Palestinian Authority becomes 123rd member of the International Criminal Court. The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the court.
Theia, a bully breed mix, was buried in a field after being hit by a car, apparently in a mercy killing. Four days after her apparent death, the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm, dirt-covered and emaciated, where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister. He is the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear talks.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus. They are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree near a student union, university officials say. The student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs. The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith, a high school freshman with Down syndrome, to be his prom date. "She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," Trey says.
Amnesty International's annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure. At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
Andrew Getty, grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, appears to have died of natural causes, police say. The coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty, a police spokesman says. Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," Detective Meghan Aguilar says.
Maysak gained super typhoon status just a few days ago. It's now classified as a tropical storm, according to the Philippine national weather service.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years. Barker hosted the game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday. He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
Paul Walker died in a car crash in 2013 at the age of 40. The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in Hollywood.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. New research shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians. Julian Zelizer: Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil butchered "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Las Vegas Arena Football League game.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals. Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty says Walmart's actions "foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move"
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
French prosecutor: "So far no videos were used in the crash investigation"French Gendarmerie spokesman: Cell phones have been collected at the crash site, but they "hadn't been exploited yet"
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, 88, died Thursday, according to his family. He had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013, a release from "Hour of Power" says. He was also the founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch.
Michele Bachmann compared President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on the 35-foot Pearson sailboat for more than two months. He left Conway, South Carolina, to fish in the ocean, but a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast. The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued, according to Jordan.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran on Iran's nuclear program. Julian Zelizer: The debate that has already begun since the announcement of the agreement will likely result in more heat than light.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts. In 2014, one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries.
Keonna Thomas, 30, also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah," is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Iran's deputy sports minister says the ban will be lifted for some sports events. Women have been banned from attending most sports events involving men since the Islamic Revolution in 1979.
Singapore's Amos Yee, a video blogger, drew international attention for his anti-Lee Kuan Yew harangue. The lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is driving disaffected voices to post online.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. "I thought I was dying," she tells People magazine.
The Fury 325 is the tallest and fastest "giga-coaster" in the world. Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN's Don Lemon about Indiana's religious freedom law.
Netanyahu says Iran is a country of "congenital cheating" and that it can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal. "There's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu says.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, refused to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. "If a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," owner says. "You can't beat me over the head with something they choose to be," says owner.
Police in Malegaon, in the western state of Maharashtra, have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. So far over 100 owners have complied with the police order.
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months and somehow living to talk about it. Louis Jordan says he rationed water, then collected fresh water in a bucket. Jose Salvador Alvarenga says his journey began in Paredon Viejo, a port on Mexico's Pacific coast, in late 2012.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world, is ready for action after a two-year shutdown. The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours, traveling more than 6 billion miles.
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of 32 commercial robberies dating to 2013, the FBI says. He was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers.
The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds. It's the third in a series of four in a row.
Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya. The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities, and a clear indicator that security situation in East Africa is deteriorating fast.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. It celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion and Resurrection. Unlike Christmas, it doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the academic integrity of student-athletes at its member institutions. "It's nonsense. It's double talk," says Gerald Gurney, a former athletic-academic director.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, her attorney says. The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. Her treatment is scheduled to wrap up this month.
"Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s. It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of Antarctica. The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people. 20 states have some version of the law, and the legal controversies have grown, too.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. Burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman says. He was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. Lippert suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches.
Rurik Jutting, 29, was charged with two counts of murder last November. A court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May.
Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile unveils colorful new livery for "Adventure Time"Adventure Time characters Jake, Finn and Princess Bubblegum are featured on the Airbus A320. The plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways and Cartoon Network Amazone.
Chelsea Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. She is not allowed Internet access in prison, according to The Guardian.
Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal, says Julian Zelizer. But the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations, he says.
Universal's "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 million range. That includes a projected Friday take of $58 million-$60 million. The last film featuring the late Paul Walker is opening around the globe this weekend.
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted that he only eats "hood doughnuts"The NFL legend reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line.
Rolling Stone published an article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia. Dean Obeidallah: Can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation? He says there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action like this.
Shibuya ward, one of Tokyo's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples. Measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara. The certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding.
Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital. The company is shutting down the Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, facility "out of an abundance of caution" to search for a possible cause of contamination.
Gen. Gen. Nakatani tells the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets have never come across any UFOs from outer space. He was responding to a question from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes.
More than 50 people have died in the port city of Aden alone, Agence France-Press reports. The Red Cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"The cult 1990s TV show was set to return in 2016. The groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history.
University of Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison says he meant no disrespect to Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky. Kaminsky, the 2015 Associated Press player of the year, says he's over it.
Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January. The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to his capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a California court.
The EPA says there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
Comedian Chris Rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police. He posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks.
The plant produces paraxylene (PX), a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics. More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control.
U.S. Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs, and the charges are serious indeed. A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies, transporting prescription pharmaceuticals.
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed. The film will be titled "Patriots' Day"Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, who retired after the attack.
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai Sonata. It's been a busy week for "The Price Is Right"
Carlos Colina is charged with assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. "This was a gruesome discovery," says the Middlesex District Attorney's Office.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
"Mad Men" premieres Sunday. The show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric, if never a huge ratings hit.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving the CW show at the end of this season. "I always knew I wanted Elena's story to be a six season adventure, and within those six years I got the journey of a lifetime," she said.
Education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa. She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police say. Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large. If convicted, they could spend up to three years in jail.
The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military says. The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, a Turkish official says.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, a law enforcement source says. "The submarine is in a dry dock," Tass reports, citing the source, and there is no ammunition on board.
Kayahan died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday. The singer, whose full name was Kayahan Acar, was born in Izmir province, in western Turkey.
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges. He is accused of taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations, "silver" merits 20, and "copper" four. Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission. Jesus and his disciples walked, wore what they had, slept outside or in friends' homes.
Gunmen storm the attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan. Two police officers and a security guard are among the dead, provincial governor's office says.
Sen. Rand Paul declared he's running for president of the United States. Julian Zelizer: Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
TV5Monde is gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets. The network says it was "hacked by an Islamist group," but there is no claim of responsibility.
Etihad Airways lost a 2-year-old cat, Felix, on a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York's JFK airport. Jennifer Stewart and her husband booked the cat's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States. The airline says it will review its pet handling procedures in the wake of the incident.
The trial of Aaron Hernandez and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is coming to a close in Massachusetts. Sen. Rand Paul announces he will run for president in Kentucky. In Chicago, voters will head to the polls in a very surprising mayoral runoff.
The fire began at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky. The park is large enough that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses.
Ted Cruz is the only official candidate in the race for the Republican presidential nomination. The Texas senator is courting evangelicals, who make up a large segment of Iowa's Republican voter bloc. Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues, but is also eager to champion social issues.
Kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation. The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. is ordered to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system. Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
Jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. The trial will move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides.
About 300 people were evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform, Pemex says. At least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours.
David Frum: Easter is unique on the Christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year. He says Easter is genuinely about how religious impulses, and patterns, can operate in ways that affect our lives.
Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more. The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray. Views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of speech.
Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the agency, is accused of assault. A female employee accused him of making sexual advances at her, according to a report from The Washington Post.
Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps. Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a French national police official says. A private security firm will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected and taken to secure locations.
April 8, 2015, was "Rex Manning Day"April 8 was also "Empire Records" Day. April 25 is "Miss Congeniality" day.
Twisted Sister says its 2016 tour will be its last. The band will play with a new drummer, Mike Portnoy of Adrenaline Mob.
"Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly, is heading straight to Lifetime. The critically-panned film, which opened last year's Cannes Film Festival, will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25. The Weinstein Co. decided to sell it directly to Lifetime rather than book it into U.S. theaters.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a witness says. One person dies in Fairdale, Illinois, as a twister shreds homes, leaves and most limbs.
Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott. Witness says he didn't see Scott grab Slager's Taser, contradicts what Slager told dispatchers.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted, his lawyer says. The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him. West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
Don McLean's pop masterpiece "American Pie" is 44 years old. McLean was a paperboy when he saw Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson killed in a plane crash in 1959. The song is an essential Americana poem emanating wistful recollection, blues valentine, and youthful protest rolled into one.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau had an affair with her 13-year-old student in 1996. She gave birth to her lover's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship. The pair wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005 and are now parents of two teen girls.
Don McLean's manuscript of "American Pie" sells for $1.2 million. The song is one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American. He says affirmative action is merely a form of "systematic racism," when all is said and done.
Scientologist John Travolta is not a fan of HBO's new documentary "Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief"The actor is one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members along with stars like Tom Cruise and Kirstie Alley.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers. A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver Hinton used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence in either case.
B.B. King was hospitalized for dehydration, his daughter tells the Los Angeles Times. "I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says in a message Tuesday.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a not-so-little baby (about 6 feet tall)There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
A senior Obama administration official says there are no plans for U.S. combat troops to be involved in an eventual operation.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday on HBO. It's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time.
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years when he started going off script. "The Communist Party, Chairman Mao. Don't mention that old son of a b***h. He made us suffer so bad," went the improvised lyrics.
Rebekah Gregory: "I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this, no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life"Survivor Karen Brassard: "It's not a happy occasion, but it's something that we can put one more step behind us"
Richard Dysart died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness, his wife says. He was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran, says Julian Zelizer. He says the deal would hand Tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds, filling the coffers of Iran.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba. But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"Cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery, with some Latin American leaders threatening not to attend.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa, on Friday. Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run, both are facing long odds in that endeavor, and both shared the stage.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is credited with founding the Taliban in the early 1990s. The Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement's website.
The picture was apparently uploaded on Imgur a few days ago. Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat. Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters. "There will be storms... that pop up all night long," says CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers.
Frida Ghitis: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith. She says there is something about Francis that reawakens my faith, and it's not because he opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church. Pope Francis is living with such freedom, such inner freedom, he's himself, she says.
Liana Barrientos has been married to eight men at once, prosecutors say. She pleaded not guilty Friday to two counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree," court documents say.
The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland, Maryland. A guard was shot at least once in the upper body, a fire department spokesman says.
Amnesty International report calls for authorities to address attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The report, entitled "Their Lives on the Line," examines the persecution of activists and other champions.
The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "American Sniper"More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of UMix.
Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services, was also fined $804,000. Raju and nine others were convicted of cheating, criminal conspiracy, breach of public trust and other charges.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder, authorities say. Carlos Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury.
"Star Wars" movies will be available on digital HD on Friday. The collection of the first six films will also include many special features. Some of the features will give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga. One focus will be the sound effects, including that of the insect-like Geonosians.
An Iranian observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month. The incident sparked concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces, CNN has learned.
Sweden is said to be the most generous nation on Earth for parental leave. Photographer Johan Bavman used his photography to document fathers taking full advantage.
Craig Hicks is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. A judge ruled that Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified," reports say.
Season 2 of "True Detective" premieres June 21. Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013 as a senior in high school. Her principal at Lawrenceburg High School, Bill Snyder, announced her death to students Friday morning.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday. Two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested, police say.
Martin O'Malley says the Democratic Party is full of "good leaders"Clinton is planning to launch her presidential bid on Sunday, a person close to her campaign-in-waiting says.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. The rapper from St. Louis shot to fame with the track "Country Grammar"
Hundreds of mourners celebrate Walter Scott's life and death as a catalyst for change in America. Scott, who was black, at the hands of a white police officer was "motivated by racial prejudice," church head says. "Walter's death will not be in vain," Scott's brother says.
Guatemala ranks third in the killings of women worldwide. Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny.
Hillary Clinton is announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. Julian Zelizer: There is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director. The film is set in a besmirched and decaying Detroit. The title alludes to a once thriving community now displaced, its homes at the bottom of a reservoir.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day. Customers can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Elizabeth Sedway posted a video on Facebook showing her being removed from an Alaska Airlines plane in Hawaii. She says she was removed because she has cancer and doesn't have a doctor's note saying she can fly. Alaska Airlines apologizes and refunds her family's tickets and pays for their overnight accommodations.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault, even when the student admitted to it.
The Department of Justice will begin to negotiate with Ferguson to restructure the police department. The Ferguson Police Department has been charged with engaging in a pattern of racial discrimination.
The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway. The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto when he felt something around his neck. "With a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me. That's what happened," Minatel tells CNN's Paula Newton.
Robert Durst is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Graffiti written in a French chalk quarry dates back almost 100 years. The inscriptions were found underneath battlefields near Naours, France, about 120 miles north of Paris. The city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century.
President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to be the next attorney general on November 8. She is the first African-American woman to be nominated for the job.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun, 51 Pegasi. Since then, ground-based surveys and NASA's Kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed "exoplanets"
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by one shot after Saturday's third round. Phil Mickelson, Tiger Woods, Justin Rose and Rory McIlroy also in contention.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John, where they were renting a villa. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
A New York judge authorized service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. The idea of service by Facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him.
Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp. The Yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
Roy Ramm is a former commander of specialist operations at London's Scotland Yard for 27 years. He says burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people, people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs. Many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions.
"Furious 7" earned a record $146 million over the weekend. Many moviegoers praised the movie's ending as a fitting tribute to the late actor.
Selena's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment"The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company. The project is being called "Selena the One"
Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.
David Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival. He originally signed on to direct the project but there was "not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done," he said.
Daniel Boykin pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act. Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on his phone and computer.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou. They had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment, let us stay safe"
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011. The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport, Oregon, where it is moored at a marina.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, are charged with sexual battery. They are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida's Panama City Beach.
"Star Wars" saga will be released on digital HD at the end of the week. "Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best. The cast of "Suicide Squad" assembled for the first time this week in a Twitter photo.
ISIS claims it controls part of Iraq's largest oil refinery. The Baiji refinery refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. The facility is just 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Cuba and the United States are in the same diplomatic playground at the Summit of the Americas. For the first time since 1962, the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join the summit. Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," he told air traffic control.
One year after the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in Nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend. The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in the town of Chibok, in northeastern Nigeria.
Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Walter Scott was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on Saturday. The figure, painted black in mourning for the family, has wings because it's going to heaven, Hyman said.
A 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park with only a blanket and a Bible. The man's mother is charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, reckless endangerment of another person, neglect of a care-dependent person, unlawful restraint, kidnapping.
Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on. The project started out to help "fix my own problems, and now I'm helping others fix theirs," he said.
CNN's Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes unspecified "treatment," police say. She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.
A U.S. reconnaissance plane was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon says the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional"
Nyia Parler, 41, remains in treatment in Maryland, police say. Police say she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland. A man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby"He suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns.
Kansas governor signs a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure. The law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion"Supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warn it's dangerous.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son she and husband Derick have named Israel David. The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College in North Carolina. The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee and the school's print shop operator. Police say they are looking into whether he is part of a white supremacist gang.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985. He led the Australian side from 1958/59 through to 1963/1964, never losing a series.
Irish betting company Paddy Power backtracks after tweeting that Newcastle United have suffered more Kop beatings than an unarmed African-American male. The tweet is a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club. Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 in the English Premier League on Monday.
At least 480 migrants have died crossing the Mediterranean Sea since the beginning of the year, the IMO says.
President Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. He says he understands and respects Netanyahu's stance that Israel is particularly vulnerable and doesn't "have the luxury of testing these propositions"Obama says even if Iran can't be trusted, there's still a case to be made for the deal.
Cape Verde is home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world. The former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade, a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled Jews.
"Double Falsehood," a play first published in 1728, was written more than a century earlier by William Shakespeare. Two scholars analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Lewis Theobald to create a "psychological signature" of each author. They compared those profiles to the language in the play and determined that the play's first half was almost entirely written by Shakespeare.
Kenya has frozen 86 accounts linked to suspected terror supporters, a government spokesman says. The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab, the militant group that claimed responsibility for the attack.
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison Monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. Arias, 34, was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013. The jury that convicted her found the murder was especially cruel, making Arias eligible for the death penalty.
Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day against sexual harassment in China.
Malala Yousafzai was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls' to go to school. Malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. He was denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen, he says.
More than 25,000 people have fought Ebola infections over the last year. More than 10,000 have not survived.
Attorney General Eric Holder says the solicitation of prostitution "threatens the core mission of the department"Soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking, Holder says.
Sterilization plea deals involve a voluntary choice of sterilization by persons accused of a crime, and for whom sterilization will be part of their punishment.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing. Peter Bergen: There could be other more young men just like him, which means lessons we take from Boston will affect whether we can keep America safer.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina. Julian Zelizer: The incident raises questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity in its emojis.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S.Zelizer: Win or lose, this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder.
"A.D. The Bible Continues" debuts Sunday on NBC. "Mad Men," "Louie" and "The Comedians" also return this week.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. CNN asked Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the Royal United Services Institute, to give us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to stay second in the English Premier League. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game to keep Arsenal's title hopes alive.
South Carolina officer Michael Slager shot Walter Scott in the back while in full retreat, a bystander says. Eric Liu: If Slager had been wearing a body camera, Scott would probably still be alive, and Slager wouldn't be facing the possibility of life in prison.
David Frum: 8 out of 10 taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes, and the average amount is close to $3000. He says the U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax, with limited taxes on capital (what the rich have)
Yarmouk camp on outskirts of Damascus has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict since 2012. ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk, and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before. The Syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign on the area.
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show. Channing Tatum twerked onstage in front of Jennifer Lopez. Robert Downey Jr. accepting Generation Award was fine (kudos for the "keep your nose clean" quip)
Paul Bettany will play the Vision in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel. The Vision is a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. Odin Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in June 2013. His mother, sister, uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family, a gifted athlete.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in 2012. Prosecutors say Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW.
"Orphan Black's" second season premieres on BBC America on Saturday, April 18 at 9 p.m. ET. "Turn: Washington's Spies" returns with a new subtitle and a new Monday night time slot.
Alyssa Milano tweeted that Heathrow Airport workers confiscated breast milk she'd pumped for her daughter. Milano, who has long been an outspoken advocate of breastfeeding, said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing on April 15, 2005, in Centre County, Pennsylvania. He left behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots. He knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded land of corn from the land of cotton.
"Daredevil" premiered its entire first season on Netflix on Friday. Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock, whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the New York neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen. Critics say the show is a well-scripted, beautifully acted superhero saga.
The Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central Florida. Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018. The change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory. Some jumped from its fifth floor, the university said.
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter. Video shows him announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting. He then shoots Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun.
Iman Hashi and Siham Hashi were born in Mogadishu, Somalia, but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991. The sisters relocated to Canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music. Now they are gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery. The facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically.
Remote-controlled robot deployed Friday inside one of the damaged reactors. It was the first time the probe had been used to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris.
More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations against Yemeni Shia fighters, a Saudi official says. Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region.
Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies. The tiny shop in Tsim Sha Tsui, one of the city's main shopping districts, is swarming with people.
Explosion outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe kills at least five people and injures more than a dozen others. A woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers. The bus was heading to the central city of Jos, 125 kilometers away. No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
ISIS is a problem that is "off the charts historically," Brett McGurk tells CNN. He says the U.S. is in "uncharted territory" when it comes to putting down the terror group.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3. Winehouse struggled with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums.
The sentencing phase of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial begins April 21, a day after the Boston Marathon. Tsarnaev was convicted on all 30 counts he faced, including using weapons of mass destruction, bombing a place of public use, conspiracy and aiding and abetting.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base in Kansas, authorities say. Booker enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7, 2014, an Army spokesman says.
The #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week. Celebrity chef Mario Batali nominated Gwyneth Paltrow and Sting and Deborah Harry for the challenge.
The Washington University of rowing team was practicing on Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis. A swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack, some even going into the boat.
Muhammadu Buhari tells CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he plans to aggressively fight corruption. He says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast part of Nigeria, where Boko Haram operates. "A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," he says.
ISIS has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible, a provincial official says. The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families. Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait.
Haleigh Cox, 5, was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them weren't making life better for the little girl. The Georgia governor signed a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Carolina Sandretto is an Italian photographer based in New York. She focuses on the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate in.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal announced this month. Julian Zelizer: History suggests the President might indeed have the authority to move forward without Congress.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus catches fire on a Texas freeway. Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire, on Interstate 30 just northeast of Dallas, and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix," a method the government has used to ensure payments to Medicare providers will keep up with inflation. The bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program.
The ring was engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny"Joe Langley had been snorkeling in the same spot in Bali when he lost the ring.
At least 12 people are killed in separate attacks on a police station, a checkpoint and along a highway in Egypt's northern Sinai. Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in Al-Arish.
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless. Tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #MeForreal.
Cynthia Lennon died at her home in Mallorca, Spain, after a short but brave battle with cancer, her son says. She married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles. Cynthia Lennon married three more times after John and wrote two books about her marriage to the Beatle.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro are at the Summit of the Americas in Panama. Julian Zelizer: The U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to a hyperactive China, a cunning Russia and a troubling Iran.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy. Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons, or by stating they are "conscientious objectors," and still receive taxpayer funded child care benefits.
Items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps. Rago Arts and Auction Center agrees to pull the items from its April 17 event.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive and separated them into groups to be sold as sex slaves. Hanan, 19, was separated into a smaller group of seven and taken into a house in a village. She was eventually chosen, part of a group of 25, to be taken to a sex slave warehouse in Mosul.
A Los Angeles judge ordered V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Rochelle "Shelly" Sterling sued her, saying Donald Sterling bought her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision, her lawyer says.
Jason Rezaian has been in jail in Iran for nearly nine months. He is accused of economic spying, the Washington Post reports, citing Iranian state media. The State Department calls the charges "absurd"
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury. He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing in New York last week. The Atlanta Hawks guard/forward says the injury was caused by the police.
Georgia chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament. Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone, which was logged onto a chess analysis app.
Al Qaeda confirms that two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan.
Tulsa World: Some supervisors at the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office were told to forge Robert Bates' training records. Three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, the Tulsa World newspaper says. Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a sting operation on April 2. He claims he accidentally fired his handgun at Harris instead of a Taser.
ISIS logos and markings could be seen on some TV5Monde social media accounts. There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters, a source says. Robby Mook, Clinton's soon-to-be campaign manager, distributed a "values statement"The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. His ID and Social Security cards had been stolen. A case worker helped him get a driver's license and a Social Security card.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people. The most serious injuries were suffered by inmates assigned to maintenance and cleaning work at the firing range.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS. U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies, who are working with Kurdish government troops and militia in Iraq and Syria.
"Furious 7" hits theaters Friday, months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the Oscars. The cast includes Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, black actors Christopher "Ludacris" Bridges and Tyrese Gibson.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia. The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives. Twitter followers voiced their support through #PeaceMarch and #SayNoToXenophobia.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- are named as accomplices.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis. The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, says Britain's ambassador to the United Nations.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday. A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer, which had Spanish subtitles. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
George Davon Kennedy, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, is arrested in Georgia. He is the third person arrested in the case of an alleged gang rape that was videotaped on a crowded stretch of Panama City Beach. Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
The USS Oklahoma sank on December 7, 1941, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described the Yarmouk refugee camp as "the deepest circle of hell"Yarmouk must be a place where the politics of the possible begin to take hold, Ban says.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport. They received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS, the state security minister says. It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged, he says.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is charged with first-degree murder in the death of a college employee. The 20-year-old is accused of killing Ron Lane, an employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He was arrested after he was found sleeping on a Florida beach Tuesday.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. He says he mistook his gun for a Taser, and Harris died after calling out "Taser! Taser!"
Mohamed Mohamud, the man suspected of being the "mastermind" behind the massacre, once taught at the school. He is believed to be in command of an Al-Shabaab militia based near Kenya's long, porous border with Somalia. The Islamist militant group, who are allied with al Qaeda, have been waging a bloody campaign.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" during a special Mass to commemorate a century since the slaughter of Armenians by the Turks. Historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a genocide.
Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday. The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that last May he disciplined his son, who was 4 at the time, too harshly with a "switch"
Tulsa County reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun. Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect. The suspect, Eric Courtney Harris, 44, later died at a local hospital.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring. White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour.
CNN is granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund. The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels, but there is plenty to be done out on the tarmac.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in Siberia. Lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium's storytelling power.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. He says he meant to use his Taser on Harris during the April 2 arrest but accidentally fired his handgun.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI. He allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans, execution style.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression, he says. He had to compete successfully in a selection process just to have the opportunity to train through Lufthansa's flight program.
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie, arriving in December. A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie. The movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the Amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with murder in the death of Etan Patz, 6, in 1979. He confessed to police that he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets," The Hollywood Reporter has learned. Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at May's upfront presentation.
A study by We the People found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed, primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms.
Jonathan Crombie co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies. He died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage, producer Kevin Sullivan says. The movies were carried in the United States by the Disney Channel and PBS.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. It is the most deadly assault so far, with 147 dead, easily eclipsing the terrorist group's most notorious attack.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges. He faces up to life in prison if convicted of murder, attempted murder and one count of hit-and-run.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Julian Zelizer: The U.S. is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis. He says 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent.
Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm. Two assailants on a passing motorcycle shot her while she was driving, police say.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable. He says the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
Actor Jon Cryer re-creates "Try a Little Tenderness" on "Late Late Show"He lip-syncs the song as he tries to win the affection of Molly Ringwald's Andie.
The "religious freedom" bills recently passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard. Julian Zelizer: Politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses, including companies with no record of public support for social equality.
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" documents the experiences of Somali refugee Sahra. Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio, a shelter in Munich, Germany, for refugees and torture victims. The number of refugees seeking asylum in the European Union increased by 25% last year.
Hockey player Jarret Stoll was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort, KSNV reports. Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. He was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on $5,000 bail.
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the.30-30 rifle.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John, where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort. The family was airlifted to hospitals in the United States.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil, Iraq. At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
More than 300 suspects have been arrested in connection with attacks on foreigners, the government says. The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, authorities say.
Davion Navar Henry Only had lived his entire life in foster care, bouncing from one home to another. The older he got, the less likely it was that he would be adopted.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she won't slack off on her calls for breaking up banks and other measures to rein in Wall Street. Julian Zelizer: Democratic populism can't work within the current campaign finance system.
Thursday marks three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. Hopes for stability, not only in Yemen but in the Middle East in general, are fading.
Joy Womack is a principal ballerina at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre in Moscow. She left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia aged 15, speaking no Russian. She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted into the company. She says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day.
Six young Minnesota men conspired to join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say. Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota's Somali community.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been researching medical marijuana for the last couple of years. His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries, culminating in "Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution," airing at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sunday.
Maggie Doyne lives in Nepal year-round, traveling to the U.S. a few times a year. She started the BlinkNow Foundation to support and grow her efforts. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw the tree, then looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff. The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence.
Gisele Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. She is the face of Chanel and Carolina Herrera.
Timothy Bouldry is a photographer based in New Hampshire. He lives and works inside the La Chureca landfill in Nicaragua, one of the largest landfills in the world.
Lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins University and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct experiments in Guatemala. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases, suit says. Suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs.
Two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris have been reassigned. Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families. Reserve Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
ESPN suspended reporter Britt McHenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced. McHenry posted an apology on Twitter, saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation.
Chancey Allen Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting. Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student, was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna. Luna will be sentenced in June.
"Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" is due out December 18. Director J.J. Abrams and the cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film.
Sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013. Nigeria is now one of the fastest growing markets for French Champagne and digital televisions according to a report by Deloitte.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested at a Beverly Hills hotel. Richards was taken into custody on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication. She is expected to face misdemeanor charges, police say.
ISIS fighters took thousands of Yazidis captive, some as young as 8 years old, to be sold as slaves for their "masters" to use as concubines. The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of some 4,000 tents and counting.
A Japanese court has halted plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country, citing safety concerns. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy, arguing it is essential to the country's economic recovery.
ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq as the latest episodes in over a decade of constant "Sunni resistance" to "American aggression" and to "Shiite betrayal," he says.
A reserve deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser, killing a man. Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body, and the Taser should be on the nondominant side.
The drugs are estimated to be worth more than $105 million.
Iraqi forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery, the Combined Joint Task Force says. Peshmerga forces cleared 84 square kilometers (32 square miles) of ISIS-occupied territory in Iraq.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences. The channel said it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"Russia's controversial law caused an international outcry after it was passed in 2013.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of Somalia's capital, killing at least 10 people. The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where Al-Shabaab killed 15 people in a bombing and gun attack in February.
Bob Greene: Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust. He says Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem, even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims about vaccines.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on climate change. Obama: "There are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home"
Daisy Bentley, 23, is a London-based artist who has been collecting notes for the past six years. Her collection includes shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings. Bentley: "Humans want to collect and show to others," she says.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow executions with nitrogen gas. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, Fallin's office says.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions. The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Tokyo Electric Power Company deployed the second robot last week after the first one broke down. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected, an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively.
Chad Pregracke is the founder of Living Lands & Waters. He and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son were driving underneath a highway overpass in Bonney Lake, a Seattle suburb. Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, authorities say. "The damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle," police say.
Aaron Carroll: Florida and Arizona lawmakers are too often donning the white coats to orchestrate medical practice. He says Florida enacted the Firearm Owners' Privacy Act, which threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for doctors who ask about guns. Carroll: In Arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
A U.N. official says the boat that capsized in the Mediterranean may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid. The company that manages the ship, OSM Maritime Group, denies that the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize.
An Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport. There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off from South Korea's Incheon International Airport. Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., according to fire department and ministry sources.
"Mare Nostrum" was a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to seek security and a new life in Europe. But it proved expensive and politically contentious, and Europe was not prepared to help Italy shoulder the burden of the crisis, he says.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions.
North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships. The Mu Du Bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July. Mexico defended the move Wednesday, saying it followed proper protocol.
Heather Mack, 19, who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago, was found guilty with her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, of murder. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von Wiese-Mack to death in room 317 of the St. Regis Bali Resort.
Madonna planted a kiss on Drake onstage at the Coachella music festival in California. "Oh, s***. What the f*** just happened?" he asked moments later from the stage.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. Julian Zelizer: Tsarnaev should be allowed to fade away into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell.
Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk. The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
"The Americans" is one of the best series on TV. "Fresh Off the Boat" hasn't been picked up for a second season, but the signs are looking good. "Scorpion," about a ragtag band of geniuses sent on secret missions, got a lot of hype for CBS.
Bishop Robert Finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. He was the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in connection with the church's long-running sex abuse scandal.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, was bombed by two disaffected young Americans. On Thursday, a video of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry insulting a tow company clerk came out -- and immediately went viral.
Joss Whedon is accused of stealing the idea for "The Cabin in the Woods" from a 2006 novel. Peter Gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages. Whedon and Goddard are named as defendants in the lawsuit filed Monday in California federal court.
The trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" just got a makeover. YouTuber Bobby Burns made his own version using classic superhero footage.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo act. Bill Withers, Green Day, Lou Reed, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts and Stevie Ray Vaughan also honored.
"Fantastic Four" and "Jurassic World" both have new trailers out. The new trailer for the new "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" was released Sunday. Chris Pratt's character knows dinosaurs better than anyone, according to the new trailer.
Freddie Gray was arrested April 12 on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs. He "gave up without the use of force," according to Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez. It's unclear what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death a week after the arrest.
The route through Khumbu Icefall, the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed, has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer. Nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb Mount Everest, with 125 of them from the previously shortened season.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3"The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Legacy"Disney has been developing a sequel since the movie grossed $400 million worldwide.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia. The fires were started in southeastern Siberia, by farmers burning grass in their fields. The winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest.
ISIS Wilayat Khorasan claims responsibility for the attack. The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Nick Paton Walsh says. A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad.
Conrad Clitheroes, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were on a five-day visit to the UAE from Manchester. The third man, Neil Munro, is a British national who lives in the UAE.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, has been found guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombings. The jury must decide whether he should live or die for what he has done.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds. He was in a Sydney pub when a group of Australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them.
April is National Get Tested Month, but it seems to be morphing into National Get tested month.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night. The 2015 ACM Awards brought in the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever. Miranda Lambert justly owned the night when it came to awards.
The Sabra hummus recall revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. Dr. John Swartzberg, M.D., a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley, walks CNN through the recall process.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project.
Saudi Arabia has executed a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta. Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim, 37, was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer's four-year-old child. She was the second Indonesian domestic worker executed by the Saudis this week.
The fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained, officials say.
A papal iPad that Pope Francis once owned sells for $30,500 at auction in Uruguay. The Pope donated the iPad to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Pope Francis may make a stop in Cuba on his way to or from the United States this September, the Vatican says. The possibility was first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal.
Polish prince challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park. Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain. He says Britain's membership of the European Union means it is powerless to stop a flow of immigrants.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien, on Wednesday night. It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather. The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore.
Cyclist Wang Pingan's bike was stolen in Shenzhen, China, just days before he completed his journey. Police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent Wang a photo of a bike they recovered. The bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered.
Carlsberg City is set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of Copenhagen. The area has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847, and with it a big slice of Danish cultural history.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attacked civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month, a military spokesman says. Boko Haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law in Nigeria.
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi, Kenya, to Garissa, a commando says. The commando team rehearsed the assault on the university compound for about two-and-a-half hours, the commando source says. Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denies that his unit caused any delay in the response.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton. Clinton is a big fan of Obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster when it comes to his leadership style.
Frida Ghitis: U.S.-Iran relationship is not symmetrical. Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices. Iran isn't 10 feet tall in this region, but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power, she says.
Photographer Andres Figueroa documented religious festivals in the Atacama Desert in Chile. The festivals are rooted in the ancient folklore of the Andean people.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, 69; Jay Goldstein, 60; and Binyamin Stimler, 39, were found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. Epstein's son, David Epstein, was acquitted on Tuesday of kidnapping charges.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!"
Italians have a saying: "Too much of something cripples it"There are nearly 5,000 "gems" scattered across the country, ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments. Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50, several of which risk crumbling to the ground.
Recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users in rural Indiana and Kentucky have brought up the topic of syringe exchange programs.
Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died in a plane crash. The plane was headed back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis, an ISU spokesman says. "The ISU community is reeling from the loss," the ISU president says.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica. It's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.
Celoron, New York, mayor offers to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue. Artist Dave Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "most unsettling sculpture"Mayor Scott Schrecengost says the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue.
Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in New Zealand court. The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home.
Erika Langhart, 24, had a blood clot in her right thigh and traveled to her lungs, causing "massive" pulmonary embolisms and "multiple episodes of cardiac arrest"Less than a year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir, Turkey. "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says. It also features a still of Jedi Grand Master Yoda teaching young Jedis how to use a light saber.
Canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria. Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's advances.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing semi-pro player Odin Lloyd in June 2013. His lawyers say there's no reason to kill Lloyd, who was his friend, his future brother-in-law.
Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah. At least 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, were freed, an official says.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has been accused of sexual harassment. A waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. Key publicly apologized to Amanda Bailey, a waitress at his local cafe, after she complained about his behavior in a blog post.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's sentencing phase will begin Tuesday, determining whether he will receive the death penalty. Julian Zelizer: The trial of Tsarnaev vindicated the capacity of our constitutional system to handle these cases.
Best was best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard"Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia, a longtime friend says.
UNICEF says 16 tons of medical supplies have landed in Yemen's capital, Sanaa. Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed, but getting them into the country in the midst of turmoil was difficult.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain. She is an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck"Frances, now 22 and a visual artist, speaks publicly for the first time about her father.
About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm battered Sydney and nearby areas. About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off and we won't be able to reach them for a few days"
Sammy Griner's dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. Justin was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later. "Success Kid" is now an 8-year-old named Sammy Griner.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott. Slager's wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week of all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the race.
Five young men were arrested in Melbourne, Australia, in what police call a major counterterrorism operation. Three of the teens, all of them either 18 or 19, have since been released "pending further enquiries," police say. The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, Prime Minister Tony Abbott says.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd, a semi-pro football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. Hernandez is charged with murder and two weapons charges in the death of Lloyd.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday. It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to Kenya since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton beats teammate and title rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean, home to just under 270 people. The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable.
"The Blob" is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific Ocean. Some scientists say it could be playing a factor in the drought in California, Oregon and Washington.
Arizona police release video of a Walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded, one man dead. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl. He was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors. His family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall.
Alfred Taubman, a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life, died Friday at the age of 91. He was born January 31, 1924, in Michigan to German Jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the Great Depression.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for a week after a video of her offensive exchange with a towing company worker went viral. McHenry has since apologized on Twitter, saying she said "some insulting and regrettable things," and that she should "always choose to be respectful"
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday. The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional, both for Armenians, who are descended from those killed, and for Turks.
Cambodia fell to the Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea in 1975. Ly Sivhong, then 13, was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who, along with virtually the entire population of Phnom Penh, were sent on a forced march into the countryside to work.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced Sunday that she will run for president in 2016. Wall Street is ready to roll out the red carpet for Clinton, who has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry. Clinton's perceived coziness with Wall Street may be a source of irritation for liberal activists, who want her to embrace progressive ideals.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, is suspected of killing a 32-year-old woman and planning a larger-scale terror attack. He asked for medical help at his home in Paris' 13th district Sunday morning, claiming he had accidentally injured himself. But authorities found more than a man with a gunshot wound in his thigh. They also found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches.
Larry Upright, 81, died Monday at a North Carolina hospital. In his obituary, his family asks that you do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016. "He was very passionate about politics," his daughter says.
Headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, tipped over this week. "It was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin tells CNN affiliate WNEP. Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
A family trip to a Nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it. Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his Reddit page.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories. The prosecution rests Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless. The defense is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain Tsarnaev's difficult upbringing.
Most of the candidates -- and some probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes. Most of the mistakes will simply be blips along the way, but some of them might end up being more damaging.
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. counterterrorism operation, the White House says. He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda, speaking against his native country on behalf of the organization.
The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, says WWF report on Reviving the Ocean Economy.
Actress Penelope Cruz will join the cast of "Zoolander 2," Ben Stiller announced Friday. The film is scheduled for release in February 2016.
Valerie Braham's husband, Philippe Braham, was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. He was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in, killing four people, all of them Jewish. "Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham says.
In 2014 more than 80% of migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year, says Arezo Malakooti.
South Korean investigators say they have proof of the malicious codes used in the attacks. Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons and can cause significant economic damage to its southern rival.
The United States is failing its partners, says Julian Zelizer. He says little of our foreign military financing goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism. Zelizer: It takes years to build special operations forces with credible capabilities.
Saudi-led coalition ends airstrikes on Houthi positions in Yemen. The aim is to bring back Yemen's "security and stability through establishing a political process," coalition says. U.S. is conducting "manned reconnaissance" off Yemen, official says.
Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied. The executions will be carried out by firing squad.
SkyWest Airlines flight makes emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, after a passenger loses consciousness.
New Orleans City Council voted to ban smoking in most bars, casinos and restaurants. Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned loss of their smoking spots.
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago. Comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question: "What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?"
A surge of refugees this year, usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels, has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast. Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies in North and East Africa. Libya plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for Italy.
Genevieve and Scott Kelley are accused of kidnapping their daughter, Mary Nunes. Genevieve Kelley turned herself in to authorities last year, just a few months after the case was featured on CNN's "The Hunt"Scott Kelley has been wanted since 2004, accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution.
Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis. More than 50% of India's population is involved in the agricultural and allied sector, which contributes 18% of the country's GDP.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) to Baja, Mexico.
Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny, but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control and evolving into an unwinnable war.
Chinese police release five female activists who were detained last month, family and friends of the women tell CNN. The five members of China's Women's Rights Action Group were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou. The women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted.
Dr. Maizes: There is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar, white flour, GMOs, and trans fats.
Aaron Carroll: Failure to pay child support is not a crime, though states do criminalize it. He says a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court isn't about catching criminals, it's bill collection. Carroll: Lousy parents are the prison pipeline; particularly symptomatic of this problem are absent and deadbeat dads.
ESPN's Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington, Virginia. Julian Zelizer: McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement, evidence of a mean girl who never left high school.
Gen. Allen Batschelet says obesity is becoming a national security issue for the U.S. Army.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at a maximum-security prison in Shirley, Massachusetts. He will be moved to the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center, 40 miles outside Boston. Souza is Massachusetts' newest prison, opened in 1998, with a matrix of 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day.
Julian Zelizer: Obama's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan. He says nuclear power is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating over 60% of U.S. electricity. Zelizer says the White House is ignoring its largest tool to cut carbon emissions -- nuclear energy.
U.S. policy in the Middle East remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground, he says.
Ruben Navarrette: Rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues: immigration reform and Cuba relations. He says if Rubio is counting on his ethnicity and personal history as the son of immigrants to win over fellow Hispanics, he is mistaken.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband, Adam Davis, were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing. "We were so in love and happy together," she told a federal jury Wednesday. The jury must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should live or die.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. He was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to "work full time jobs in the community and volunteer... time in a myriad of events," says his lawyer.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones make her so irrational she'll start an unnecessary war. Julian Zelizer: Women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts, studies show.
Thieves gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd through the shaft of an elevator, police say. The thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building, then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement, he says. A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds.
Southern Monitoring Alarm Company called the Metropolitan Police Service, also known as Scotland Yard, at 12:21 a.m. April 3. A burglar alarm had been activated at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd., MPS says. The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen. A former police official in London has speculated the loss could run to £200 million.
The New England Patriots are still waiting for the results of the "Deflategate" investigation. The league hired attorney Ted Wells to run the investigation into why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the AFC Championship game were underinflated. The Patriots beat the Indianapolis Colts 45-7 to advance to the Super Bowl.
Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on "Everybody Loves Raymond"He was weeks away from his 20th birthday.
Sofia Vergara's ex-fiance Nick Loeb is suing her to prevent her from destroying two frozen embryos. The two embryos were conceived through in vitro fertilization in November 2013, according to reports. The suit states the embryos should not be destroyed until both parties reach an agreement.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's campaign rollout makes women and being a woman central to her outreach. He says the 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme: "war on women"
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction in Beverly Hills, California.
Five years after the 2010 spill, the long-term negative effects of the spill remain unclear and highly disputed. BP, the company that caused the spill, is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
Ashish Thakkar is a Ugandan tycoon who built his vast business empire from scratch. His Mara Group spans over 20 countries and he's been called "Africa's youngest billionaire"Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Virgin Galactic.
Brazilian police have arrested the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party. Joao Vaccari Neto is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff so far implicated in the investigation.
Italian authorities say they have launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation" against al Qaeda suspects. The suspects had been under surveillance for years, some as far back as 2005, police say. One of the raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell's headquarters on the island of Sardinia.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's online declaration for president means focus will now shift to what kind of president she might be. He says Clinton will have to negotiate and traverse several tricky and rocky paths to ensure that her State Department career remains an advantage and doesn't turn into a liability.
Nigerian students have built an eco-friendly car powered by electricity. The "ABUCAR 2" runs on gasoline and produces fewer emissions than normal cars. Uganda's Makerere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV"
The U.S. is home to 25% of the world's prison population, says Julian Zelizer. He says we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens. Zelizer: By imprisoning individuals, we also burden families, condemn generations to poverty and breed economic inequality.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service says. About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety.
President Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit with Cuban leader Raul Castro. Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make presidential campaign official.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"He will take over the program in June; he'll remain CNN's chief Washington correspondent and anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead"
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV. The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of prescription opana.
Ahmed Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent. He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January, the White House says.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. Hoesik usually involves changing venues for a different type of alcohol -- i.e., round one is dinner, accompanied by beer, round two is soju, round three is for whiskey.
Sissa Abu Dahou puts on traditional male dress, known as a jalabiya, and heads into the streets of the Egyptian city of Luxor. The grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state.
A ramp agent is permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines planes, airline says. The ramp agent fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold, a source says.
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture. Miller will be joined by acclaimed artist Brian Azzarello.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton surprised the world this week with her unconventional campaign launch. He says it's a strategy to bring a new name, term, symbol or design to an established brand with the aim of developing a new identity in the minds of consumers.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges China to release five young feminists who face years in prison. Authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou.
Airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials say. The strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted, they say. On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign against Houthi positions.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since Heath Ledger. The movie hits theaters August 5, 2016.
U.S. wants to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025.
President Obama has argued with Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy, says Julian Zelizer. Hillary Clinton is trying to walk a fine line somewhere in the middle, he says.
A Japanese court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country's southwest. The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, is on trial for the Boston Marathon bombing that killed three and injured 260, including dozens maimed. Julian Zelizer: Tsarnaev displayed a desire to cause pain and suffering in innocent victims.
Caitlyn Baggett, Morgan Bass, Emily Clark, Abbie Deloach and Catherine (McKay) Pittman were killed. Fellow nursing students Brittney McDaniel and Megan Richards were injured.
Gunmen killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel. The attack left 104 people injured, including 19 who are in critical condition, the interior minister says. Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson tells CNN's Anderson Cooper. "He didn't need to pull the trigger," one juror says of Aaron Hernandez.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13, health officials say.
Warren Weinstein was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. A senior Pakistani official says the Pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant Haqqani Network.
"You're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded, and you're not going to be able to breathe," flight attendant tells passengers.
Molly Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails. That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides.
About a third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies. Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease.
Julian Zelizer: We share an unwavering belief that the U.S. must lead the world on climate change. We believe that President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
Australia's participation in the first world war was contested from the outset. Australia had the only entirely voluntary military service among the Allied forces; less than 40% of eligible men signed up to fight "for King and Country"
Sandra Mackey died Sunday, her son, Colin Mackey, said. Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, law enforcement officials say. It's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational, the exact nature of the threat couldn't be learned.
Benjamin Netanyahu must form a government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law. Netanyahu's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset last month.
Sabeen Mahmud was a Pakistani figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance. Two gunmen shot her dead at point-blank range after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi for the night. Mahmud's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will visit Moscow next month for Victory Day celebrations. Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit, Tass reports. This would be Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
Fethiye Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink. Dink was a strong proponent of reconciliation between Turks and Armenians who was assassinated in 2007.
Giovanni Lo Porto was killed by a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan in 2012. He was working on a clean water and sanitation program in Multan, Pakistan, when he was abducted.
Aaron Hernandez walked into court with an air of bravado, his head held high like the $40 million, NFL superstar he was just a couple of years ago. Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz. Julian Zelizer: The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials.
Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital. Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London. Many of the African buyers see these houses as a way of maintaining long standing cultural ties with London.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist and science journalist Kate Ravilious says. The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s, and Kathmandu was badly damaged in an earthquake that occurred farther east in 1934.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the Student News Roll Call!
Warren Weinstein was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in January, the White House says. A Pakistani source says Weinstein's family paid money to his captors, but it did not lead to his release. The captors began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for Weinstein's release, the source says.
"Grey's Anatomy" character Derek Shepherd dies on Thursday night's episode. The show is ending its 11th season in May.
A growing number of scholars and world leaders believe that what happened should be called genocide. Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens. Many hope that Turkey's younger generation is more willing to accept that a genocide occurred.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days. Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight.
Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer that he's transgender. Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are -- the Jenners and the Kardashians. "Love is the courage to live the truest, best version of yourself. Bruce is love. I love you Bruce," Kim tweeted.
Armenians were decimated during the last days of the Ottoman Empire in World War I. Many Armenians cringed over the Kardashians' potboiler storyline, their million-dollar weddings to basketball players and rappers.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration. In March, the FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product's label, like color or a logo, the product requires new approval from the administration.
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam. But there's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults.
Research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it. Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman's book, "The Eureka Factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "Aha!" moment. Insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness.
A 14-year-old boy is charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas. He will appear in Westminster Magistrate's Court on Friday, police say.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions. But for some communities, the group is the local governing authority, picking up garbage and directing traffic. A newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to a "Not Easy Being Green" Muppet, Kermit the Frog.
Marvel's "Daredevil" will return for a second season in 2016. The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, played by Charlie Cox, who was blinded as a child.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo"A decade later, the site gets billions of views every day. The most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks.
#KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days. #Belfie is a self-photography of one's posterior.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"It will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega. The special will be filmed in advance and not air live. Fox also has a live musical production of "Grease" scheduled to air on Jan. 31, 2016.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s. There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them. Her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years.
Demonstrators have vowed they'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice for Freddie Gray. Protesters want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes when Gray was in police custody.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner were asked about the character Black Widow's flirtations with the other superheroes. Renner responded "She's a slut," and Evans, laughing, added that she is a "complete whore"Both actors apologized Thursday.
Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad"David Ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts Jared Leto as the Joker, Will Smith as Deadshot and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. There will also possibly be cameos of Jesse Eisenberg and Ben Affleck.
Nepal has been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed.
Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York. The chase took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the Hudson River.
Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion died in 2011 after a hazing ritual on a school bus. Benjamin McNamee, 25; Aaron Golson, 22; and Darryl Cearnel, 28, were convicted Friday.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly. Tony Soprano is meeting his family for dinner at Holsten's, a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in Bloomfield, New Jersey. "The tension is quite high now, but if you think about it, for no real reason," Chase says.
Reserve deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris. Bates, 73, has said he meant to stun Harris with a Taser, but mistakenly shot him with a gun instead.
Geoffrey Lewis, the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis, died Tuesday. Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel, "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil"He was 79.
Richard Corliss, 71, died Thursday night in New York City after suffering a stroke, Time magazine says. He was perhaps the magazine's most quoted writer of all time.
The pilot was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart, police say. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a knife blade.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" wins the Pulitzer for general nonfiction.
Americans on the United States' no-fly list will now be given the opportunity to dispute their status, the Justice Department says. The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process.
Korea's buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations. This particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat, most notably SPAM.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two.
Report: Full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower overall risk to the public. Only two major airports in the U.S. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors. The TSA and most airports could not afford 100% employee screening, the report says.
Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey, was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center and survived.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a "hard-partying college frat boy who discovered the seriousness and complexity of America's racial problems while posing as a black man"On his website, AlmostBlack.com, he says he hatched the plan in 1998 after realizing in college that his grades weren't good enough to get into med school as an Indian-American. He says he joined an organization for black students and applied to schools using his middle name, JoJo.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University. He was a series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus"Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions during the season finale.
It was a busy week for trending stories. A prom-poser accuses administrators of racism.
A mom wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children. The fabric didn't include two of the female characters from the movie: Honey Lemon and GoGo. Springs Creative, the company that makes the fabric, responded that boys don't want girl characters on their things.
This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide. President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Hundreds of people have been confirmed dead and hundreds more have suffered injuries.
Ohio has gone from 89 cents in its rainy day fund and an $8 billion shortfall to now having one of the nation's strongest state budgets and a nearly $2 billion surplus.
Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf are back on "The Big Bang Theory"Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in this underrated Chuck Lorre drama.
Joel Burger and Ashley King met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois. Burger, now 24, and King, 23, were asked to stand as student council representatives in fifth grade.
CNN's John Sutter is reporting on the 2-degree threshold for the rest of the year. Vote on which of these climate change stories you like best - and he'll report on the winner.
Jon "Bones" Jones is the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion. He is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in New Mexico.
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault. A 15-year-old has also been arrested, according to authorities. The beating was caught on surveillance cameras and a cell phone camera.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution. The ten include two Australian citizens Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran -- members of the so-called "Bali Nine" smuggling ring.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race in Mobile Bay, Alabama.
Betty Whitehead Willis, the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign, died over the weekend. She was 91. Willis never trademarked her most-famous work.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head. She posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft.
Tickets for Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao fight will go on sale on May 2 in Las Vegas. The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000. Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee for the highly-anticipated bout.
Strippers are invited to perform at funerals, often at great expense, China's official Xinhua news agency says. The practice has been going on for some time, the report says. Exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in China.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples. That's a shift from a Pew poll conducted last fall, which found just 49% thought businesses ought to serve same-sex couples.
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East hoping to make it to Europe. A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued from Friday to Monday, according to the Italian coast guard. A Save the Children spokesman says the group fears 400 migrants could be missing.
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder. Survivors and those who lost loved ones will attend at least part of the trial.
Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti, which borders Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia. For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life. One young man at the camp comes over on crutches to show his disfigured knee.
Video shows a mom smacking her son in the head for apparently taking part in the Baltimore riots. Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media.
CNN's Mark Morgenstein and Ingrid Formanek are in Kathmandu, Nepal, to report on the aftermath of the earthquake. They say there's some damage to houses and buildings, but it's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake of 2010.
Gunshots fired at rapper Lil Wayne's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta. No arrests have been made, and police are looking for suspects.
"No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors," Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's lawyer says. "We are asking you to punish Jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life," David Bruck says.
Kathmandu, Nepal, was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years. The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably, taking into account that many rural areas, just as badly affected, have yet to be evaluated.
"I want them all to go back home," Rev. Jamal Bryant says of rioters. "It's disrespect to the family," he says.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda, officials say. His wife says she is still searching for answers about his death.
Irwin Horwitz, an associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, says he will fail the entire class. "Enough was enough," he says in an email to students.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's campaign is trying to make her seem like less of a big shot. He says it's hard to underestimate the task at hand, but it's also hard to figure out whether it's actually going to work.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series. The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets.
India began planning a massive aid mission within hours of the earthquake in Nepal. On Sunday alone, India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. India's PM Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, is an off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service. He is charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offers to resign amid a growing political scandal. Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation. Lee and seven other politicians with links to the President are under investigation.
Aftershocks, including a strong one Sunday, are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside. "We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," says climber Carsten Pederson.
Sonit Awal was at home in Muldhoka, Bhaktapur, east of the capital Kathmandu, when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through Nepal and neighboring countries. The house collapsed, burying the child, leaving his father frantically searching for him amid the rubble.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest, the military says. The armed forces could not immediately confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the 200 schoolgirls the militant group Boko Haram kidnapped in April 2014. Boko Haram, a militant Islamist group, has been kidnapping females for years.
Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Malala Yousafzai. The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
Ravi Opi, Kavre District, Nepal is only 30 kilometers (20 miles) east of Kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours. Maili Tamang, 62, is alive, but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life. Mahesh Koiraba, 31, lost his only daughter, Prati, who was killed as their house collapsed.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed for drug offenses in Indonesia on Wednesday. Their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta at the highest levels. But the Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days, reports CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson. Few think Vice President Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Ohio Gov. John Kasich is more visible of late, and makes no secret that he thinks he is the most qualified.
Australia is appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia. The executions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states and those who control the coercive apparatus of the state.
Baltimore investigators handed their files on Freddie Gray's death over to prosecutors Thursday. The state's attorney's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate. No reports will be made public, police commissioner says.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a British journalist who asked personal questions about his past. Julian Zelizer: Downey seemed to misunderstand that the interview format gives journalists the right to ask questions. He says the entertainment industry is about entertaining people, and we tend to like to watch actors who want to be watched.
A man and a woman are arrested in Oberursel, Germany, on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack. The couple had ties to radical Islamist circles in the Frankfurt area, a terrorism researcher says. The suspected target, according to Florian Flade, was a bike race planned for Friday.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress. Julian Zelizer: Abe arrives in Washington at an opportune time to help along the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Les Moonves' waiter, Gabriel Salvador, is an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods"Salvador will be ringside at Mayweather vs. Pacquiao on Saturday night.
Kim Bok-dong was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea to support the war effort. She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl -- no woman -- should ever have to do. "My only wish is to set the record straight about the past," she says.
Up to 200 people are feared missing in a landslide in Langtang National Park, trekking association says. The death toll has now climbed above 4,600 in Nepal, officials say Tuesday evening.
Residents of Melamchi, central Nepal, stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead. The mission, a joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team, is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's massive 7.8-magnitude quake. The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice.
"I'm going to put myself out to pasture in the not-too-distant future," judge says. Judge Jerry Baxter says he's tired of dealing with the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal.
"The Ridiculous Six" stars Will Forte, Taylor Lautner, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro, Nick Nolte, Luke Wilson and Rob Schneider.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead. The cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments from the Zulu king. Unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor.
The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is changing its uniform from blue to white. The change is part of an effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency," IMPD says.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Apocalypse"The "Newsroom" actress will join James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence in the movie. "Apocalypse" hits theaters May 27, 2016.
Photographer Laurence Rasti is a Swiss-born Iranian photographer based in Geneva. The small town of Denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran who are now in limbo.
Jeremy Renner was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"He got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. "Listen I've got powers too, and they're pretty sweet," he crooned.
ISIS fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul. The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"There is some evidence to suggest that ISIS may already be operating in the country.
Marilyn Mosby, 35, is Baltimore's chief prosecutor. She is deciding whether criminal charges should be filed against Baltimore police officers in the death of Freddie Gray.
Jared Leto plays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"The Oscar winner put on white makeup and a lot of tattoos to portray the Clown Prince of Crime.
Jay Z's new music streaming service, Tidal, launched last month. There's been chatter that the service is underwhelming, and Jay Z's tweets denying that were met with derision.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday. A majority of them are Nepalese, Indian and Chinese residents, but a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers.
Marion "Suge" Knight pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run. He is accused of running over two men during an argument in January in Compton, California. He faces up to life in prison if convicted.
Stephen Hawking has teamed up with Monty Python to recreate "Galaxy Song"The song is from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life"Hawking's version is available for download.
The Basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders. The Basij has not been caught up in the fight against the feared Islamic extremists currently waging war in Iraq and Syria. Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS.
Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to "Fifty Shades of Grey" will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. As of today, 70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess.
Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of People magazine's list. The Oscar-winning star of movies including "Gravity," "The Blind Side" and "Crash" is 50.
Diana, Princess of Wales, was a rare breed: stunningly beautiful, immediately accessible, witty, charming and endearingly mischievous. Diana's name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over, and whichever side of the fence you're on, the moniker seems an almighty burden.
Linda Thompson says she would not have married Bruce Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"She says she forgives Jenner for those years and hopes that his life will get easier now.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, a Vermont senator, is now running for president. Julian Zelizer: He's a progressive, holding his seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent, although he votes with Democrats on major issues.
Julian Zelizer: It's time for liberals to look local. It will take a lot of work by Democratic voters and activists to change the numbers on Capitol Hill so that liberal ideas stand a chance of passing.
Rescuers pull 15-year-old boy from the rubble of a building in one of Kathmandu's hard-hit neighborhoods. Pemba Tamang was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace, was blanketed by dust and had the look of a deer in the headlights.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq is a freelance graphic designer based in France. Each image represents different feelings at different points in time, he says.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday. The jury was sent home Thursday because a juror was sick.
Mui Thomas was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. She's thought to be the fourth oldest person alive with the condition, the oldest is 31. Mui's struggle to come to terms with her condition and other people's reactions to it has left her on the brink of suicide.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning. Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery"The awards are set to be handed out June 7.
Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration. He says Libyan authorities had not been consulted and military action would not solve the problem.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. At the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. Now, officials say the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to Juarez.
Shinzo Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility. Abe's stance on history is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea and undermines bilateral security agenda. Abe is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest.
The town of Damasak had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation. A provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess the level of destruction.
The Golan Heights is home to 41,000 residents, including Jews, Druze and Alawites. Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war.
Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, former U.S. Army soldiers, were convicted of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the Brinks Armored Car robbery.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca dismisses allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing in Buenos Aires. The 1994 bombing is the deadliest terror attack in the country's history.
April 27 is Freedom Day in South Africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994. The day is widely seen as marking the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid. This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of recent anti-immigrant attacks.
Kathmandu, Nepal, was hit hard by a powerful earthquake on Sunday night, killing more than 2,000 people and injuring many more.
13,000 personnel from 14 countries are taking part in Joint Warrior exercises. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary. CNN was invited to spend a day aboard one of the vessels taking part.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, lives a zero-waste life in Atlanta, Georgia. She composts, makes her own shampoo, toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products. The key to making it all work is an enormous amount of preparation.
Mocha, a pure bred fawn-colored Doberman pincher, ate watch heads, screws, metal pieces, three watch heads and some chewed leather straps. MSPCA sees dozens of cases each week of dogs ingesting foreign objects.
The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7. The Progress vehicle does not present any danger to the International Space Station due to a significant difference in orbit.
LZ Granderson: Baltimore riots could just as easily have been Baltimore this week. LZ: Images of young people all over the country -- often facing physical danger, discipline from parents and suspension from school -- propelled the civil rights movement into the national spotlight.
Kate Parker is a photographer whose daughters are now 6 and 9. She hopes her series, "Strong is the New Pretty," will inspire parents to find creative ways to capture their children's lives.
Adult coloring books are on the rise in the U.S. market. "Secret Garden: An Inky Treasure Hunt & Coloring Book" is at No. 3 on Amazon. "The Mindfulness Colouring Book: Anti-stress Art Therapy for Busy People" is No. 8 on Amazon UK.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, a new study finds. The increases are driven largely by women's drinking habits as social norms change, researchers say.
Roseanne Barr says she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21. The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes to 21. Gov. David Ige's signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.
Jean Nidetch, founder of Weight Watchers, died Wednesday at her home in Florida. She was 91.
Roseanne Barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma, two eye diseases that can steal vision. The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60, with some people, especially African Americans, at higher risk in their 40s.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing risk of back and knee injuries. Spieth maintained a stable low back and integrated core strength as the foundation for expressing his swing mobility. Try these three yoga-based moves to address the key areas of the swing.
142 people have tested positive for HIV, with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results. This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of a few thousand people.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away. She gives her friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates. Cheryl's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"As a 19-year-old telephone operator, Keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening Post.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines.
Cassandra C., as she is identified in court documents, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families. She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in Obergefell v. Hodges. The case could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry. Chief Justice John Roberts has a solid conservative record and would seem unlikely to support same-sex marriage.
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds. Iowa has about 60 million laying hens, according to the Iowa Egg Council.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops. The worst architectural losses have included the majestic Shiva temple pagoda and its twin.
Susie Clark found a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas. The diamond is the largest found at the park so far this year.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most, he says. Over millions of years, the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina, raising mountains to heights of several miles.
Ben Powers played Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times"He also had a regular role as "Moochie" on the CBS detective drama show, Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer.
Gorkha, Nepal, is a district northwest of Kathmandu near the epicenter of Nepal's devastating earthquake. The hospital campus is overflowing with patients, and most of the injured are taken care of by attentive doctors and nurses. The injured are not from the town of Gorkha, which lies near the top of one of the numerous mountain ranges.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited Malik Ghat, a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India, for his project "Flower Man"The project is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals.
Irwin Horwitz accused his students of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting"Texas A&M says Horwitz remains an employee and that no one has asked him to stop teaching. "I will stand by what I did, but I'm not career suicidal," he says.
Aiko Chihira is an android designed to look and move like a real person. Toshiba says it has 43 motors allowing it to move, speak in sign language and even sing. A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix for Mercedes in Shanghai. Reigning world champion Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel finishes third to keep pressure on Mercedes.
Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, according to his wife, Kathryn Jacobi Dysart. Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor, and stage star.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. Leslie Morris is described as Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years.
Frida Ghitis: President Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century: radical Islam. She says the results of the Obama White House's innovative efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical Islam in the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia.
E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female. The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26. Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un may not be feeling completely secure in his position, says Julian Zelizer. He says a nervous, unpredictable, inexperienced leader with access to nuclear weapons is far from a laughing matter.
Julian Zelizer: Corinthian Colleges shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses is a positive development. He says Corinthian is one of the worst of the "predator colleges" -- schools that offer dubious degrees, saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up billions of dollars.
LZ Granderson: Some people blame President Obama for racial tension in America. He says it is more convenient to say the violence began when rioters threw bricks at police and not when a city's Police Department began terrorizing residents. LZ: Soul searching, as the President suggested, is something that needs to be had by all.
Freddie Gray was arrested by Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident, police say. Less than an hour after he was detained, Gray slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Maickel Melamed is battling muscular dystrophy. He was born with the disease, which causes progressive weakness and loss of muscle mass throughout the body.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month. CEO Håkan Samuelsson said Volvo planned to sell 1,500 Chinese-made S60 Inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Jeffrey Dahmer and another man in 1994. He says he did it because of Dahmer's creepy sense of humor, which included turning prison food into fake limbs.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations. He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit to coincide with Victory Day.
Google's traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, automobile accidents, stalled cars, and through its "traffic cop" feature, the presence of law enforcement.
Peter Schweizer's new book, "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich," is out May 5.
China overtook the United States as the world's largest car market in 2009, but sales of electric and hybrid vehicles still lag behind the U.S., where more than 100,000 were sold last year. For others, the hassles of buying and owning a car have become too much and affluent city dwellers are spurning cars.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge" led by high school students. The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" movies, set in Los Angeles, where people barricade themselves in their homes at night.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home in Kathmandu, Nepal, when the 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck. Her husband Mahendra, a butcher, said he called out for help for hours after the quake, as he could hear her shouting in the rubble.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation. John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York topped the list of airports with the most claims of thefts from luggage, followed by Los Angeles International, Orlando International and Miami International.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"It will look at the rise of the cast, including John Stamos, Bob Saget and Ashley Olsen.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week. The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the two prior eruptions.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise. The film stars Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident in 2013. Critics say it's a "high-octane orgy of some of the most exhilarating stunts ever put on film"
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a cool and sophisticated creation. Director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle.
Alondra Luna Nuñez, 14, was taken from her middle school in Guanajuato, central Mexico, on Friday. A Houston woman claimed she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. The girl was sent to the United States before her identify was positively confirmed.
English actress Michelle Keegan is named the sexiest woman in the world by British men's magazine FHM. The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series "Ordinary Lies" and the long-running British soap opera "Coronation Street"
Lois Lilienstein, co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" has died, aged 78. The show ran on CBC in Canada from 1984 to 1989, before continuing in reruns on Nickelodeon stateside until 1995.
Andrew Lesnie worked with director Peter Jackson on the six "Lord of the Rings" films. He also worked on the remake of "King Kong" and "The Lovely Bones"He was inducted into the Australian Cinematographers Society Hall of Fame in 2002.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel announce the arrival of their son, Silas Randall Timberlake. Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather Bill Bomar, who died in 2012.
Johnny Kemp is best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid"The singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay, Jamaica.
Koch Industries will remove a box on job applications that asks about convictions. Ruben Navarrette: This is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records. He says it's one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on skills and qualifications first.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from "a dominant and a subordinate relationship"John Avlon: Just as with the rest of America, the Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics.
Kabul is a city transformed, swollen in size but shrunken in scope, anxiously awaiting what comes next. On Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war.
Andy Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland. The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe uses the desert of Western Sahara as a backdrop for his project "Toy Soldiers"The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s. Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on how images of war will be consumed in the future.
Percy Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her," "Warm and Tender Love" and "It Tears Me Up""When a Man Loves a Woman" became a standard, covered many times -- Michael Bolton took it to No. 1 in 1991.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets. Delta Air Lines came in second place with 5.6 million award seats; United Airlines ranked third with 5 million U.S. award tickets; and American Airlines was fourth with 3.5 million.
Gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed for adultery. Gulnaz's plight disappeared from the world's gaze once she was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon. She was introduced to her attacker in the shelter where CNN first interviewed her upon release from prison.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore. An attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Etan Patz, 6, in 1979. The case sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company in New York, snapped the lucky shot. "It's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," she says.
Japan plans to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India.
Toya Graham told CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360˚" that she saw her son with a brick in his hand, and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it. "I was so angry with him that he had made a decision to do some harm to the police officers," she said.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded in clashes with Turkish forces. Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting in the eastern city of Agri.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands.
NEW: Doctors Without Borders leader: "A mass grave is being created in the Mediterranean Sea and European policies are responsible"Malta's prime minister accuses human traffickers of risking lives by putting people on rickety ships in unpredictable waters.
Creflo Dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650. He says the devil is trying to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally.
Manny Pacquiao-Floyd Mayweather fight won't "save" boxing, says John Avlon. Avlon: If we just wanted blood and pain, we wouldn't bother with the tame violence of pay-per-view fisticuffs.
At least 35 people are killed in a bus crash in southern Morocco, state and local media report. The bus collided with a fuel tanker, causing a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame. The dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition, an eyewitness tells 2M TV.
Marleni Olivo had written a message on a mango, along with her name and phone number. She got as close as she could and, as the bus passed, she tossed the fruit at Maduro. In a video that has gone viral in Venezuela, Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch takes the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control.
Ben Affleck lobbied PBS producers to remove any reference to his slave-owning ancestor. Ben Affleck's great-great-great grandfather was Benjamin Cole, a slave owner in the mid-1800's. Julian Zelizer: Affleck and Henry Louis Gates Jr. did the right thing.
Malaysia's prime minister orders an investigation into the crash.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change. Julian Zelizer: Obama refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point. Obama credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans "a lot" healthier, he says.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"They are awaiting execution for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot.
Sofia Vergara's ex-fiance Nick Loeb is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated. "I wanted to keep this private, but recently the story broke to the world," he wrote in an op-ed.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting. The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages.
President Obama revealed that a U.S. drone strike had killed two aid workers held hostage on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. Julian Zelizer: There is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions.
This week, a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band The Slants sought to protect its name. A bureaucrat at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office decided that "Slant" was disparaging to Asians, he says.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata. An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel, the Italian Navy says. Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa.
Gunman walks into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He shoots the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities say. The school was placed on lockdown, and the gunman remains at large.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing. A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats.
Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought, say scientists. Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface -- and may come from its molten core.
Netflix has ordered a "Full House" reunion special, followed by a spinoff series. The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure, who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner in the original series. John Stamos will produce and guest star.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. Gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen, officials say. The move is meant to reassure allies in the region, a Pentagon spokesman says.
Yemeni city of Aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want. The city is not fully in the hands either of Houthi rebels or forces loyal to ousted President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending, the Secret Service says.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, Alaska Airlines says. He told authorities he had fallen asleep, the airline says. The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public. The game will be televised on the MASN regional cable network. Major League Baseball is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history.
Wisconsin rallies to beat Kentucky 71-64 in the NCAA men's basketball Final Four. Duke beats Michigan State 81-61 in the other semifinal.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. His opinion, issued in November, goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans. Critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight.
New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream. The beer will be salted caramel brownie ice cream, to be precise. Both companies have a history of social activism.
Mercury is the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. The MESSENGER probe is about to crash onto the planet's surface.
Houthi rebels call for peace talks, but only after a halt of attacks, a spokesman says. Saudi-led coalition says a new initiative is underway, Operation Renewal of Hope.
At least six people have been killed in attacks against foreigners and their businesses in South Africa. The attacks started after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. Some citizens have accused African immigrants of taking jobs from citizens and contributing to a high crime rate.
ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation, says Arie W. Kruglanski. Beheadings have galvanized international opposition to the group -- and helped attract foreign recruits to the ISIS cause.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says. The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains unresponsive, Cissy Houston says.
James Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings, and that is his legal defense and court plea. Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday. Holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd, killing 12 people and injuring 70 others.
An Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on U.S. troops in Jalalabad, an Afghan police chief says. An Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, the official says.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott in South Carolina.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard. Moammar Gadhafi threatened to "turn Europe black" if Libya did not enjoy cordial relations with the European Union.
Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole was attacked by four South Africans in broad daylight in Johannesburg. Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on his camera. "They wanted one thing and that was to kill Emmanuel. They wanted his blood and nothing was going to stop them from doing that," he says.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested by police in Baltimore on April 12. He was carried in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in, according to authorities. The case raises at least three legal issues:.
Mohamed Mohamud, also known by aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere, is the mastermind of the attack, Kenya's Interior Ministry says. Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for Thursday's attack, the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East. The country's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets. Iran has often dismissed the coalition air campaign as ineffective, while praising its own strategy.
"Thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, the Rev. Jamal Bryant says. "These are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children," he says. Baltimore native Kevin Shird says the term has "been racialized across America"
Dr. Mehmet Oz, a cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host, has been criticized for promoting "quack treatments"Dr. Oz soldiered on, with his university and hospital continuing to stand by him, and with Harpo Productions and Sony fully behind his program.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba. He was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of planning the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in India. He posted bail totaling 2 million Pakistani rupees (more than $19,000), according to reports.
Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity when a deputy U.S. marshal walked toward her, grabbed her phone and smashed it with his foot. The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. Paez filed a complaint Wednesday with police in South Gate, just south of Los Angeles.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in Monte Carlo Masters final. Serbian world number one extends winning streak to 17 matches.
Suzanne Crough played youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom "The Partridge Family"The show aired from 1970-74.
Buhari's victory in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics. He says Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites.
"The Breakfast Club" was filmed at Maine Township High School District 207 in suburban Chicago. "It's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes," superintendent says.
Mohamed Badie, leader of Muslim Brotherhood, sentenced to death by hanging, along with 13 members of his group. 36 others sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for "lost" wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. Julian Zelizer: That 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated.
Bob Greene: Major League Baseball had a problem on its hands with the Baltimore riots. He says the Orioles and Red Sox game between the two teams was postponed due to "ongoing public safety issues"Greene: Without fans, does baseball mean anything?
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. The movie was a spoof of the Arthurian legend. It was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
Jeff Green had open heart surgery after a routine physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm. Green is now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.
LZ Granderson: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon. He says police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "moment," and it's also because we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it.
Journalist Gao Yu is convicted of revealing state secrets and sentenced to seven years in prison. The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9" to an overseas Chinese-language news organization. The document revealed the Party's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy.
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic marijuana. "Spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala. Kanye West and Kim Kardashian stepped around her as they moved down the line. The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi.
Hillary Clinton announced her presidential bid on Sunday. There were over 3 million views of her announcement tweets in one hour.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London, his lawyer says. Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden.
North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. Julian Zelizer: This number is not significantly larger than conventional open source estimates of 10 to 15.
Microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to doorsteps of people that need it. Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979, but the vaccination effort continues.
Rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years. In South Korea, myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% myopia in 2011.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day. Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should announce she would take a 23% pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, Denver police say. The TSA called the incident deplorable, but it's unlikely criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim.
The revised training materials are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the New York Police Department's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional. If approved, the new training materials will be integrated into the class curriculum for the current class of cadets.
Iran's supreme leader says he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he has "never been optimistic about negotiations with the U.S."U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz says it would take six months for sanctions to be lifted.
At least 150,000 people have already fled Ramadi since Wednesday morning, an official says. Ramadi is the capital of Anbar province, Iraq's Sunni heartland.
Muna Mansour and her family are among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals from the area. Muna was on a ship chartered by CNN to reach the port city of Aden, in Yemen, where fighting broke out around her.
A postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds.
Scientists say new research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night and then keep it from freezing.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week. The focus will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers. The show comes at a turning point for China's auto market, which is facing a second year of slower growth.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order. The new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability. Human Rights Watch's Brad Adams says the move marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Letterman's last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20. Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern and Steve Martin are among the guests.
Cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino.
The $16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant. It was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government" and protecting a "Yemeni constitution and elections"Peter Bergen: Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government," its constitution or its electoral process.
350 migrants are being held in a facility just outside Tripoli, Libya. One-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa. They denied they were heading to Europe and told CNN they just want to go home.
At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing. Helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain Monday amid growing concern for the groups.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. "I didn't do it," Hernandez says as he is transported from the courthouse to a state prison, according to a law enforcement source. "Odin was my only son," Lloyd's mother tells the court.
University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans. "People were urinating off the balconies, throwing up in the elevators, making suggestive and sexual comments about veterans with their service dogs," an organizer says.
Samantha Goga, Natali Villarruel and Umber Rahman are members of the Midwest Vikings.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. Pluto is 1,400 miles wide, roughly half the width of the continental United States.
On April 12, 1945, a copygirl at the Chicago Daily News was a second assigned to the city desk. The telegraph editor, George Dodge, jumped up so quickly, his swivel chair crashed into a glass-fronted bookcase.
New wave of violent Islamist groups proudly brandishes medieval methods of cruelty through modern technology. But there is something very different about the way they treat women, says Frida Ghitis. She says ISIS and Boko Haram are enslaving women and incorporating them into daily life.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The governor of the Virgin Islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013, without his knowledge.
The Altamura Man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993.
ISIS is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world, says Peter Bergen. ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power, he says.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September, the Vatican says. The trip will come months after he helped negotiate a thaw between the two countries.
Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president, says Julian Zelizer. Zelizer: She is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties and, for the moment, almost unchallenged.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of "Roots"The miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers in 1977. LeVar Burton, who portrayed Kunta Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce.
LZ Granderson: Baltimore riot is a reminder that "we the People" are the authors of every page of Baltimore's story. He says both longstanding structural racism and personal irresponsibility are on display this week.
Archaeologists found a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross. The true cross is a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people.
Underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size. Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for the remains of the plane.
Some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city. Others are left to rebuild or repair after Monday's rioting.
DC, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls. The characters include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
Ben Affleck says he didn't want a PBS documentary about his family to include a slave-owning ancestor. Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots"Julian Zelizer: Affleck should have shown the courage to stay in an uncomfortable place.
A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man. Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight, and within minutes Scott was dead.
Hillary Clinton released a video on Sunday announcing her run for president. The video is filled with women -- young, old, black, white, Asian and Latina -- getting ready for life in the working world. Clinton often says there's no better time to be born female than the present.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. He sued the administration of then-President George W. Bush to challenge the legality of his confinement.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and "make Washington work for families again"Warren says she feels that Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation.
LZ Granderson: Baltimore is 65% African-American, police department is 50% non-white, mayor is black. He says police are in a no-win situation, and when things go wrong, they go wrong fast. LZ: Even if there were no racist or brutal cops, this wouldn't solve the greater problems of the ghetto.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty. Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges.
Tuesday will be the next opportunity for SpaceX to launch a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft. SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform, or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship, in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida.
The boat was charted for us by the Djiboutian Coast Guard. It was almost double the distance of the direct route, and it felt like we would spend an eternity on board.
Jamal al-Labani is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen. He was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says.
David Frum: Supreme Court justices practice politics as much more than law when it comes to same-sex marriage. He says the Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers.
Syrian man says he would have done anything to get to Europe. He paid a smuggler $6,500 to take him across the Mediterranean to Italy by sea.
Vladimir Putin spoke for three hours and 55 minutes during a nationally broadcast annual Q&A session. "Sanctions are sanctions," he said.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states. The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is on the faculty at Columbia University. A group of 10 doctors from across the country sent an email to the university expressing disapproval that Oz is there. They accuse Oz of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his TV and promotional work. Oz says he will address the issue on his show next week.
A Lamborghini sports car crashed into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway. The driver, Tavon Watson, 24, lost control of the vehicle, the Florida Highway Patrol says.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, along a canal. She tried to repel a bee and let go of their stroller, which rolled into a canal, police say. Keslar went into the canal and tried to rescue her sons, authorities say.
Tornadoes touch down near Dallas on Sunday, causing street flooding. There are reports of damage, including many roofs ripped off.
Beijing-backed election proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. Pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto the proposal, describing it as "ridiculous"Hong Kong has become increasingly polarized over the last few years as the city fights over political system.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. Australian PM Tony Abbott calls the executions "cruel and unnecessary"Indonesia's president says "our legal sovereignty must be respected"
Toya Graham pulled her son away from the scene of a riot in Baltimore, yanking him away with her fists and a few slaps.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," Obama says. Iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges. The United States and the European Union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country's economy.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11. This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
Lee Min-bok is sending copies of "The Interview" across the border from South to North Korea in balloons. He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen. The decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is to avoid confrontation with North Korea.
A second person has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot, police say. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, Prime Minister Tony Abbott says.
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan. An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost was among the 64 people wounded, police say. No other organization has so far claimed responsibility for the attack.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photographer behind Instagram's most liked photo of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. The Liverpool native has amassed over 25,000 followers on his personal account.
Officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far away to take a shot at the suspect, KVOA reports. The Marana, Arizona, police department has defended the officer, saying deadly force was justified.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) will launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana. JWST is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. The new telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters (about 270 square feet) and a golf ball of gold.
Liberland is the world's newest micronation, founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be. A tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land, marked on maps as Gornja Siga, abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness. For decades, trans people, as many transgender people like to be called, rarely saw themselves represented in popular culture.
Sculptor Jonty Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist. The 45-year-old's "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret," he says.
The 117 migrants, mostly from sub-Saharan Africa, arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday. The group, which included 31 women, was composed mostly of Nigerians and Gambians. The tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in Africa and the Middle East.
Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals Bobby Drake, aka Iceman, is gay. The character is best known for his appearances in "X-Men," as well as the 1981 animated series "Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends"
Sally Kohn: "I see signs of a revolution everywhere. I see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers, and on the state ballots in nearly half the country"Kohn: For the first time a majority, 53% favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes. She says the word revolution, comes from the Latin revolutio, to "turn around"
Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in the U.S. It's only 66 proof, or 33% alcohol -- less than most whiskeys.
Discovery of the body of a 3-year-old girl leads to the arrest of her teen sister, police say. The 4-month-old was taken to Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center in suburban Las Vegas, authorities say. Police say the parents may be in California with five other children.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. The fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with two female rhinos at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in central Kenya. Experts are resorting to science to try to sustain the species.
The death toll rises to 3,218, a government official says. India has reported 56 deaths, and China another 20, the government says. "Communal kitchens have been set up for cooking," a survivor says.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern India. The incident took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state. Forest officials near the town of Tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees. The forest officials, who were unarmed, called for police.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted. He is accused of working with his brother to set off bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon. The defense has maintained that Tsarnaev fell under the sway of his older, more radicalized brother.
John Moynihan is a former U.S. Army Ranger who was honored at the White House for his heroism in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter. He faces a felony charge that could land him in prison for up to four years if he's found guilty. Video shows Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting on April 2.
Italian authorities arrest 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea, police say. The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. The 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police said.
Marana, Arizona, police chief says deadly force was authorized. Video shows a police car running into an armed suspect. The suspect, Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged.
A 2-year-old boy was struck and killed by a van at a birthday party in Milwaukee on Sunday. His brother, 15, and the driver of the van were also killed by bullets fired by the same man, police say. "Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life," the boys' grandmother says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. He was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged he was yanked from the car, handcuffed and choked.
The International Organization for Migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress. A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya, and the number of potential victims is not clear.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris, police say. The suspect was a possibly PCP-addled felon who had tried to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting.
The shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance. There are some of the stark differences in the cases, the lessons learned by both police and the public, and concrete changes.
Mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead, aid group says. Two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, were killed, authorities say.
Freddie Gray's death has inflamed tensions across the country. But Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody.
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted a Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan. "All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she wrote.
SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942. It was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver. It sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others at a Colorado movie theater in 2012. Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao set to fight in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated bout have sold out, but there are still some on sale on secondary sites. A ticket at ringside will cost you $180,000, according to StubHub.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. The former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty.
Robert Boardwine's friend Joyce Bruce used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. She thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent, according to court documents. Boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted. He is accused of 30 counts, including setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event.
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouts into a megaphone. "We will get to the bottom of it, and we will go where the facts lead us," mayor says.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students. She asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew..."
North Charleston, South Carolina, police chief: "I was sickened by what I saw"Mayor Keith Summey says the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "so every officer on the street" in the city will have one. A video shows Officer Michael Slager, who is white, firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott.
University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams. An Omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi. That's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas. It is a trophy to sit alongside Olympic gold and the world and European titles.
World's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals. Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend the event, which boasts an $8 million budget. Germany's Daniel Deusser is both the defending World Cup champion and the new world No. 1, unseating Scott Brash.
Ronen Ziv had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother. Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children. Companies that help arrange surrogate pregnancies estimate 25 couples are now in Kathmandu.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has an opportunity to do right by these women, he says.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit, Guitars Over Guns, pairs middle school students with professional musicians. He says his group has seen more than a 90% increase in academic performance and school attendance. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Anuradha Koirala rescues victims of sex trafficking. Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence.
Jody Farley-Berens started a nonprofit to help single parents with cancer. Singleton Moms has helped more than 300 parents in the Phoenix area. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
On Thursday, NPR ran an update on the unrest in Baltimore, saying African-Americans "targeted Asian-owned businesses for destruction"Sally Kohn: There's little evidence to suggest that Asian businesses have been actively targeted out of racial animus.
Jordan Spieth wins Masters title at Augusta National. The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par. Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie, 14, who was not able to attend the tournament.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days. He broke his shoulder when the boat flipped and couldn't repair the mast, which had snapped. He drifted in the Atlantic, rationing food and water until his shoulder healed.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage. By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history. Julian Zelizer: California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the limits of planet Earth.
LZ Granderson talks about marriage with a group of journalism students from his alma mater, Kent State University. LZ: "I see a lot of people get married too soon or stay together and are unhappy because they are afraid to be alone"In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once, he says.
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he was arrested for robbing a bank after shooting up heroin all day. "I had nothing to my name, and I didn't know if anyone else in the world even knew I was there," he says.
As many as 1,600 migrants have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea in the past 10 days. The crisis has been brewing for years, but it is now truly upon us, he says.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel. The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," a geologist says. The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches (60 centimeters) in some places.
Erica Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Winston is expected to be a top pick in the NFL Draft, which begins April 30.
Gaetano Cortese is a 27-year veteran of Italy's Guardia di Finanza (Finance Police)The Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, Italy's southernmost territory. In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, a South Korean lawmaker says. Intelligence officials say Kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or views at variance with his own.
Taylor Swift's mom, Andrea Swift, 57, has been diagnosed with cancer, the singer says. Swift: "I'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private"#PrayForMamaSwift is a trending hashtag on Twitter.
At least two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property, police say. Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police. Protesters are upset over the apparent lack of information, and a police union's comparison to a "lynch mob"
Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students. He says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie. "I want to show you," he says, "tell the truth to the world"
India's Narendra Modi and China's Xi Jinping are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations. Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, while China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth. Modi has issued his call to "Make in India," encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in India where there is a vast talent pool and low-cost production.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet. The system has been developed by DARPA's Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance program.
Sarah and James Brady pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. James Brady, President Ronald Reagan's press secretary, was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto says the U.N. has three months to relocate refugees from the Dadaab camp or "we shall relocate them ourselves"Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed a Kenyan college this month, killing 147 people.
Greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic near Alaska. They plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days.
Vladimir Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television. The annual Q&A session is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students. A third source says three students were killed at the Al Bastain School in Maitam, in southwestern Yemen.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was a former top deputy to Saddam Hussein and a key figure in Sunni extremist groups. He was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture -- the "King of Clubs" in a deck of playing cards used by U.S. troops.
Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel. The single-seater aircraft took off from Abu Dhabi on March 9 and has successfully flown through Oman, India, and Myanmar.
ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law, even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation of that Islamic law. The ISIS Health Department runs hospitals for anyone feeling ill, not just wounded fighters.
The five activists on women's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before March 8. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. "I can't hide my happiness for the women but being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal," says Li's lawyer.
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's 2013 rape claim, lawsuit says. Both parties have spoken publicly about their experience.
President Obama and Raul Castro met Friday night at a dinner for Latin American leaders. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night. He was being held on a charge of curfew violation, according to Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon. SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival." He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage. Chief Justice John Roberts -- who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold Obamacare -- this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
Freddie Gray's arrest and death in Baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. But it's unclear how Gray, who was arrested on a weapons charge April 12, suffered a severe spinal cord injury.
The United Nations is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
William Melendez is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner. Floyd Dent, 57, was arrested during a traffic stop in Inkster, Michigan, in January. He was charged with drug possession, assaulting an officer and resisting arrest.
China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces. Concern that China could match U.S. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship.
Guenter Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend, his publisher says. Grass' novel characters are the forgotten, the downtrodden and the weird, Nobel committee says.
Feidin Santana recorded a South Carolina police officer fatally shooting a fleeing, unarmed man. "I witnessed everything," he tells CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360˚"Santana has said he feared for his life, which almost kept him from revealing the recording.
The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed. At least 4.6 million people in the region were exposed to tremors from the quake, the U.N. says.
Yuhei Takashima says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women over a quarter of a century, police say. Police seized 147,600 photos that he took of his activities over the years, a police officer says.
Pappy Van Winkle was reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in October 2013. A grand jury indicted "nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft... and illegal trafficking"
Protesters are pushing for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff. Police estimate 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, police say. Freddie Gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, police commissioner says. Gray died Sunday, one week after Baltimore police arrested him.
CyArk is a non-profit company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture. CyArk uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar -- a portmanteau of the words light and radar.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015, rising from third to first place in this year's list of the world's happiest countries.
President Obama and Cuban leader Raul Castro meet for an hour on the sidelines of the Summit of the Americas. It's the first time the two nations' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years. "It was time for us to try something new," Obama says.
The number of migrant deaths in the Mediterranean this year has increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year. Italy estimates that up to 200,000 migrants in Libya are waiting to cross, following 170,000 refugees and migrants who arrived in Italy last year.
Edwin Sabuhoro was a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park, home to the endangered mountain gorilla. He decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living -- a plan that didn't include killing wildlife. He took all his savings and divided it to poachers to rent land, buy seeds and start farming.
ISIS operatives execute two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, in Libya. The Ethiopian government confirmed Monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups, according to the Ethiopian News Agency.
Ernst Haas was an Austrian photographer who passed away in 1986. He was a member of the Magnum Photos cooperative.
Record stores are a vanishing breed, another victim of the digital age. Record Store Day is an annual celebration of your neighborhood record store.
Mohamed Morsy was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison. He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters outside the presidential palace in December 2012. He stood trial with 14 co-defendants, including some of his presidential staff.
Obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels. Dr. Lee Green, professor and chair of the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Alberta says he routinely uses obsidian blades.
Several terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law. That means anyone who doesn't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- Christians included.
Egyptian court sentences 71 people to life in prison for their role in the burning of a Christian church. The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob, some of whom chanted against Coptic Christians and called for Egypt to become an "Islamic state"
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to a charge of second-degree manslaughter. He is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image. Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus, but it's inching closer.
Police meet with a man who was in Scott's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight. Scott family attorney Chris Stewart says the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend. Slager has been fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted.
Fatu Kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck. Her mother, father, sister and cousin came down with the deadly virus. She took care of all four of her relatives at the same time, donning trash bags to protect herself.
North Charleston police release dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of Walter Scott. The video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott. A witness says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. The Cleveland Clinic introduced new gowns after being prompted by the CEO. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services increasingly factors patients' satisfaction into its quality measures.
Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college in Caledonia, Michigan. Ben, now 34, and Shelby, 30, were married and raising little Maeve, 3, and baby Hazel, 3 months, when life suddenly turns upside down. Shelby's version of brain cancer was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of her brain. Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "terminate" them.
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on using laser beams to affect the weather. Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for several years. Laser seeding can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation.
Aaron Hernandez is convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. "None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value," his attorney says.
ISIS released more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced. Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
At least 25 people have been arrested in the U.S. since January.
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into physical altercations with police. At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she is profoundly disappointed by the violence.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University. He has created a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. The Batsuit has made appearances at conventions and proved a showstopper among his fellow students and faculty.
Mary Jane Veloso was arrested in 2010 after $500,000 worth of heroin was found in the lining of her luggage. Indonesian President Joko Widodo says the decision was the result of the Indonesian government's desire to cooperate.
NEW: Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations. NEW: More than 60 people were arrested during the demonstrations, a law enforcement source says. Demonstrations also were held in Boston and Houston.
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker"Aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues. She is self-taught and uses online editing and voice software.
A small group of Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha. Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq -- recent estimates put the number as low as 300,000.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday. The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the United States' founding fathers in the War of Independence. The original Hermione was assigned to a French nobleman, who fought as a general in George Washington's army against the British.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient as described in this story. Gupta washes up using sterile water and iodine poured from a bottle rather than hot water from a scrub sink.
The Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies are providing first aid to the injured. The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance, the Embassy in Nepal says.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the beating of a suspect in San Bernardino. Sheriff John McMahon says criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect. Ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave, he says.
Nepalese authorities are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected, how they are affected and what the priorities are. Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
Rishi Khanal, 27, suffered a crushed foot and was too weak and distraught to talk about his traumatic experience. Khanal's story of survival isn't the only one to emerge from the terrible destruction wrought by the quake, which has killed more than 5,000.
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire. The use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset Turkey.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two mass graves, an Iraqi official says. The remains will be sent back to Baghdad for DNA tests to establish identify, he says.
NEW: More than 100 people are arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally. Demonstrations are planned for Thursday in Cincinnati, and a "Philly is Baltimore" protest will take place at Philadelphia City Hall.
Dalton Prager and Katie Donovan met on Facebook. Dalton Prager had cystic fibrosis, Katie Donovan was 18, and both were on oxygen. Dalton had Burkholderia cepacia, which makes transplants more complicated.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the U.S.The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
Michael Slager, 33, is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Walter Scott, 50. Slager pulled Scott over Saturday for a broken taillight, according to authorities. The video shows Scott running away, with his back to the officer, as he does so, two objects fall.
Ella Jones and Wesley Bell win seats on Ferguson City Council. Bell says he wants Ferguson's police officers to be judged by the number of people they know in the community, not by tickets they issue.
ISIS and al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front have taken control of 90% of the camp, activists say. The United Nations estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp that has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria. No illnesses have been reported.
Walter Scott was the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard. His brother Anthony Scott: "He was outgoing -- loved everybody, (was) very known in the community and got along with everybody"
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel. The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its very popular Angels line.
Many Clouds wins the Grand National by a length and a half. Leighton Aspell is the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses.
The Sewol ferry sank on April 16, 2014, killing 304 people, mostly high school students. President Park Geun-hye has called for the salvage of the Sewol's wreck "as soon as possible"
Students at Ibnu-Siina school in northern Kenya are getting a so-called "Western" education. Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region.
An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol and shot himself, police say. The Capitol area was crowded with tourists taking in the Cherry Blossom trees along the National Mall.
At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on Tuesday and early Wednesday. Two people shot in the neck and another in the leg, a city spokesman says. There is a suspect in custody in the latter case, a 20-year-old male from St. Louis County.
Lockheed C-130 Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. Lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary B-52 bomber and famous U2 spy jet.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is famous enough by now to go by one name, but should she? He says despite her decorated career in government, we've long called Clinton by her first name, and her first names only, in a way we don't do with men.
"Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen. Paramount Television has turned several of the studio's hit films into TV series.
Blackwater workers Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard are sentenced to 30 year each, plus one day. Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to a term of life in prison, mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction. Blackwater lost its $1 billion contract with the State Department to protect American diplomatic personnel in 2009.
Grand jury decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of a schizophrenic man. Jason Harrison, 39, was shot five times, including twice in the back as he crashed headlong into a garage door.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen. The U.N. Security Council meets late Saturday morning to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation.
Air India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen, an official says. Some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as Aden.
At least 147 people were killed in the attack at Garissa University College, officials say. One student says she hid inside a wardrobe for nearly an hour before the gunmen came for her.
NASA chief scientist: "I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade""We know where to look. We know how to look," Ellen Stofan says.
The New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world in terms of leasable space. Opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of the country, the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day. It was classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall" and became an unflattering symbol of China's runaway speculation.
ISIS fighters seize several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi, an official says. Ramadi is about 70 miles (110 kilometers) west of Baghdad.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are on death row for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot. Seven others who took part in the operation are serving lengthy prison sentences for trafficking the drugs.
Brynn Duncan, 21, was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a connective tissue disorder that causes fragile skin and overly flexible joints. Her mom, Melissa, a paralegal by day, dons a mask and surgical gloves before disinfecting the area around the tube.
Around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes, UNICEF says. More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence.
NEW: Service to Liberty Island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday. NEW: About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds. The Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club, a recreational marijuana dispensary in Colorado. The couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010, but when Colorado became the first state to allow the sale of recreational marijuana, they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity.
U.S. troops will leave Jalalabad, Afghanistan by the end of next year, making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire. It is a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms, ammunition, even fuel.
Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests against President Dilma Rousseff. Protesters say Rousseff should be impeached for failing to halt the corruption at Petrobras. Rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of valid votes in October.
Iraqi forces, aided by Shiite militiamen, took control of the northern city of Tikrit. Iraqi forces found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped, CNN's Arwa Damon says. Iraqi prime minister: "The enemy has been defeated, and it has lost all its capabilities"
Patrick Cherry is an NYPD detective assigned to the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force. He faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral. "If the conversation initially went differently, we probably would have shook hands," Cherry says.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the roof of Japan's equivalent to the White House. Police say the drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle containing small traces of radioactive material. The discovery is raising concerns about the potential for terrorism involving drones.
UltraHaptics creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound. Technology creates sensations through an emission of sound waves, projected through the air and to the user. Changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces, creating invisible -- but tangible -- interfaces.
Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage at CNN, which means she manages our newsgathering and newsroom in Washington. She is a lifelong Catholic, but she has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
Google Maps has been at the center of a few April Fools' Day pranks. This year the company rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law. The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce and sports organizations like the NCAA. Santorum: "Tolerance is a two-way street"
China has launched a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping. The app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from. Xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people.
Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger when he's on trial for murder. Aaron Hernandez is a former rising star for the New England Patriots.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California. Mitchell, 71, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997. Some of her best-known songs are "Big Yellow Taxi," "Help Me" and "Free Man in Paris"
Nearly 60% of the people in America's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time. Many low-wage workers don't even know their weekly schedules until the last moment, they say.
"We need to talk about the bright futures cut short," says Boniface Mwangi. The attack at a university in Garissa on Thursday killed 147 people, mostly students.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran, insisting again and again it can't be trusted. He took his case to the U.S. Congress last month over the objections of President Barack Obama.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Al-Shabaab opened fire at a college campus in Garissa on Thursday, killing 147 people and injuring 79 more. The number of people killed in the attack is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt, many are saying security is still not tight enough.
An Indian team plans to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms (more than 8,000 pounds) of waste from Mount Everest. The mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and the Tibet region.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani says Iran will stick to its promises in nuclear talks. He says the deal shows Iran's commitment to removing a major "obstacle... for business" by addressing the world's worries about its nuclear program.
Regina Agyare runs a coding club in Nima, a slum in the Ghanaian capital of Accra. Achievers Ghana is a non-profit organization supporting 250 girls between the age of six and 18. Its goal is to break through social barriers and provide Nima with a generation of female role models.
Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country. 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor.
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, describes how she and her roommates hid under their beds, until the gunmen called them out. "I was scared so much," she recalls. "I didn't want to open my eyes"President Uhuru Kenyatta calls Al-Shabaab an "existential threat to our republic"
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing.
Tuesday's self-imposed deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone. The deadline is June 30, when the parties must figure out a comprehensive deal -- with all the technical details and diplomatic impasses fully worked out.
Germanwings Flight 9525 slammed into the French Alps after co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ignored warnings. Pilots' groups point to numerous instances where a pilot's training and perhaps unconventional thinking saved lives.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia's Far East. Of the 132 people on board, 78 were Russians and 54 others were foreign nationals.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his family says. He was known for his musical parodies, including "St. George and the Dragonet" and "That's Rich"He won a Grammy Award in 1959 for best performance, documentary or spoken word.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence says the state will "fix" the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA, so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians. Julian Zelizer: If people of good will come together, liberty and equality can both be saved.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend. It is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 (including Imax locations), eclipsing "Despicable Me 2"
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents when Smith fell and hit his head. The couple asked a photographer to edit Smith's picture into a family photo. The photo has become a social media sensation.
Indiana's religious freedom law has sparked controversy over whether it is a copy of the federal law. The debate over religious freedom and gay rights is always heated, but also because the interpretations and motives behind the law can be questioned. Here are five things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy.
The statue in Celoron, New York, has been likened to Conway Twitty, the snake from "Beetlejuice" and actor Steve Buscemi. A resident of Jamestown, where Ball grew up, started a Facebook group in 2012 to get rid of the statue.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes. Nigeria is the biggest economy and most populous country in Africa; it is also one of Africa's largest oil producers.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran on Friday morning.
Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev, Akhror Saidakhmetov, and Abror Habibov are charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
The total eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row, known as a "tetrad"It's the shortest such eclipse of the century.
There is fertile ground for rumor-mongering in Turkey. The government's increasingly heavy-handed repression of public dissent, combined with overt censorship of the media and the internet have contributed to a hyper-polarized political atmosphere.
LZ Granderson: McDonald's raises wages for 90,000 of its employees is a victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers. But he says it leaves out the vast majority of McDonald's workers, ignoring the employees who work at franchised McDonald's restaurants. He says McDonald's and other companies need to stop trying to prevent workers from speaking out together in a union.
Gov. Jerry Brown imposes mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms. The 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water over the next nine months.
Britain's elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis. Voters put their "X" next to the local stooge/aspiring public servant from whichever political party they support. Queen Elizabeth II is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge.
This Easter we reflect upon the crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking, harassment, bombing and displacement of Christians.
Three Ferguson, Missouri, city employees either resigned or were fired in connection with the emails. The emails were discovered during a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police and judicial system. The city's top court clerk, Mary Ann Twitty, was fired, officials said.
Two people have been arrested in Australia after at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush. Two Bundaberg residents, a 71-year old man and a 64-year-old woman, each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm. Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller described the discovery of the carcasses as sickening.
Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. is in Nichols, Wisconsin, and Memories Pizza is in Walkerton, Indiana. Memories Pizza in Indiana made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding. "My stomach was in my throat all afternoon," Mike Premeau says.
Skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found. The remains were uncovered by archaeologists exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007.
Andrew Getty, grandson of J. Paul Getty, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles. A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating with investigators.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed his plane into the French Alps on March 24, killing everyone on board.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the Student News Roll Call.
Kamron Taylor, 23, is accused of assaulting a guard at a jail in Kankakee, Illinois, on Wednesday.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK, CNN affiliate WJXT reports.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program. The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper. The talks this week were historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship.
An improvised bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern Somali city of Garowe. Four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF are among the dead, the agency says. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
Prince Harry is in Australia to spend four weeks with the country's military. The 30-year-old is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales," from his official title and name, Henry of Wales.
Australia has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran, the country's foreign minister says. Julie Bishop says the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS.
Tests on the flight data recorder show Andreas Lubitz used the controls to speed up the plane's descent, the BEA says. A German official says Lubitz's actions amount to "premeditated murder," a European official says.
Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder, subject of an Interpol "purple notice" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes. The Bob Barker, supported by a second Sea Shepherd vessel, pursued the Thunder all the way to the Gulf of Guinea. Crew rescued from the Thunder handed over to the Sao Tome coastguard early Tuesday.
Huntley High School's blended learning program merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. In 2015, the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its 2,700 students.
Kenya launched airstrikes against Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, a military source says. It's not a retaliation for the Garissa attack, the source says, but is part of ongoing operations that started in 2011. Kenya's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre began, an official says.
Pope Francis spoke at the end of Easter Mass. He asked for peace in Iraq and Syria and for humanitarian aid to get to those in need.
Duke University students and faculty members march Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid"Duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose, which was found near a student center at 2 a.m., to call police.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week, state-run Saudi Press Agency reports. Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a neutral security official says. Yemeni special forces, considered pro-Houthi and loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, arrive in Aden.
Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai is an ancient tradition in the region. The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
Charlie Hill, now 65, was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary. He may extradite himself first, says he may end his "exile" on the communist-run, Caribbean island.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on this page.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on this page. The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Misao Okawa was born on March 5, 1898. She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Missouri National Guard used highly militarized language to describe protesters in Ferguson, Missouri, last year, documents show. The National Guard came to support law enforcement officers, whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force.
Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, group spokesman says. The attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the building. Five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside, a Somali official says.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army. He was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army. After the war, Margolin settled in Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria. Malala Yousafzai: We should all feel shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity.
Norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out FM radio in two years' time. On FM, Norwegians can only find five stations. On the Digital Audio Broadcasting network, there are four times that number.
O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879, after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at Como Bluff, Wyoming. Paleontologist Elmer Riggs concluded in 1903 that it was a young Apatosaurus, and therefore must go by that name. Emanuel Tschopp, a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led the study.
Al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. AQAP is one of several factions fighting to control Yemen.
"My flight is not a secret," Florida postal carrier Doug Hughes wrote on a democracyclub.org website. "The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC and more importantly, to present the solution(s) to the institutional graft," he wrote.
Rio de Janeiro officials have launched an investigation into the causes of dead fish in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon. The dead fish have appeared in the lagoon and in other lakes and bays in the state in which this phenomenon has occurred.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent 30 years on Alabama's death row. He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent. The state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nigel Farage, Nick Clegg, Natalie Bennett and Leanne Wood all took part in the debate.
Eleanor Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband, Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku, for several years. A New York judge has said the social media site is an acceptable way for a Brooklyn woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce.
Dr. Sergio Canavero wants to put an entire head on a new body, a human body. The first human whole head transplant is expected to take place in 2017.
Anthony Stokes carjacked someone at a mall, kicked in the door of a home and fired a shot at an elderly woman, police say. Stokes lost control of the car, hit a pedestrian and then a pole, a police spokeswoman says.
The attack began with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. at the Kenyan school's front gates. The attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus, with the Red Cross saying they stopped at a girls' dormitory. At one point, they burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages, said a lecturer.
Freddie Gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department.
A decade ago, "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe, he says. He says the rise in consumer knowledge has led to an increased demand for sustainably sourced food.
The right-to-die movement has gained momentum in California and around the nation. Three states -- Oregon, Washington and Vermont -- already have laws allowing physician-assisted deaths.
Saudi special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles, a Saudi source says. Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden. The United Nations says 519 people have been killed in the past two weeks.
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with murder and torture in the deaths of two of her children. Her daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, 13, and son, Stephen Gage Berry, 9, were found dead in a Detroit freezer last month.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his Miami training base. He is confident Ukraine can forge a democratic future rather than slide back towards a Soviet-style dictatorship.
Michael Keaton hosted "Saturday Night Live" this weekend. Keaton paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman"Fans also delighted in a cameo from "Walking Dead" star Norman Reedus.
Kamron Taylor is on the lam after being convicted of murder. He beat up a guard, put on his uniform and took his keys, then walked out of the jail's door and into the officer's car, authorities say.
Detective suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid. Surveillance video appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the store.
Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. is a 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London. Police say it is believed that 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary.
South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the war with Iraq.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation and we'll keep greed within bounds. The idea of sustainable development is that an economy must satisfy all three principles.
The U.S. relies on Russian technology to meet its national security obligations, says Julian Zelizer. Zelizer: We rely on the Atlas V rocket, which is powered by the Russian-made RD-180 rocket engine.
Malala Yousafzai writes an open letter to the kidnapped schoolgirls of Chibok. She calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls. The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban.
South African troops deployed Tuesday evening in Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday. Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media.
Providenciales in Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for world's top island. Ambergris Caye held the top ranking for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration. The movie will take place in between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Episode IV: A New Hope"Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details.
Iran and six world powers agree to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action"For many Iranians, the historic decision is an indication that this year's Norouz, the Persian New Year that started on March 21, will be a superb one, says Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafizadeh. Rouhani's team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of ordinary Iranians, he says.
Two African-Americans are elected to the Ferguson City Council, meaning three of the six council members are black. This is the first city election since white police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
Police say a 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people at a bus stop in the French Hill section of Jerusalem. A magistrate court has issued a gag order on details of the incident.
Lauren Bacall's 750-piece art collection goes under the hammer in New York on March 31. Collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday. A day later, Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed near his home.
New law will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of same sex and between a man and a woman. Couples will have greater rights in the realms of property, health care, pensions and inheritance.
The Everglades in Florida is a test for the future of the planet, says CNN's John Sutter.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading critical articles from Western news websites. But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday. They've developed a new IT weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders, including in the United States.
Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans, a prosecutor's spokesman says. But medical records reveal that Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy, he says. Lubitz, 27, passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in 2014, a German aviation source says.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says. More than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing, WHO says.
Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in 1995. Julian Zelizer: The bombing exposed something new: American citizens targeting their own government with a deadliness unseen.
Charles Alasholuyi has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag, have his colleague take his photo with it, and post it on CNN iReport. He says he does this to help give the families of the girls a voice.
Barney Frank was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office. Julian Zelizer: "We're winning" is a phrase I've heard a lot recently as it pertains to LGBT rights.
Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the U.S. designated as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008. It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state, according to the Council on Foreign Relations.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down. #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March. The university says the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue.
Since civil war broke out, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says. That's the number of Syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid, according to the U.N.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, which left three dead and more than 260 others injured.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday. The door will remain in the possession of the Khan Younis police in southern Gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined.
The Saudi-led coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis and supporters of Yemen's longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh, a Saudi source says. Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in Amsterdam Arena friendly on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals for Holland. But manager Guus Hiddink slammed home fans for booing Andres Iniesta after his arrival in the 76th minute.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF)Fans twice invaded the pitch during Georgia's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi on Sunday. UEFA also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks.
New regulations on becoming a football agent will come into effect on April 1. Anyone can become an agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal. Already established licensed agents were exempt.
Maksims Uvarenko joined CSKA Sofia on an 18-month contract in January. The Latvian goalkeeper has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to pay his rent. CSKA have already issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home in Burnley, Lancashire. He punched Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from St John's Primary School. Moore then jumped out of his car and punched the father through his open window. He then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim's vehicle with it. Finally, he armed himself with the hockey stick from his home, and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him'Moore admitted assault by beating, destroying £100 worth of fencing and damaging his car. He was given 16 weeks in prison, suspended for two years and ordered to pay £650 compensation.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored the goals for the Dutch. Spain lost 5-1 to Holland in the group stage of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with her seven-year-old daughter Kaia. A day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Three separate areas of heathland - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed. Two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, are being held by police on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour. This is more than three times as many as on a normal night. The busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form. The 27-year-old has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground. Photographs taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn.
The Liana's Ransom was on its way to St Maarten in the Caribbean with nine crew members on its first voyage of the season when it lost power. The crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner, according to a press release from the Coast Guard. Crew member Luke Arbuckle shorted the jump as the two boats tilted away from each other.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast. The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches. Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light. A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014.
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad, India. He shouted 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' as he ran towards the animals, shouting 'I was drunk and thought I'd stand a good chance'
Boy fell from the window while sleepwalking, according to his father. He landed on a car parked underneath the building in Nanchang, Jiangxi, China. Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt.
Drew Miller says he's'very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye'The Red Wings lost 2-1 to the Ottawa Senators on Tuesday night. Miller said he wanted to come back for the third period of the game, but the team said he will likely return Thursday.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. Atletico Madrid are considering re-signing him in the summer. The full back has struggled to make the left back position his own.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final win over Bradford City last month. He did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards. Sumner is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches. He said he had no regrets about the incident, adding that he had done it for 'laugh'
Footage shows the moment a van carrying football supporters starts weaving from side to side on a busy road. Half a dozen men were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
England have been drawn with Holland, Italy and Ireland at the European Championships. John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending champions, having defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta. Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached. The African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing Premier League games on foreign TV channels. He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches, and opted instead to show Albanian transmissions. But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago, when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence. Mr Thorpe launched an appeal against his conviction soon after his trial, but the case was delayed by a similar test case which went as far as the European Court of Justice.
Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday night. Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in their Euro 2016 qualifier at Windsor Park on Sunday. Michael O'Neill's side face Romania in their next qualifier on June 13.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during their FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night. The talented student was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week when she was killed. She was knocked down by a white BMW M3 sportscar and pinned against a wall. The car then careered head-on into a double decker bus, which was travelling at 80mph. Man, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. The Harris County Sheriff's Office and Harris County District Attorney's Office are now investigating.
Stoke City are hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic despite his contract ending. The Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium. Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes believes they can match his ambitions.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand. A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines. Bus company boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
Winston Reid will be fit for West Ham's Premier League clash with Leicester City. Enner Valencia will not be available for the Hammers due to a toe injury. Sam Allardyce feels Nigel Pearson has received unfair criticism in recent months.
Brittany Huber, 23, and John Redman, 25, were driving from Dalton, Georgia, to her hometown of Mobile, Alabama when Redman lost control of his Lexus in a rainstorm in April 2014. The car blew a tire, hydroplaned and smashed into a bridge column on Interstate 85, killing the 23-year-old bride in impact. Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home, confined to a wheelchair. The Dalton Roadrunners beat Westmont College of California 71-53 in Kansas City on March 24.
Lucas Leiva played 90 minutes in the All-Star Charity game at Anfield on Sunday. The Brazilian is hoping to take advantage of Steven Gerrard's absence in the next three games.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers next to their fathers leaping into the air. The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing. The white male suspect has greying black hair and wore glasses and was captured on camera inside the bank.
Morocco can now compete in the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations. The North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million by the Confederation of African Football. The CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation after the country pulled out due to fears related to the Ebola epidemic.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. The 19-year-old recently won his first full cap for Belgium in a Euro 2016 qualifier against Cyprus. Former Celtic captain Tom Boyd believes he is ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City next season.
Andros Townsend scored in 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. The 23-year-old says naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have bought 20 per cent of Atletico Madrid. The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday. The deal was initially announced in January but two EGMs were needed in order to ratify the deal.
Antonio Conte returned to Turin for Italy's 1-1 draw against England. Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for the Azzurri on Tuesday night at the Juventus Stadium. Andros Townsend equalised 11 minutes from time to earn England a point. Conte guided Juventus to three Serie A titles during his time as manager.
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Hibs have the easier run-in to the Championship season. Rangers still have two matches to play against title winners Hearts, including Sunday's match at Ibrox. Murray's side are 14 points clear of Cowdenbeath at the top of the table.
Simon Mignolet had been with Belgium squad for Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. The 27-year-old posted pictures of himself in an aeroplane cockpit on his Facebook account. Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League.
Chyknell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, is on the market for £6million. It was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since, but is now being sold by estate agents Knight Frank. Property also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables, library, wine cellar and billiard room. It is thought the Regency home could attract A-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand. The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus. The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall, while one of the two campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of them.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis. The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park.
Borussia Dortmund host Bayern Munich in Der Klassiker this weekend. Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them. Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table to 10th.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. Teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head. Mr Potts was killed when he tried to break up a fight outside a sports bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear. Robson admitted manslaughter and was jailed for three-and-a-half years at Newcastle Crown Court.
Ellen White scored and missed a penalty for Notts County against her former club. Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost run into each other during the free kick. Chioma Ubogagu scored a debut goal to earn Arsenal a point.
Girls at Huizhou Integrated High School in China are being taught self-defence techniques. The girls aged between 16 and 18 are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan. The school has purchased 250 of the knives, which have a plastic retractable blade and are entirely safe.
A study has outlined that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours, with a range of seven to nine. Any less than six hours or any more than ten hours is unusual for the standard person.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. The clip, uploaded to Facebook today, show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The woman then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. The men swoop on the lady and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands, sending her sprawling onto the ground.
Valencia left back Jose Luis Gaya has a buy-out clause of £13.5m. Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old. Gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity. Valencia would rather do business with an English club than Real Madrid.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape. West was arrested and charged with menacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon.
Ron Vlaar will return for Aston Villa against Manchester United on Saturday. Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth as the club battle relegation. The 30-year-old played a starring role in Holland's run to the World Cup semi-finals last year.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover. Randy Lerner is understood to be in discussions with a prospective buyer. Aston Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that Manchester City are looking to invest in homegrown talent. The club's young Academy players are not yet ready to step into the first-team squad, according to City manager Manuel Pellegriñas. The likes of Jason Denayer may soon find themselves returning from loan deals to fill the gap. Current Premier League regulations require clubs to carry a minimum eight homegrown players.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's 2-0 win over Burnley. Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson put Birmingham City ahead in the first-half. Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham United in the 48th minute. The Millers boss Steve Evans was left fuming on the sidelines after his side were denied a penalty.
Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk has never been capped by Holland. Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer, who made his debut for Belgium against Israel.
Celtic face Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden. The Scottish FA have already come under fire for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on April 18. Parkhead club have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at £23 for the North and South stands.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations. Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected and that planned investments will still take place. Sandy Easdale claims the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for the Azzurri in the first half. Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side during a much-improved second period.
Arabtrust and Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3m worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties. The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's new manager on Friday. The 39-year-old replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February. Locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season. The former Hearts boss has been given a three-year deal at Rugby Park.
Five-year-old Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. The country's biggest basketball star so far has been Yao Ming.
Bayern Munich left-back David Alaba has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. The 22-year-old was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina. Bayern face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals later this month.
Hull KR have signed Dane Tilse from Canberra Raiders on a two-and-a-half-year deal. The 6ft 7in forward will link up with his old team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain. Tilse is a like-for-like replacement for Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey.
Livingston face Alloa Alloa in the Petrofac Cup final on Sunday. Midfielder Darren Cole was left heartbroken after the death of his cousin, Shaun. Shaun Cole, 22, was found dead in a Miami street last weekend and is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during Manchester United's FA Cup defeat to Liverpool in 2006. Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for Celtic. The Scottish champions are considering a £400,000 bid for the former Rangers and Liverpool defender. Hearts owner Ann Budge insists the newly-promoted Edinburgh club have no need to sell. Ronny Deila admits Wilson is among the potential central-defensive reinforcements.
Ronny Deila says Celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season as they look to qualify for the group stages of the Champions League. The Norwegian says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer’s commitments. A return to America for this July has not yet been ruled out.
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich. Franck Ribery says De Bruyne is the wrong type of player for the Allianz Arena. The 23-year-old has scored nine goals and 16 assists for Wolfsburg this season.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested last month on domestic abuse charges. His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7. Less than two weeks after the incident, Langley publicly recanted her story, claiming that mood swings made her lie about being assaulted.
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front of a little boy. The little boy was wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back. Verlander uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel. The 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five of Chelsea's games this season. Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Would-be drug smugglers were roasted when police discovered marijuana hidden in a leg of lamb. The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory. It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north. The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold, about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of marital home' in Yorkshire with wife of 14 years, Gemma. The 35-year-old tried to kill himself in December, two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered left knee. The incident has left the former Burnley defender with scars all over his body. Mr Carlisle played 131 times for the Clarets between 2007 and 2012.
Andros Townsend came off the bench to score the equaliser in 1-1 draw with Italy. Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Merson said in his Sky Sports column: 'If Andros Townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody'The Arsenal legend admitted he was wrong to criticise the England call up for Townsend.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday. The 27-year-old was given just four out of 10 by one Spanish newspaper for his performance. Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his playmaker in the Premier League run-in.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning. Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands, while a 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held. They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to designer clothes and shoes. Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, research claims. Swansea shoppers are most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging as soon as they are paid.
Arsene Wenger believes the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore. Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
Queens Park Rangers face West Brom and Aston Villa in the Premier League. Charlie Austin says QPR can't afford to lose their next two games and must pick up four points.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius. He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear.
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A. Massimiliano Allegri replaced Antonio Conte last summer.
Bradley Johnson fired home a second-half winner at the Amex Stadium. Nathan Redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention in this tightly-fought encounter. Norwich were inferior for pretty much the rest of the contest but needed only this flash of inspiration to keep their Championship promotion hopes on course.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. Artist Dave Poulin has declined to comment on the controversy surrounding his work.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke is at the centre of a homophobic accusation after posting an offensive comment on social media in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans. The 27-year-old made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on Saturday in a bid to track down the young Rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in Sydney. The rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the Easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised. But the good Samaritan is now under investigation by the NRL integrity unit over an alleged homophobic slur after Luke hit back to the taunts, saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters'
A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. The video, titled ‘Nothing worse than opening your car door and feeling something furry’, has already garnered over 100,000 views on YouTube and 12,000 shares on Facebook.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Kane scored on his full international debut for England against Lithuania last Friday. Kane is nearing the 30-goal mark after an outstanding season for Spurs.
Michael McIndoe was declared bankrupt in October last year with £2.4m in debts. The 35-year-old played for Bristol City and Wolverhampton Wanderers and was known as 'Mr Big'He lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he is now'surviving on handouts'
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona are interested in signing Paul Pogba. Pogba has been strongly linked with a move to Paris St Germain this summer. Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea are also interested in the midfielder. Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is in the best form of his career.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night. They said that the pair had argued inside the home after Currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl. The dispute moved outside the home and then Currier allegedly hit Oliver with the car - he was taken to hospital.
Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs including Liverpool and PSG, according to his agent Stefano Castagna. The 25-year-old's contract expires at the end of the current season.
Video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada. The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Lee Cattermole will return to the Sunderland starting line-up for Sunday's derby clash with Newcastle United. Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery on his knee. Steven Taylor, Paul Dummett, Cheick Tiote and Siem de Jong also out for Newcastle. Newcastle have seen nine goals scored by substitutes in the Premier League this season; more than any other side.
Rory McIlroy is aiming to complete a career grand slam at the Masters. The world No 1 has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world - plus a few low points along the way. The video features an interview with the Northern Irishman before he became a golfing superstar. The World No 1 steps up his training ahead of the 2015 Masters on April 9.
Sergio Garcia is aiming to win his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at the Shell Houston Open. The 35-year-old finished third 12 months ago but missed the cut at the Masters. Garcia and Jordan Spieth are the only players in the world's top 10 left in the field after withdrawals of Henrik Stenson and Jimmy Walker.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes, 31, spent the money on a stag holiday in Las Vegas. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - even though the team was actually getting its property for free.
Johnny Sexton has been part of some great sides with Leinster and Ireland. The 29-year-old wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro this season.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned as ICC president on Wednesday. The Bangladeshi accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but ICC chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says he is 'his own man'Allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle United manager in 2007.
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. John O'Shea wants a fifth straight win for the Black Cats against the Magpies.
Stoke City have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions and lost every time. Mark Hughes says his side must end their poor record at Stamford Bridge. The Potters have not claimed a point there since a 1-1 draw against Chelsea in 1984. The Blues have won 11 and drawn three of 14 home league games this season.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals. The Senegalese striker is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans. Newcastle have a points-to-games ratio of 1.37 when he plays but just 0.9 when he doesn't.
Lee Cattermole has missed Sunderland's last two games through suspension. The midfielder missed the 1-0 defeat to West Ham United on March 21. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has confirmed he will definitely start against Newcastle on Sunday. The Black Cats are just a point clear of the relegation zone with eight games remaining.
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition. The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14 when they faced AC Milan, Ajax and Barcelona, they won one match and earned £12.6m. If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday in the Premier League. Ben Davies and Sam Vokes were both part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0. Spurs have lost just one of their last four Premier League games before the international break.
Leeds United assistant manager Steve Thompson has been suspended by the club. Neil Redfearn is considering his future at Elland Road after the suspension.
Newcastle United host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals. John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat Sunderland. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as manager.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's methods are superior to Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall's. The Ibrox winger has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, according to Nolito. Barcelona forward is recovering from a foot injury ahead of the trip to La Liga clash. Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga, while Celta are 10th in the table.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club. Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership under Neilson's stewardship. Owner Ann Budge has set Neilson and his players the target of a top-six finish next season.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-a-week at Liverpool. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce believes a new deal could lead to Sterling's team-mates demanding more. Big Sam does not blame Sterling for trying to get as much as possible for the 20-year-old. Sterling scored his first goal for England during the 4-0 win against Lithuania.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week. Blackpool sit bottom of the Championship on 23 points ahead of their trip to Bolton.
Tony Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer transfer market. The Baggies boss wants to bring in Neil Taylor and Bakary Sako. Tony Pulis said West Brom have 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
Theo Walcott could be on the way out of Arsenal, according to Ian Wright. The England winger has made just five starts for the Gunners this season. Walcott's contract expires next summer and he is a target for Liverpool's Raheem Sterling.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton and England. Roberto Martinez is backing the 21-year-old to become an even more influential player for the Toffees and England after negotiating second-season syndrome at Goodison Park. Everton boss believes Barkley's two substitute appearances for England against Lithuania and Italy have shown he is ready to kick on again.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put hosts in command in Saint-Lo. Fulham's Patrick Roberts scored a late equaliser for Sean O'Driscoll's side.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games. The 31-year-old has returned to the team following his return from testicular cancer. Gutierrez is determined to make amends for recent derby disappointments against Sunderland.
NRL referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an absorbing encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney during the Good Friday showdown. Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute, effectively handing the Rabbitohs the win. Two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles as they continue to investigate the incident. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack.
Kevin Sinfield is to switch codes and join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season. The former Leeds Rhinos captain has been warned he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch. Sinfield, 34, is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points.
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay with the Reds. Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke frontman Jon Walters.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given.
Homeless people read out cruel tweets that have been written about them. Clip was filmed by creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for homeless charity Humans For Humans. It is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. Several of the men and women, who all live in Toronto, break down in tears as they read the hurtful comments.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player. The Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season. That is equivalent to running from Turf Moor to Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park. Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen is second in the list.
Father, 25, and 22-year-old woman, who may be the child's parents, arrested on suspicion of murder. Baby was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been made a £100,000-a-week contract offer by Brendan Rodgers. Sterling has insisted he is not a'money grabber' and is not ready to sign a new deal.
Anderson was sent off for Internacional against Ypiranga Erechim in Porto Alegre. The Brazilian midfielder shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card. Neto also saw red after appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson in the first half. Inter's Fabricio threw his shirt to the ground and shouted 'I'm leaving, I'm leaving' after being sent off.
Incident took place in Padma Nagar, in Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai. Two youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him when he resisted. When he resisted, they set him on fire, police said. The boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns, somehow managed to escape.
Dug and his owner, Lindsay Castro, were hiking on the Jurupa Hills trail in Fontana, Canada, on Thursday when they heard a rattling sound. Lindsay backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile - and suffered the consequences. The snake bit Dug in the face, and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa. Mourinho left Real Madrid in 2013 amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players, including club captain Iker Casillas, Sergio Ramos and Pepe. Mourinho is said to be considering a £40million move for Raphael Varane.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League. Manager Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to qualify for the Champions League. Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad to face Arsenal after picking up a knock.
Inter Milan drew 1-1 with bottom-of-the-table Parma at the San Siro on Saturday. Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them into training on Sunday. The first team trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by club vice-president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio.
Paul Parker's old passport was listed on eBay for an eye-watering £5,000. The item was listed earlier in March and bidding ended on Tuesday. It is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum being quoted.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Inverness, Scotland, on Wednesday. The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic. The 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute. It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs.
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time'Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Real Madrid this season.
Tycoon Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Fox in Somerset seat. He is also spending another £30K to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent. Fox resigned from Cabinet in 2011 after revealing Fox's close friend, Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips.
Sergio Bus opened the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday in the 86th minute. Substitute Ishmael Miller equalised for Huddersfield Town just a minute from time. Sheffield Wednesday were reduced to 10 men for a spell when Joe Mattock went off injured.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday. The 23-year-old spent three months on loan at Northampton last season.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. The graph, created by Facebook, uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country to determine a winner.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer.
President Barack Obama took a break from being the real president on April Fools' Day to impersonate a fictional one, House of Cards' conniving Frank Underwood. Underwood is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience. The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of the 12-second impersonation.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during Caykur Rizespor's match against Fenerbahce. The Poland international was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem. The 30-year-old is currently on loan at the Turkish side from Werder Bremen.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger. The crash happened on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney at a traffic light intersection. Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution. NSW police said they are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws. This reckless behaviour has been reported on as early as May 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong.
Tiger Woods has been spotted practising at Augusta National on Tuesday. The former world No 1 has not played on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with a recurrence of his back problems. Woods has dropped out of the top 100 in the world rankings for the first time in 19 years.
44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media. Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton. Bosses at Radio 1 and Radio 1 Extra were sent the guide earlier this week.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of Mo Farah. The 28-year-old is the 10,000m Commonwealth champion after defending his title in Glasgow last summer. He says he was approached by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships last year. The Ugandan Athletics Federation deny the allegations.
Patrick Kluivert has helped Curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 World Cup qualification. The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida. He has been expelled from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests. His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr, who was the Democratic candidate in Mississippi's 2007 gubernatorial elections, and mother Angel Eaves told the press: 'The actions that appear in the video go against everything that our son has been taught, and we can assure everyone that his actions are not what he believes in his heart, nor are true to his character'
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara retired from limited overs cricket on March 18. Sri Lanka's sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the batsman to reconsider his decision. The 37-year-old has accumulated 14,234 one-day runs, second only to Sachin Tendulkar.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli. But the trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons.
Chris Ramsey says Tony Pulis is one of the best British coaches in the country. QPR face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday in the Premier League. Ramsey believes Pulis'maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere'
Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October. She travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany, where the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) youth movement have its headquarters.
Esteban Cambiasso joined Leicester City on a free transfer last summer. The Foxes are rock-bottom of the Premier League, seven points adrift of 17th placed Sunderland.
Manchester City are six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand. Alan Pardew believes the title race is far from over despite Chelsea's lead. City overtook Liverpool with one game to play last season and Sergio Aguero's injury-time winner against QPR in 2012 sealed the title.
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers. The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday, 3pm)Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain during Ecuador's 1-0 defeat by Mexico in a Los Angeles friendly on Saturday. Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks. Tom Carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on England Under 21 duty and might not play again this season. Tom Huddlestone is suspended while Nikica Jelavic and Robert Snodgrass remain sidelined.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11 which caused him to lose his eyesight. He decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting. He uses a special technique to help him translate his visions onto the canvas. Despite never seeing his guide dog, he was able to create this highly accurate painting.
Stoke City host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge (Stamford Bridge) on Saturday, 5.30pm. Diego Costa may not be risked following a hamstring injury for the Blues. John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem. Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for Stoke. Marc Muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games with a hamstring problem.
Stuart McCall's side face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday. Hearts have beaten Rangers 3-1 and 2-0 on three league visits to Govan this season. The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip in August, while Hibernian have also beaten Rangers. McCall believes a significant home victory over Hearts would be ideal.
Ronny Deila's side are now eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the SPL. St Mirren are currently bottom of the table and four points from a play-off spot.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016. The 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the All Blacks and can play full back, wing or centre. He has played for the Auckland Blues in New Zealand since 2012.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored as Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0. Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday. Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help Juventus beat Empoli.
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain their 14-point lead at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time. Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli. Miralem Pjanic's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn Rudi Garcia's men all three points. AC Milan picked up their first win away from home since mid-October, beating Palermo 2-1.
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move away from Wolfsburg. The midfielder is wanted by a host of clubs including Manchester City and Bayern Munich. De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal is in place for the midfielder to leave. But he admitted that a number of clubs are keeping an eye on the Belgian.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. Garry Monk's side have yet to pick up a point after an international break this term. Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat 47-point mark.
Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers. The 2002 World Cup winner is also a target for ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid star Lionel Messi. Ronaldo says he 'would pay from his own pocket' to sign Messi.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne after his latest head injury. North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last Friday's 52-30 win over Wasps, and was on Wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. North is the top try-scorer in the competition with seven this season.
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title. The Blues sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Mohamed Diame will make his long-awaited return for Hull City on Saturday. Midfielder has been out for more than four months with a knee injury. Hull are currently just three points above the relegation zone with eight games remaining.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his Southampton loan ends. The Belgian defender has been on loan with the La Liga side this season. Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga.
Swansea's Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage. The 22-year-old scored the winning goal for England Under 21s against Czech Republic last Friday. Carroll has made 18 appearances for Swansea during his season-long loan spell from Tottenham.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund this week. The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk with an injury at the beginning of last month. The French winger is hopeful he could be back for Bayer Leverkusen in midweek.
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba have all been ruled out. Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since November 18.
Michael Duff believes Sean Dyche could one day take charge of the England team. Dyche has improved Burnley's fortunes since he took charge at Turf Moor in 2012. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before taking on the likes of Manchester United.
Harry Kane will play for the Under 21s at this summer's European Championships. Roy Hodgson has confirmed the Tottenham striker will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer ahead of the championships. Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane his blessing to play in the competition.
Alvaro Morata joined Juventus from Real Madrid for £15.8million last summer. The 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches for Juventus so far this season.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games set to be affected this weekend. More than half the games will be affected by delays and disruption, forcing fans onto the roads. All routes to and from London Euston - serving the main west coast rail line between the capital and Birmingham, Manchester and Liverpool - have been hit. There will also be no trains available for the thousands of Liverpool fans wanting to get home after the Arsenal versus Liverpool match on Saturday.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby at Craven Cottage on Saturday. Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead at half-time. Alan Judge and Jota completed the victory for Brentford. Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side aren't yet safe from relegation.
The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. Chelsea vs Liverpool and Manchester United vs Arsenal are arguably the standout games from the live batch. The TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, May 24, will be announced at a later date.
The Quick Silver P-51D Mustang is some 70 years old and reconstructed from more than 200 parts by a father-and-son team. Bill and Scooter Yoak restored the plane as a tribute to American servicemen who have died in combat.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS. The company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. OAS spent 591 million reais (around £126 million) on rebuilding the old arena.
13 U.S. senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea. The lead signers were Senator Robert Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the foreign relations panel's Europe subcommittee.
The helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo. One of the victims was reportedly Thomaz Alckmin, son of the city governor. It is understood three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead.
Charlton had Chris Solly sent off for deliberate handball in the penalty area. Substitute Magaye Gueye cancelled out Alou Diarra's strike for the Addicks in the second half.
The Renault 16 was the world’s first ever hatchback unveiled in April 1965. Now it accounts for two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain and a majority of those sold in most other markets from Europe to Japan.
Juan Arango bites Jesus Zavala on the shoulder in a Mexican league match. Tijuana were losing 4-3 to Monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to the midfielder. The 34-year-old Venezuelan captain has apologised to the player after the game.
Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley. Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu. He now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues this season. There are nine teams in the Premier League who have managed fewer goals than Ronaldo.
England beat Italy 1-0 in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Roy Hodgson's side have qualified for Euro 2016 finals in France. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals.
Hull beat St Helens 28-20 in Super League clash at Langtree Park. Jamie Shaul, Fetuli Talanoa and Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook scored tries for Hull.
Sergio Barjuan has been named as the new manager of Almeria. The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was sacked on Sunday. Barbuan made 53 international appearances for Spain between 1998 and 2004.
With Easter Sunday just on the horizon, Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. 'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium. There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants. Roy Hodgson is a football man and would rather not be answering questions about fans’ behaviour.
' John' posted the advert in his local newsagents in Muswell Hill, London. It has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer-by who posted a picture of it on Facebook.
Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener on Saturday. Goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski are both out injured for Helsinborg. Henrik Larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man Daniel Andersson in goal. Andersson earned one cap for Sweden in 2001.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try as Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18. Weller Hauraki and John Bateman were sent off two minutes from time for trading punches after the pair had already been sin binned following an earlier flare up.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a Premier League encounter back in January 2014. The Crystal Palace boss has taken steps to change his behaviour.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday night. Alan Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the game at Selhurst Park. Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injuries. Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint and Mile Jedinak is suspended. Manchester City have no serious injury concerns for the trip to Palace. Yaya Toure returned to action with Ivory Coast on Friday against Equatorial Guinea.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games to play. Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. The 34-year-old was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester in European Challenge Cup. He is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in Cardiff city centre in March. He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run. Chris Ramsey's side are three points adrift of safety in 19th place in the Premier League. QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration. The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Abou Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday. Arsene Wenger has hinted that Diaby could have a future at Arsenal beyond this summer. Diaby has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career, keeping him out of action for a total of 226 weeks. Wenger said he has made it clear how he envisages the future for Diaby.
Jordan Spieth and Phil Mickelson have impressed at the Shell Houston Open. The last tournament before the Masters is proving quite a show-stopper itself. Spieth, only 21, has risen to number four in the world.
Queens Park Rangers host Aston Villa at Villa Park (Tuesday, 7.45pm)Tim Sherwood's side are without Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood. QPR are without Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young for Tuesday's game. Charlie Austin has been involved in 20 of QPR's 35 league goals this season.
Kim Sei-Young leads the ANA Inspiration by three shots. The 22-year-old shot a three-under-par round of 69 on Saturday.
Former world No 1 Tiger Woods confirmed he will play at the Masters this week. Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years. Colin Montgomerie believes it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 of Liverpool's 101 Premier League goals last season. Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each this season. Harry Kane and Diego Costa have scored more than Sterling, Henderson and Gerrard combined.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 1 will face Simona Halep or Sloane Stephens for a place in the final.
Aljaz Bedene is set to become eligible to represent the UK in the Davis Cup. Andy Murray believes British players should use the move as motivation to get better. Murray admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration at Mission Hills Country Club. Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to an end on Friday.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on April 11. The eight-year-old has run only once since finishing fourth to Road To Riches in the Galway Plate in July. Robbie McNamara will ride 2014 Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach Miami Open quarter-finals. World number one faces David Ferrer in the last eight after beating Gilles Simon. Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through after beating Kevin Anderson and Gael Monfils.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade. Wales internationals Sam Warburton and Taulupe Faletau were both on the bench. Cardiff won the Challenge Cup in 2010 when beating French outfit Toulon 28-21.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call. It wasn't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided'very believable' answers, that the police realised that they were telling the truth.
Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name some valuable screen time. The Royal Children's Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million. Twitter users were quick to notice Hugh's generous donation.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne on Tuesday. The Spaniard set up a semi-final clash with Andrea Petkovic, who beat Karolina Pliskova.
Alfonso Thomas has agreed a deal to become Delhi Daredevils coach in the Indian Premier League. Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle and is not yet fit for selection for Somerset.
Bath face Leinster in Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday. George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland last month. Bath head coach Mike Ford believes that setback could prove beneficial for his side.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6, 6-4, 6-1, in the Miami Open quarter finals. The Scot is into the semi-finals of the tournament in Florida with Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco. Murray has a message for his fellow British players who might be agitated about his imminent arrival into the home ranks.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent with the Sacramento Kings. The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans. David Wear's 10-day contract expires and a roster spot opens up.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. Interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board. Rangers also this week announced six-month losses of £2.6million for the second half of last year.
Moeen Ali injured himself during England's failed World Cup campaign. The off-spinning all-rounder is hoping to be fit for Worcestershire's County Championship match against Yorkshire. Moeen picked up 22 wickets in seven Tests last summer.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud scored for Arsene Wenger's side.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday in the Premier League. Hugo Lloris is out with a knee injury and Michel Vorm will deputise for the France international. Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm's attitude despite being behind him in pecking order. The 31-year-old played in all of the Capital One Cup games for Tottenham except the final.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match at St Mirren. The Scotland star was on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match.
Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. The majority of these deals have involved South Americans. 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds.
Lionel Messi missed both of Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot. The four-time Ballon d'Or winner faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play on Sunday. Barcelona face Celta Vigo at the Nou Camp on Sunday with Messi a 'doubt'ESPN claim Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis.
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this term. The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals for the Red Devils. River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits 'the doors are open'Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16. Rodgers was on the books at Reading where he was captain of the youth team. The 42-year-old believes the experience has helped him to nurture the talents of the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordan Ibe.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106. Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25. Brooklyn Nets beat Indiana Pacers to reclaim play-off spot. Tony Parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th NBA game.
Jamie Carragher watched his son James play in the Mediterranean International Cup. The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain. Carragher posted a picture on his Instagram account of the opening ceremony.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon. Sunderland have won just once all season and are in the relegation zone. John Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager beyond the end of the season. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has hinted he is working on a six-game rescue plan.
James Rodriguez will start against Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday. The Colombian has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining Real Madrid in the summer.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm and admitted he barely felt fit enough to play 10 minutes. Midfielder hasn't played for Bayern since March 2014, when he suffered a serious knee injury.
Kevin Theophile-Catherine has been on loan at St Etienne this season. The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million. The French club have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
Salford Red Devils beat Huddersfield 18-12 at John Smith's Stadium. Josh Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half. Carl Forster's try and Josh Griffin's penalty made the game safe. Aaron Murphy's try set up a tense finish for the Red Devils.
Salford Red Devils beat Huddersfield 18-12 on Good Friday. Salford half-back Rangi Chase could face a ban of up to eight matches after a dangerous tackle on Brett Ferres.
Andros Townsend scored a stunning equaliser for England against Italy on Tuesday. The 23-year-old has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs. He has been sent out to nine different clubs on loan by Spurs this season.
Warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of Matty Russell with a leg injury. The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners.
England had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed. Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Phil Jagielka, Jordan Henderson, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among the party leaving the plane in Manchester. Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 at the DW Stadium on Good Friday. Dom Manfredi and Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook scored tries for Wigan Warriors. Joe Burgess scored a late try for the home side. Saints suffered a second successive defeat under Keiron Cunningham.
La Gazzetta dello Sport have scored England's players out of 10 for their performance against Italy. Theo Walcott received the worst rating with a rating of five. Wayne Rooney, Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley all received seven out of ten. Italy manager Antonio Conte and Southampton striker Graziano Pelle receive high praise.
Daryl Clark will lead the line for Warrington Wolves against his boyhood club Castleford Tigers on Easter Monday. Reigning Man of Steel Clark left the Tigers at the end of last season. He says he still keenly follows the fortunes of the Tigers and hopes they do well.
Brendan Rodgers insists Raheem Sterling will not be leaving Liverpool this summer. The 20-year-old admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week contract with the club. The England star said he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold. Rodgers said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'He added that Liverpool were a'superpower' in world football and didn't have to sell star assets.
Gianluigi Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night. Joe Hart said Buffon is a 'legend of the game' and an inspiration to him.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League for Southampton since December. The 29-year-old scored against England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Pelle is the only British-based player in the Italy squad.
A group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night. Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide'The slide was closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous. A 22-year old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding while a 23-year, woman also broke her leg. The slide underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use, as long as there wasn't another downpour.
Nick Abendanon and Noa Nakaitaci scored tries for Clermont against Northampton Saints. Northampton are leading the Aviva Premiership by 10 points after the win at Stade Marcel-Michelin.
Personal trainer Rob Edmond, 36, rolled the barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire. Zara Tindall, 33, joined Edmond for the final leg of the challenge at Tedworth House Help for Heroes.
Manuel Pellegrini admits Manchester City will have to buy young talent. Raheem Sterling would fit the bill if his impasse with Liverpool isn't resolved. City have been linked with Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Everton's Ross Barkley.
National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend. The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September. The last time teachers across the country went on strike was in July, when 21 per cent of schools were forced to close.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to sign him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted him to stay in Germany. The former Real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder is now back at Dortmund.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. The couple have frequent fights which have ended in police attending the scene numerous times.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season to join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes. Sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on Saturday. Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV.
Tortoise casanovca is seen trying to mate with a female at Kiev Zoo, Ukraine. But instead of getting lucky, the blundering reptile somehow manages to lose its balance. The amusing moment was caught on camera, by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko.
A farmer has captured the adorable moment a duckling groomed a lamb's woollen coat in a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Walking around to the front of the lamb, the duck begins pecking at the lamb's head and neck.
The Glass House in Chislehurst, south east London, was built in 1951 as a secret Cold War bunker for civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack. Site was chosen due to the surrounding wooden area, which afforded it a degree of secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls. Now it has been transformed into a contemporary luxury home, complete with a swimming pool, a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine. Sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials. The couple's wedding will be on September 26, 2015, though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place.
Alliss, 84, said legislation designed to stop golf clubs discriminating against female members has instead prompted decline in women's membership. Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for discounted membership fee. But Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea at the top of the table. The last four managers to have won the Premier League have all left their jobs by the following year.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Sunday in the Premier League. Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson's pre-match team talks will be streamed live to the world. Arsene Wenger and the assembled press were told the story was a hoax on April Fools' Day.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital. Everton duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs. Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Oscar posted a picture on his Instagram account of him swigging from a bottle of sweets. The Chelsea forward has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season. The 23-year-old also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France.
Carlisle United lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley in League Two on Saturday. The Cumbrians are just two places and three points above the relegation zone. Keith Curle believes some players 'don't deserve to be professionals'The 51-year-old is considering staging an open forum for supporters.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored the free-kick that killed off Manchester City's chances at Selhurst Park on Monday. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher accused Toure of shying away from his duties in the wall during the Premier League defeat.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during their FA Cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. Ozil missed Arsenal's last game against Newcastle through illness, but will be expected to start against Liverpool.
Lionel Messi should be fit to play for Barcelona against Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Gerard Pique. Barca are four points clear at the top of La Liga after a 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month.
Greg Dyke was given a Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA during a FIFA Congress meeting in Sao Paulo during the World Cup. FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item and has now closed proceedings on the matter.
Tyler Walker came off the bench to score his first goal for Nottingham Forest. The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
Peter Alliss claims equality for women in golf has 'b******* up the game for a lot of people'The broadcaster also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage. The 2016 Open Championship will be the last to be broadcast live on BBC before Sky Sports take over.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. The song included jokes about the new husband needing to take the bins out and taking the dog for a run.
David Luiz picked up a hamstring injury during PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille. The Brazilian defender could now be a doubt for the Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks.
YouTube videos show Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
Lucy Garrod, 27, was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens, causing an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion. Doctors said the ulcer was growing on the surface of her eye, millimetres away from permanently blinding her. She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree. But she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed her degree with first class honours.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs. However, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg, the infant can barely believe her eyes. When the first egg emerges she cries for joy and with the third delivery she lets out a big scream with her arms waving around.
A video maker captured the storm from the bank of a river in Krasnoyarsk, Russia. The snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the Kommunalnyi Bridge.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills. He was filmed trying - and failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. Slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig from Erdington, Birmingham, had gone to Tenerife for three-day break. Couple were on a trip to the volcanoes when Mr Craig had his wallet stolen, which had her biometric ID, as well as their bank cards inside. Mrs Craig was meant to return to the UK on March 9, but she only arrived back on March 24 - having spent more than three times what she had planned. Ryanair refused to let her fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant.
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, grew up together as boys in Middlesbrough. The pair were inseparable as children, playing football and Playstation for hours. Mr Dodd, who was born Kevin, began his transition to become a woman at the age of 23. Miss Purdam, born Fay, started her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones. Reunite at Mr Dodd's 21st birthday party and he was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty.
Rory McIlroy is the bookies' favourite for the Masters at Augusta National. The world No 1 is bidding to complete a career grand slam at the year's first major. Three-time Masters winner Sir Nick Faldo has voiced his concern that McIlory is spending too much time on the weights. The Northern Irishman shook Faldo's hand on Monday and the Englishman gave him a squeeze on the shoulder.
Three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in Russia. The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in stable condition.
Graeme McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts at Augusta National. The 35-year-old has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his poor Masters record. McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with Augusta National's challenges.
Tiger Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday. Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open and the last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago. The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries.
Ricardo Moniz has been appointed as Notts County manager on a three-year deal. The club have been without a permanent manager since the departure of Shaun Derry on March 23. Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant, with Mike Edwards and Kevin Pilkington remaining.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke on Sunday to find an Easter egg on their doorsteps. Residents described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness' and'very Vicar of Dibley!'
Ben Crenshaw will stand in for Arnold Palmer in the par-three competition. Palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder but will be an honorary starter. The winner of the competition has never won the Masters in the same year.
Dundee United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee United's recent slide ahead of Wednesday night's Scottish Premiership derby. Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness.
Aston Villa host QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night in the Premier League. Chris Ramsey led QPR to a 4-1 victory at West Brom on Saturday. Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has vowed to give Ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries to make contact ahead of the game. Ramsey was Sherwood's closest lieutenant at Tottenham last season.
Tomas Berdych defeated Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. Eighth seed Berdch set up a rematch with Andy Murray in the last eight on Wednesday. The Czech is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu and recently started working with the Brit's former fitness trainer Jez Green.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account. The 33-year-old opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation' his agent Tony Godsick revealed. Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006.
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 in European Challenge Cup quarter-final. David Ewers, Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm scored tries for Exeter. Exeter set up a semi-final showdown with Gloucester at Kingsholm in two weeks' time.
Lewis Ferguson survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square at Wincanton on Wednesday. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls’ yard on Thursday morning. Ferguson escaped the fall and the only real pain was the cut on his nose and the banter from his friends.
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of some staggering sized prey including the likes of possums and cats. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute.
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ in financial documents seen by The Mail on Sunday. The north London club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches. Saracens now owe £41.6m, according to new filings at Companies House.
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies. The 29-year-old is fighting for a place in the England Test side with Chris Jordan and Mark Wood. James Anderson and Stuart Broad likely to retain new ball duties for first Test in Antigua.
Martin Guptill has been recalled to the New Zealand Test squad for their upcoming two-match series against England next month. Matt Henry has been called up to the squad for the first time. James Neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury. New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori after he retired following their seven wicket loss to Australia.
Jonathan Trott has been picked for England's three-Test tour of the Caribbean. The 33-year-old has been in fine form for Warwickshire and rightly deserved his call-up. Alastair Cook is confident Trott can handle the pressure of international cricket.
Alastair Cook believes Jonathan Trott is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket. Trott left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a'stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety. The 33-year-old batsman has been in fine form for Warwickshire and rightly deserved his call-up.
Barney Gibson made his debut for Yorkshire against Durham University in 2011. The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from cricket at such a young age.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport. The use of models, also referred to as 'race queens' or 'umbrella girls', has long been a feature of Formula One.
Warwickshire batsman Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up on Thursday. The 33-year-old left last winter's Ashes tour with a stress-related illness. Dr Steve Peters worked with Trott and gave him the tools to return to the game. Peters has worked with Liverpool, Ronnie O'Sullivan and the England football team.
Australia all-rounder Moises Henriques has signed for this summer's T20 Blast. Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the Indian Premier League season ends at the end of next month. Twenty-eight-year-old Henriques is capped by his country in all formats but not selected for the forthcoming Ashes.
Louis Smith will represent Great Britain at the European Championships. The six-man squad includes Max Whitlock, Kristian Thomas, Sam Oldham, Daniel Purvis and Courtney Tulloch.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach quarter-finals of China Open. World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 and will next face Robert Milkins. Shaun Murphy beat Jamie Jones 5-3 and will play Kurt Maflin in last eight.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony. Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments. Queens Park Rangers have lost 17 of their last 19 Premier League away matches (W1 D1 L17)
Jonas Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months. The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month. Newcastle suffered an injury scare during the warm-up when emergency centre-back Daryl Janmaat limped off towards the dressing-room.
Matt Upson is out of Leicester's clash with West Ham United with achilles injury. Dean Hammond (calf) is out and Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali on Tuesday. West Ham welcome Winston Reid back from injury for Saturday's Premier League trip to bottom side Leicester. Andy Carroll (knee), James Tomkins (shoulder) and Doneil Henry (hamstring) all miss out.
Kevin Pietersen has announced plans to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks. The 34-year-old is hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs. Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. The record-breaking batsman is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013.
Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund in Der Klassiker on Saturday evening. Bayern Munich are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and Dortmund are 10th.
Lyon beat Guingamp 3-1 to go top of Ligue 1 on Saturday. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty put Les Gones in control. It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain.
Roma beat Napoli 1-0 to end their four-month winless streak at home in Serie A. Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack. Napoli failed to win for the fifth straight game and remain fifth in the table.
Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win over Hearts at Ibrox on Easter Sunday. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic had the home side two ahead before McCulloch sent off. Gers boss Stuart McCall says McCulloch apologised to him and the players after the incident.
Rangers host Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in the Scottish Championship. David Templeton has been a key player for Rangers since joining the club in 2012. Stuart McCall's side are 26 points clear at the top of the Championship.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu. Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema, Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure the win. Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow was stopped for seven minutes on Sunday. The Russian Premier League match was halted due to fighting between rival fans. Arsenal Tula fans broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the East Stand where a number of women and children were sitting.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for Europe next season through Fair Play. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League. West Ham are currently ninth in the Premier League table.
David Meyler is confident Hull City will stay in the Premier League. Steve Bruce's side are currently in 15th place, three points off the relegation zone. Hull have a tough run-in with five of their last eight games against top seven teams.
Arsenal host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday (12.45pm)Everton host Southampton (3pm) while Manchester United face Aston Villa. Burnley face Tottenham Hotspur (1.30pm) and Sunderland face Newcastle United (4pm)
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti faces the dilemma of trying to fit in his array of stars into his starting line-up. Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed 'BBC' triumvirate of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Robin van Persie is out of Manchester United's match against Aston Villa with an ankle injury. Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem, but Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness. Jonny Evans sits out the fourth match of his six-game ban for spitting at Newcastle striker Papiss Cisse. Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City. Kolo Toure has warned his team-mate about the dangers of leaving Liverpool. Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair.
Chelsea have won all three of their post-international fixtures this season. Everton lead the table with three wins from three after the international break. Manchester United and Manchester City are the only other unbeaten sides.
Wasps, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are in the last eight of the new Champions Cup. The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend and are all firm underdogs. There is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year, with Clermont their primary challengers followed by Racing and Leinster.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes wants to sign Asmir Begovic to a new contract. The Bosnia goalkeeper is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer. Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The England star has been linked with a move to Arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend. Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona. The 20-year-old rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week and says he is focusing on his football. Sterling says it is not about money, only about trophies - so can Liverpool afford to not win any this season?
Ludogorets beat CSKA Sofia 4-0 in the Europa League on Tuesday. Cosmin Moti connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib cage. But the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has revealed that he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal expires at the end of this season.
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly press conference on Friday afternoon. The Liverpool manager will discuss the future of Raheem Sterling. Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club. The 20-year-old admits he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Bojan has picked his Premier League team of the season. The Stoke striker has been keeping a close eye on England's top-flight as he recovers in Barcelona. Bojan picked David de Gea, Ryan Shawcross, Branislav Ivanovic and Steven Nzonzi.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol on Saturday. He slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building. Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment. But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens. His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media, with hilarious consequences.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on Merseyside. Sterling says he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one at this stage last year. Liverpool are infuriated by Sterling's decision to give the interview without even telling them and some members of the club's hierarchy are convinced that the England international and his representatives are simply preparing for a move this summer.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move away from Anfield in the summer. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team. The Arsenal manager only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match. Wenger has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in 1996.
Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa striker, was killed in a car crash early Tuesday. He was on loan at Free State Stars from Pretoria-based Mamelodi Sundowns. The 31-year-old made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Darren Bent has revealed discussions have taken place with Aston Villa about a return. The former England striker is currently on loan at Championship promotion-chasing Derby. Bent also said Villa were '100 per cent' correct to sack Paul Lambert in February.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in New Jersey on Tuesday night. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Argentina after eight minutes. Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute. Argentina beat El Salvador 2-0 in Washington on Saturday.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. Knox played as a non-competing marker with the world No 1 in the third round last year.
Danny Lennon has left his role as interim Scotland Under 21 manager. The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of Alloa Athletic. Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Scottish Championship side.
JB Holmes won the Houston Open after a play-off at the Shell Houston Open. Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was the first to drop out in the play-offs, after bogeying the first hole to fall out of contention. Johnson Wagner birdied the par-four 18th to make it a three-way tie at top of leaderboard.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the Shell Houston Open. The 27-year-old is playing in his first PGA Tour event and is in with a chance of making the Masters. Jordan Spieth leads the way with a one-shot lead over Scott Piercy, Jason Wagner and Austin Cook.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award. One player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade via a new online process. The two players who garner the most votes will be considered by a judging panel of representatives from First Utility and League Weekly to decide on one overall winner.
Phil Mickelson is one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam at the Houston Open. Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week. Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with an encouraging round of 68.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. The 27-year-old insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first Major of 2015. Willett and his friends and family will be renting two houses in Augusta for the week.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001. The 33-year-old has played for England for 13 years, 310 days - while Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days. Carrick is the first non-goalkeeper to have an international career spanning more than 15 years.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised. The Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's availability for the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. Spurs fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club's PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of Australia and Malaysia.
Theo Walcott was replaced after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw against Italy. Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by the Gunners winger's confidence. The 26-year-old could face Liverpool on Saturday with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Danny Welbeck a doubt.
Chelsea have made discreet overtures about Raheem Sterling. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling is 'going nowhere' this summer. Sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday habits as he got older to continue managing Manchester United. Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Old Trafford hotseat where he won 38 trophies - including 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League successes.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week at Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers insists that Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window. Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14 but is miles behind Luis Suarez.
David Luiz will miss both legs of the Champions League quarter-final tie with Barcelona. PSG could be forced to play eight matches without the 27-year-old.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim. Brank faces up to two years in prison.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors after feeling homesick. The 26-year-old England full-back has been linked with a return to Wigan Warriors. Wigan have an option to re-sign Tomkins on a 'defined salary' on his return to Super League. Tomkins joined the Warriors for a world record transfer fee - thought to be in the region of £700,000.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup. He was also with England for the defence of the Jules Rimet trophy four years later in Mexico. Phillips was a former director at Middlesbrough and used to have a surgery in Redcar.
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes like Tiger Woods. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, followed by laptops. Four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two, and 11 per cent own three.
Referee Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday. The 40-year-old has sent off three players from United and City this season. Vincent Kompany was sent off during Belgium's 1-0 defeat of Israel on March 31.
Adam McBurney was not at his home in Cromkill, County Antrim, Northern Ireland when it was targeted on Easter Sunday. Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property, after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls. Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew an unflattering portrait of her. The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way. Oldfield, who works full-time as a sales director, said the fat won't come back.
Manchester United have won five Premier League games in a row. Juan Mata says United must take every game as a 'final'The 26-year-old has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger, who had been missing for three days. After noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in Clifton Beach, northern Queensland, Bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline. Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there.
The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln. Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival in Yining County in north Xinjiang.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma. Manchester United and Manchester City battle it out in a cage style match. The video ends with the scoreline in the balance before the two rivals meet for real on Sunday.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove, Illinois, was born with cerebral palsy. She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and fashion industry.
The father, 24, and other family members did not know the toddler was in the driveway. The incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed. The girl was going to turn two this weekend.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday. Police say the woman wouldn't pull up to the drive-through window at around 3.30am. Instead of purchasing food and driving away, the 23-year-old nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward. She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo does not believe all 54 votes will go to Sepp Blatter. Blatter is seeking re-election on May 29 against Figo, Prince Ali bin Al Hussein and Michael van Praag.
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far. The 30-year-old has overtaken Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer at the end of the season.
Vincent Kompany believes a win against Manchester United will help'rectify' their season. Manuel Pellegrini's side are under pressure and could be replaced in the summer.
Aston Villa drew 1-1 with relegation rivals Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for Tim Sherwood's side. Charlie Austin and Clint Hill scored late on for QPR.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year. The 19-year-old has been invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015. McIlroy has tipped the youngster to be a success when he decides to turn professional.
Air passengers face up to three days of disruption due to strikes by French air traffic controllers. Passengers travelling on the Channel Tunnel or on cross-Channel ferries are likely to see the worst of the disruption. New passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to Dover and Folkestone.
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend. Video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am Saturday. Paramedics arrived on the scene 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition. The woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since becoming ECB chairman. The incoming ECB chairman has been responsible for mixed messages that leave the England team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. Graves has forged an excellent reputation in English cricket as chairman of Yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the Miami Open semi-final. The pair met at the same stage of the Australian Open in January. Murray's fiancee Kim Sears was caught shouting expletives at the Czech at the net.
Greg Gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital on Monday. A 20-year-old man, who police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia as Bradley James Brooks, was arrested in nearby Halekulani on Monday night and charged with murder. Family and friends have paid their respect to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, sports and parties.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Phil Jones wants United to 'turn up and play their football' in the derby at Old Trafford. Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins, including 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic in the Miami Open semi-final. The Spaniard will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final on Saturday.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton. The 18-year-old has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal. Ferguson's spectacular double somersault has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters. The world No 1 is hoping to join Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods in winning all four major titles. The 25-year-old has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta National.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on April 11. Jonjo O'Neill hopes AP McCoy will ride the horse to success later this month.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final. Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock. Saracens will play Clermont Auvergne in the semi-finals in two weeks.
Matt Prior is out 'indefinitely' with an Achilles injury, says Sussex head coach Mark Robinson. The wicketkeeper has not played since July, when he lost his England place to Jos Buttler.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the Baic Motor China Open on Sunday. World No 1 Selby dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim his sixth ranking title and £85,000 prize money.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 92 to reach the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup. Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth. Referee Nigel Owens was escorted off the pitch by security.
Bafetimbi Gomis opened the scoring for Swansea in the first half. Ki Sung-Yueng doubled the home side's lead shortly before half-time. David Meyler was sent off for the hosts in the 53rd minute after fouling Kyle Naughton. Paul McShane pulled one back for Hull in the 50th minute to make it 2-1.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament. Wisconsin will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State, at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday.
Harry Kane was captain for Tottenham Hotspur against Burnley at Turf Moor. Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. The 21-year-old made just 14 passes, the joint lowest of any Spurs starter.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help him win Olympic gold at Rio 2016. The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo. Daley says he is enjoying diving more than ever after relocating from Plymouth to London.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round of the MCE British Superbike Championship. The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds ahead of James Ellison.
Leicester City are seven points adrift at the bottom of the Premier League. Esteban Cambiasso says that keeping the Foxes in the top flight will feel like winning a trophy. The former Inter Milan star signed for Leicester in the summer on a one-year deal.
Joe Hart is the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart is a Gillette ambassador. Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by Hart. The prize winner will also receive one of the brand new Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20. The 29-year-old scored against England in a 1-1 draw on Tuesday.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored the goals in the win at Ibrox. Stuart McCall has seen his new side win their last three games in a row. The Gers boss says he was warned not to take the Rangers job by Walter Smith.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham describes Roy Keane's team talk in his new autobiography Rise Of The Underdog: My Life Inside Football. The Black Cats drew 1-1 with Aston Villa during the 2007-08 Premier League season. Keane sat his players down in the home changing room at the Stadium of Light. He told them to 'try and enjoy the game. You're probably going to get beat. But just enjoy being s***'
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Manuel Pellegrini's side have not won a Premier League game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years. The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position was in April 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2. City have spent five seasons out of the top-flight since the 1994-95 campaign.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday. The Grizzlies defence shut down Thunder star Russell Westbrook. San Antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the No 2 playoff seed by routing Denver. Brooklyn extended its winning streak with a narrow victory over Toronto. Chicago Bulls beat Detroit Pistons 88-82 as they fought their way ahead of the Toronto Raptors.
Tiger Woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover his form. Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008 and the last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago.
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. Pep Guardiola is without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke. Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the BayArena clash.
Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes as Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland. The Holland full-back suffered a suspected calf muscle tear during the warm-up. Sunderland won the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. Jermain Defoe scored the winning goal - a spectacular volley - on the stroke of half-time.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy will be hoping to complete a career Grand Slam. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament.
Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season. Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' after heavy defeats. The German says confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality and it has helped Arsenal.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February. Bubba Watson is the defending champion at Augusta National. Rory McIlroy bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam.
Amir Khan has held talks with Adrien Broner ahead of a possible summer fight. Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently, with Kell Brook set to feature on his agenda. Khan hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December and has struggled to find an opponent.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30. The Bolton fighter had been linked with fights against Kell Brook and Adrien Broner. The 28-year-old hopes to fight at the Barclays Center in New York next month. Khan beat Devon Alexander in December to take his record to 30-3.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell Houston Open. The 34-year-old fell outside the world's top 10 after a bruising Florida swing last month. Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
Lionel Messi has recovered from his foot injury ahead of Sunday's La Liga clash with Celta Vigo. The Barcelona forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break. The 27-year-old returned to the Barcelona training ground on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule. He trained alongside compatriot Javier Mascherano on Thursday and both are expected to rejoin the rest of the squad on Friday.
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta later this month. The world number one believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not complete the career grand slam.
Floyd Mayweather Snr has refused to respond to criticism from Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach ahead of the May 2 mega-fight in Las Vegas. Roach has blasted the Money Man calling him a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of his fight with his uncle Roger. Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists that 'he can say what he wants' and will be leaving his son to do the talking.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week. The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead, rather than his journey.
Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf. The pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31. Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) as part of the settlement.
Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par. The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration in California. The New Zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over in January. The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season. Zaha made the £10million switch to Manchester United two seasons ago.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff in the FA Cup semi-final first round at the Madejski Stadium. Pavel Pogrebnyak opened the scoring for Reading in the fourth minute. Conor McAleny equalised in the 90th minute with a shot from Aron Gunnarsson's pass. Reading still have lingering relegation worries in the Championship.
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy. The 34-year-old will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn on Wednesday. Robbie Fowler says Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard.
Benik Afobe opened the scoring for Wolves in the 46th minute. Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after Henri Lansbury fouled him.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal, admitting he was 'flattered' by their interest. Tom Cairney, who will face Sterling, has sympathy for the young winger.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season. The 19-year-old loose forward has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 to move into second place in the Scottish Championship. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored in the second half to secure victory. Rangers were reduced to 10 men when captain Lee McCulloch was sent off for an elbow on Osman Sow.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II on Tuesday. Lucas Barrios missed a penalty for the visitors in the second half. The result sees Monaco remain in fourth place, behind Marseille, Lyon and Paris St Germain.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's Premier League trip to Burnley with a gashed knee. The France international was carried off on a stretcher in the 4-3 win against Leicester City. Mauricio Pochettino could be without striker Roberto Soldado at Turf Moor.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth-round replay on Wednesday. Gary Bowyer has challenged Jordan Rhodes to become an Ewood Park hero. Rovers rejected a £12million bid from Hull City for Rhodes at the start of the season.
Manuel Pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at Crystal Palace. Manchester City manager does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title. City can ill afford to drop points at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Tim Howard put in a man of the match performance against Southampton. Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island. They pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever. Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared. Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on April 15. Neymar believes the tie will be a real footballing'spectacle'Barcelona beat Manchester City 1-0 in the last 16 of the competition.
Andros Townsend scored in 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Paul Merson had criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back at Merson's criticism by tweeting: 'Not bad for a player that should be “nowhere near the squad” ay @PaulMerse?’
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons. Midfielder has been given an extended opportunity with Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter.
England full back Mike Brown is unsure when he will return to action for club side Harlequins. George North has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season. Northampton wing George North suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion on Friday night.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908. Johnson's victory caused consternation in America because he was black and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize. His skin was deemed the wrong colour and a great cry went up from white America to find a white challenger — a 'Great White Hope' who could unseat the new champion.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after the striker's agent suggested he could leave Everton as soon as this summer. Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer. The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract following his move from Chelsea.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent during her senior year of high school. She has raised more than $1.5 million for research into the type of brain tumor that will likely end her life.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad for the first Test in Antigua. Lyth finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards. Yorkshire's sports psychologist Scott Hartley came up with the idea of harnessing Lyth’s love of golf.
Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored in the first half to put Palace ahead. Yaya Toure grabbed a late equaliser but it wasn't enough to stop City losing ground on Chelsea.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during the second half. The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling Manchester City fans when he was hit by the flying object. Puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the City supporters.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21. The married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing the win at Newcastle. Arsene Wenger has spoken to Ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with his explanation. Ozil explained to Wenger that he had attended a friend's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes. Danny Welbeck could return to the Arsenal side for Saturday's showdown with Liverpool.
Leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the Ireland squad who beat England last month. Bath are short of experience in some key positions, particularly their up and coming backline. Racing Metro are flush with money, investing heavily in overseas players such as Jonathan Sexton, Jamie Roberts and, as of next season, Dan Carter. Saracens pride themselves on the set-piece and use the scrum and line-out as dangerous attacking weapons. Toulon are inexperienced at knockout European rugby, having never progressed from the group stages before this season.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships. Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia. Kane made an instant impact on the England team with a goal on his debut against Lithuania.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with. Kane made his England debut on Friday against Lithuania, scoring after 79 seconds. Townsend scored in the 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008. Sanchez spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a move to Barcelona. Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season following his £30million switch from Barcelona.
Bird is captured standing over a football before giving it a peck with its beak. It then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot before jumping up on it with both feet. The bird then runs back over to the football and a youngster can be heard saying: ‘The eagle has landed’
Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League behind Sylvain Distin by 26 days. The 37-year-old is the only survivor of Burnley's Championship and Premier League relegation sides.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer. Gareth Southgate’s squad finished fourth in the competition last May. Aidy Boothroyd will be the man in charge of the Under 20s this time.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league. The Carlisle United manager insists football management was always his priority. The 51-year-old has taken charge of Carlisle after learning his trade in the lower league backwaters.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis informed him that she worked her 'butt off'
Catwalk show took place in Xi'an, capital city of north-western China's Shaanxi province. Models strutted their stuff in gold underwear and a chain-mail style shirt worth around £40,000. It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing.
Raheem Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal in a television interview on Wednesday. The 20-year-old cast doubt on his Liverpool future in an interview with the BBC. Brendan Rodgers said Sterling is not yet at the same level as Luis Suarez.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola. Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Raiola ahead of a potential summer of transfer speculation. Raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Mario Balotelli among his high-profile clients.
The man turned a gun on himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, on Friday. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time, according to reports. Nobody else was injured in the incident, which took place around 2:15pm.
Real Madrid are desperate to sign David De Gea, according to reports in Spain. But they are prepared to wait until next summer if United 'fix a reasonable price'De Gea's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016, and he is yet to sign a new deal. Chelsea's Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Newcastle United host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at St James' Park on Sunday. John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit who controversially left Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson on the bench against Sunderland in 1999. Carver is fighting to win the head coach position at Newcastle at the end of this season.
Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal says United can still win the title. Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable.
Frank Lampard revealed he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public. The Manchester City star spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's Chatty Man. Former West Ham United midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger also came out as being gay.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton so far this season. The 25-year-old has also forced his way back into the England squad, winning his third cap against Italy.
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat insists he will not underestimate the significance of the fixture. The 67-year-old was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry during his first season at Rangers.
Danny Cipriani helped Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday. Sale are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership table and are out of contention for a top-six finish. Sale face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of May's edition of Golf Digest. The LPGA player will appear topless on the cover - using only a towel to cover her torso. It is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover. Thompson celebrated the shoot by tweeting: 'I landed on the May cover of @GolfDigest! So pumped to represent fitness & power'
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969. Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean. Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. The home is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and boasts several satellite residences for staff.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light against Sunderland three seasons ago. The 30-year-old has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four Tyne-Wear derbies. He watched the other from a hotel room in America after undergoing surgery on the second of the cruciate ligament injuries which kept him out for 26 months.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup on Thursday night. The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. Remo drew a 1-1 draw with Atletico PR thanks to a 76th minute goal from Igor Joao.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. The Gunners are currently third in the Premier League, six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool. Arsene Wenger's side won all six games they played in March, with Olivier Giroud winning the Player of the Month award.
Neymar and Dani Alves headed to watch El Clasico alongside Neymar's sister Rafaella. Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals. Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona in a £32million deal last summer. Arsene Wenger does not know why the Chile forward chose the Emirates Stadium over Anfield. The Gunners boss admits he was aware of Liverpool's interest in the 26-year-old. Wenger has played down any talk of a move for Raheem Sterling.
Louis van Gaal says he is set to discuss Manchester United with Sir Alex Ferguson. Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race, but the battle for the top four is not over either. Manchester United face Aston Villa on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday.
Courtney Lawes' brutal tackle on France fly-half Jules Plisson angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned. The Saints lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel and there were cries of protest in these parts, too. But Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record.
Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016 in France, says Juan Mata. Manchester United's Juan Mata revealed Rooney tells him so every day. Mata has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Anthony Joshua faces Jason Gavern at the Newcastle Metro Arena on Saturday. Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015, after pulling out of a January fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture in his back. The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three. The 37-year-old American will be competing in his 50th professional bout.
Theo Walcott and Raheem Sterling are both in contract negotians with their clubs. Both are in the process of negotiating contracts with their respective clubs. Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems.
Neymar has been in superb form for both club and country this season. The 23-year-old has been behind Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in the pecking order. Sir Alex Ferguson believes there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi and Ronaldo.
Vicente del Bosque's side lost 2-0 to Holland at Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored in the space of four minutes for Holland. Del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes. Spain's next game is in Euro 2016 qualifying against Belarus on June 14.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix, Arizona, two weeks ago. He was seen on surveillance video walking into a room where he was not authorized to be in. Two officers approached him and told him to go back to his cell, but he began taking swings at them. Scott Beaty, 15, was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery. The inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to Jose Anigo. Ibrahimovic has been compared with Eric Cantona for the second time in the space of a few days. Peter Schmeichel has urged Manchester United to make a summer move for Ibrahimovic.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take Cooper the dog to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. To date the video has been watched more than seven million times.
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in a friendly on Tuesday evening. The tiny island off the west coast of Africa has a population of just 500,000 people. Cape Verde are the smallest nation ever to play in the African Cup of Nations. They are currently ranked 38th in the world, one place ahead of Scotland.
Spring-breaker filmed her own terrified reaction when a manatee floated past her in Florida. The young swimmer managed to avoid coming into contact with the sea cow. Manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft and have a top speed of 5mph.
Xu bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, for £1,311. He then tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after realising she was infertile. Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking in Lianyungang, eastern China.
Radamel Falcao will consider his future at Manchester United at the end of the season. The striker has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at Old Trafford. The Colombian has scored three goals in two games for his country Colombia this season.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds United at Elland Road. The Welsh club have thrown their support behind a fan-run campaign to boycott the trip to Yorkshire. Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in the reverse fixture back in November. Leeds have not spoken on the matter but it is believed that they offered 2,000 tickets with restrictions on those travelling to Yorkshire before offering an allocation of 500 without restrictions.
Sportsmail's Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta on Thursday. Dustin Johnson will be hoping to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells. Henrik Stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the Whakatane District Court on Wednesday. The victim’s scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany. Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in March and had looked everywhere for him. It is thought the animal had crawled under the floor boards as bathroom was being renovated.
Santiago Vergini returned to Sunderland on a season-long loan from Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year. The 26-year-old has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats so far this season. Sunderland are currently 15th in the Premier League and three points clear of relegation zone.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao. Valencia were reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off. Espanyol extended Villarreal's winless streak to six games.
Black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd Place and Eastern Avenue in Seat Pleasant, Maryland. On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britain’s nuclear, transport and public services after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. MI5 is now giving advice on risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas – known as ‘insiders’ – highlighted by the Germanwings disaster.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday. The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle. He then went for a lie down, at which point his family called Royal Darwin Hospital.
Some 1,500 migrants have been rescued by Italian navy and coast guard ships in less than 24 hours, officials said Sunday. Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on model and conditions.
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by Manchester City. United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals. The last time they achieved that feat was 60 years ago. Manchester United have lost the last four derbies to City.
New Zealand racing presenter Adian Rodley has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $2 million Australian Derby. Rodley was managing the winning horse Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson. The race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile. The land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition. They journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko, which is surrounded by the Yukon River.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 1 beat the Spaniard 7-5, 7-5 in Key Biscayne on his 33rd birthday. John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in his quarter-final to set up a clash with the Serb. Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final.
William Buick rode Pretend to victory in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes and Four Seasons in the 32Red Three-Year-old Mile Championship. Buick predicted a big future back on Turf for Tryster.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner in the Grand National. The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch. Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty’s Lord Windermere and Spring Heeled.
Cantlow will attempt to give AP McCoy a glorious send off in Ireland with a second victory in Easter Monday's Irish Grand National. The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler’s Cabin and success aboard Cantlow would be a fairytale start to his final week as a jockey. McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final. Saracens will face Clermont Auvergne in the semi-finals on April 18. Mark McCall believes it is a relief to be playing the French side on neutral ground.
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal with Munster. The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues. Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
Bath lost 18-15 to Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. George Ford and Stuart Hooper scored tries for Bath. Anthony Watson believes the pain of the defeat can help Bath in the Premiership.
Tiger Woods says the Par-3 Contest is all about 'having fun, enjoying it and not winning'Woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004, and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side.
Jack Grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for Aston Villa. The Ireland Under 21 international wears children's shinpads - and says isn't about to change. Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night.
Tim Bresnan last played in whites for England during the 5-0 Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14. The right-arm quick says the only thing he can do is get runs and take wickets for Yorkshire.
Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against England. Stuart Broad came through an injury scare. Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday. The Toffees are 11 points clear of the relegation zone in the Premier League. Roberto Martinez's side face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 in the Premier League on Monday night. The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris. But chairman Steve Parish has revealed he wants to bring in investment to improve Selhurst Park.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start against QPR on Tuesday night. Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on April 19. The winger visited Wembley twice as a fan to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010. Villa lost 2-1 to Manchester United in the League Cup final and 3-0 to Chelsea.
Julian Speroni will take his Crystal Palace career into a 12th season. The 35-year-old will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season. Palace are on the lookout for a new shirt sponsor after money transfer firm Neteller ended their partnership with the club.
Leicester City beat West Ham United 1-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Esteban Cambiasso opened the scoring for the Foxes in the 12th minute. Senegalese international Cheikhou Kouyate equalised for the Hammers in the 32nd minute.
Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle. Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Haris Vuckic admits he does not know where he will be playing next season. The 22-year-old admits he is uncertain over his future with only 12months left on his Toon deal. He is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Rangers, including Gael Bigirimana and Remie Streete.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s' 3-2 victory over Germany. The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep the night after the match.
Joey Barton claimed West Brom's players's*** themselves' during defeat to QPR. Tony Pulis believes Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool. QPR came from two goals down to win 3-2 at the Hawthorns in December.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is Manchester City's biggest threat. Aguero has scored six goals against United since joining the Etihad in 2011. Manchester United host City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in their European Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday. Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap so English clubs can compete on the European stage.
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane. The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development. Spurs plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
Reece Oxford scored in West Ham's 3-2 defeat to Manchester United on Tuesday. The 16-year-old has been on the substitutes' bench for the Hammers this season. Oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season, snubbing interest from Premier League's big guns.
Gary Teale hits back at Ronny Deila's criticism of St Mirren Park pitch. Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible' and said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. But Teale insists the Norwegian's criticism was unfair on the Paisley club's award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty.
Manchester United go four points clear at the top of the Under 21 Premier League. Josh Harrop scored twice as Manchester United Under 21 beat West Ham United.
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership. But the Hoops boss believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. Deila believes artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada. Karim Benzema, who scored twice himself, hailed his team-mate as a 'phenomenon'Ronaldo now has 24 La Liga hat-tricks - drawing level with Barcelona star Lionel Messi.
Stuart McCall has dismissed any thought of his Rangers future being decided before the end of the season. The former Motherwell boss has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters. He is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1. Louis van Gaal was so pleased with Herrera's goal that he kissed him at half-time. Van Gaal said he had been urging Herrera to control the ball before shooting. But Herrera said 'without control I can do it also!'
England face West Indies on their return to Test cricket on April 13. Alastair Cook and Peter Moores put on a united front at Gatwick Airport on Thursday. Pietersen, who has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place, was the name on everyone’s lips.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for Aston Villa. The Belgian striker has been linked with a move away from Villa Park. The 24-year-old could be in line for a 30 per cent pay cut if Villa fall out of the Premier League.
Paolo Dybala says he could be playing his final games for Palermo. Arsenal and Juventus have been linked with a move for the Argentine forward. The 21-year-old scored his 13th league goal of the season on Saturday.
Bolton-born boxer Amir Khan enjoyed a day at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom. The 28-year-old was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa. Khan has announced his next fight will be against Chris Algieri on May 30.
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again. James Rodriguez, Toni Kroos, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side. Mundo Deportivo splash about Lionel Messi's fitness while AS say it is 'operation 30 points'
Chelsea are yet to finalise plans for their pre-season as they lead the way at the top of the Premier League. Jose Mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
John O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley when the first tie was played on March 9. Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer wanted to use the 21-year-old in the replay at Ewood Park. But there was no dispensation because he was at Oakwell when the game was played at Anfield. Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use his own player against Liverpool.
Sean Dyche believes Burnley are capable of avoiding relegation from the Premier League. The Clarets are just three points off the relegation zone ahead of the weekend fixtures. Sean Dyche's side face Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday. Napoli went down 2-1 on aggregate and are now out of the competition. Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season.
LeBron James and Kyrie Irving scored 23 points each as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Miami Heat 114-88. James also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 108-101 to move half a game ahead of Memphis in the race for No 2 seed in the West behind Golden State Warriors. Harrison Barnes scored the game winning shot to extend Golden State's winning run to 11 games.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night. Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Seasiders a lead. But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed.
Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday at the Emirates Stadium. Brendan Rodgers' side are five points adrift of the Champions League qualification places. The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run ended at home to Manchester United prior to the international break.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display against St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI. Ben Stokes takes three wickets in five balls as England take on a local side who had bizarrely warmed up in Inter Milan shirts.
Saracens take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as ‘unique among rugby players’, praising his willingness to ignore risks to his own wellbeing.
Chelsea face Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Premier League. Blues lead the table by six points, with a game in hand, and face the Potters at home. Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care if Chelsea win the title, as long as they end up winning it. Eden Hazard will start against Stoke despite the Belgian suggesting he is tired.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side need to beat the Gunners to keep alive their hopes of a top-four finish. A defeat could leave Liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with seven games to play.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March. Giroud netted five goals in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins last month.
Liverpool vs Arsenal has produced the most hat-tricks in a single fixture in Premier League history. Robbie Fowler, Thierry Henry, Peter Crouch and Andrey Arshavin have all scored a hat-trick.
Bas van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits. Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met the Dutchman at Melwood.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes against Bournemouth. Kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for Eddie Howe's side in the 82nd minute.
Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sunday’s World Cup final win over New Zealand. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill. Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocked Grant Elliott after his dismissal.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo of her and sister Nicole on the beach. A troll called 'fatalsplash' was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'The golfer's girlfriend told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis told him that she worked her 'butt off'Fowler received a number of positive comments from posters who commended him on standing up for his girlfriend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies. Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler. Alastair Cook's squad fly to the Caribbean on Thursday for a three-Test series.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire. The 32-year-old has gone on to play 161 one-day internationals for England. Bell has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of May. Younis Khan was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. But the batsman is now looking to be part of Pakistan's potential touring party to Bangladesh. He will instead link up with the Division One champions - subject to receiving a work permit.
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Italian side Perugia for £3.5million in 1997. Negri scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox outfit. However, a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow including a reserve match against Aberdeen in 2000. In his autobiography 'Moody Blue - The Story of the Mysterious Marco', Negri reveals he quit the club after fearing he had AIDS.
Raheem Sterling struggled to impose himself on the game at The Emirates Stadium. The England star was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty, which was only a consolation. Daniel Sturridge was only fit enough for the bench after a hip injury ruled him out of England duty. Jordan Henderson deputised at right-wing-back for the Reds.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on Friday night. The former All Blacks star was led away by police following the game at Kingsholm. The full-back earned 100 caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 at age of 33. The former Celtic and Arsenal striker has reflected on his battle with the disease. Hartson says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life as he approaches his 40th birthday.
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has claimed that Red Bull have made a takeover bid. Cellino said that majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering the offer. But Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer from Red Bull. Red Bull already own three football clubs, one of them Red Bull Salzburg in Austria.
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season. Steven Heighway predicted he'd be a success in a newspaper article in 1992. The Liverpool legend described the midfielder as 'outstanding' and 'one for the future'Gerrard has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood club.
Brazilian website claims to have the new Chelsea kit for sale on its website. It can be bought with Gareth Bale's name on the back of the kits, but not the Adidas emblem. Reports have linked the Wales international with a return to the Premier League.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England's Ashes squad this summer. Gough believes there is still only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series on the same ground a few months later.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places and not the title. Manchester City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race. They could even find themselves in fourth place before they next play Crystal Palace on Monday.
David Villa posted a picture on Instagram of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York. The New York City captain has enjoyed a solid start in the MLS, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the Eastern conference. City are currently two points behind city rivals the New York Red Bulls.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at the Under-21 European Championships. But Kenny Dalglish says he should be a permanent member of Roy Hodgson's full squad. Kane is capable of making the step up, according to the former Liverpool boss.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. But Wenger says his team will have to be perfect until the end of the season.
Consumers could soon have to pay goods and services tax (GST) on their movie and music downloads. Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple. The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, thus affecting companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and eBay. Choice says tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Deion Sanders Jr. is a sophomore at Southern Methodist University and plays wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers. He wrote on Twitter Thursday that he needed 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'His dad Deion Sanders decided to have a little fun with his son, and called him a 'Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! Lololol. Son. #truth'A huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people.
Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were killed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg against Galatasaray in Taksim Square, Istanbul, on April 5, 2000. A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead. Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time.
The dramatic, up-close images were captured by a Bornean student. The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect's grasp.
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium. The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League. Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
Analysts at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch graphic videos all day to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned. Intelligence agencies employ special psychiatrists and therapists to help the analysts cope with the 'extraordinary toll' the work can have. Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, periods of depression and experience anger.
In an unusual project by men's face product company West Coast Shaving, each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one. John Lennon is touted as the 'face' of The Beatles because he took the lead on many songs.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. The cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force. All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers', Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderley said. The officers sent each other 'racial, sexist and ethically inappropriate' images and other content, including offensive comments against both Hispanics and homosexuals. They also 'criticized their coworkers' grammar, appearance, work ethic and referred to an entire shift as lazy (expletives'
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment for leukaemia. He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province, which he lies on above a fire below. Claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body.
Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at Medway Magistrates’ Court. They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food. He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday. The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig. Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital.
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored the second for England Women. Jodie Taylor opened the scoring for the hosts after just a minute of play. Reading striker Kirby then fired home the second goal of her short international career.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford. Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley. Ander Herrera scored the other two goals for United.
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the table after a 2-1 win over Liverpool. United captain Wayne Rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the Champions League.
Jose Mourinho has revealed that he talks to God every day, but never about football. The Chelsea manager said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about Chelsea. The 52-year-old said he and his family 'know about poverty' and have been privileged to have worked with the Word Food Programme as an ambassador against hunger.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'Accompanying the letter was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers. Benaud was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world's most recognised commentators. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' behind with female voters. He was forced to defend the party's 'blokeish' image under Nigel Farage. Polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to 10 per cent.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season. Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal on Saturday and their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League next season effectively ended. Rodgers made veiled criticisms of the player's agent, Aidy Ward, after the televised interview Sterling gave last week, in which he admitted he was flattered by Arsenal's interest in him.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London. The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck. A man, 23, has been arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed. Scotland Yard is appealing to anyone who had contact with her in the hours before her death.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard put Jose Mourinho's side ahead from the penalty spot in the first half. Charlie Adam equalised shortly before half time with a stunning strike from his own half. Thibaut Courtois was beaten by Adam with an incredible strike from inside Stoke's half.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country. Brux then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again. He must also pay $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link, his employer.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'Accompanying the letter from Benaud, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile. Police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process. His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring projectile.
Middlesbrough are seven points clear at the top of the Championship. Aitor Karanka's side face Watford on Monday night in a lunchtime kick-off at Vicarage Road. Bournemouth and 10-man Watford drew 0-0 at home to Ipswich and Derby respectively.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has to balance on its front trotters. It has become an internet sensation after learning to walk on just two feet.
Wigan Athletic have made Gary Caldwell their new manager on a long-term basis. Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby on Easter Monday. Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday. The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Toddler carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage in the Championship. Stuart Dallas opened the scoring in the 24th minute before Alan Judge doubled the hosts' lead. Ross McCormack halved the deficit with a 67th minute penalty.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket despite the pair's chequered past. Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Paul Downton.
Former England cricketers Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game. Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke. Jose Mourinho threw Costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1. Striker lasted just over 10 minutes as he pulled up with the hamstring injury. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand over Arsenal.
Mario Balotelli picked up a'slight knock' in training on Friday. The Liverpool striker did not travel with the squad to face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. The £16million striker would only have been a substitute against the Gunners.
Northampton were thrashed 37-5 by Clermont in the Champions Cup at the Stade Marcel-Michelin. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career. The Saints are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Aviva Premiership.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National. Paul McGinley says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figurehead in world sport.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National on Thursday. The 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards. Willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals Hearts. Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners at Easter Road.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season with West Ham. West Ham have already beaten their total in the Barclays Premier League season last year by two points with seven games to spare. The Hammers face Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters. Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt. Erik Compton drew a picture of himself playing at Augusta during his younger years.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody. But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. Immediately Blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters at Augusta National on Thursday morning. The 85-year-old legend, who won seven majors, defied an injury to hit his tee shot. He was joined by Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player as the honorary starters.
Natasha Jonas is the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games. The Liverpool-born 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in straight sets to reach the final of the Miami Open on Friday night. The No 1-seeded Serb will take on Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago. Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker all played for England.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday. The pair are hoping to find a winning formula for the next race in Shanghai on April 10-12. Mercedes were beaten by Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29.
Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has not been able to guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix. The German Grand Prix has been axed from the 2015 schedule due to financial problems. Jackie Stewart says there should always be a place for 'essential' races in Germany, Italy, Britain, France and Monaco.
Lewis Hamilton was invited to Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008. The Mercedes driver wanted to meet Hollywood actor Will Smith when he stepped on Clinton's foot. The 30-year-old revealed the incident on BT Sport's The Clare Balding Show on Thursday.
Work has started on repairing the roof of the Silverstone motor racing circuit. Part of the 'Wing' - the three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix - was affected by the winds on Sunday and Monday.
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May 2015 issue of Men's Health. The Mercedes driver discusses the meaning of his tattoos and the physical demands of F1. Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix last Sunday.
Jason Robinson has revealed he contemplated committing suicide. The 40-year-old scored in England's 2003 World Cup final win against Australia. Robinson was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage. He credits then team-mate and Samoa star Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around.
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals. Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attack on Sri Lanka's bus in Lahore in 2009. Chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead next month.
Tim Sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy. Tottenham sacked Sherwood as head coach at the end of last season and brought in Mauricio Pochettino. Sherwood was relieved of his duties and walked out of White Hart Lane with his head held high.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day. Rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title. Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier. Nick Compton has joined Middlesex from Somerset with a point to prove to England selectors.
Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon. Burnley defender Michael Duff was pleased with the way his side subdued Kane. The Clarets tried to press high up the pitch as a way of neutralising Kane's threat.
Jordan Henderson toiled as a wing back in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal. John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. Sean Dyche picked an unchanged side for the 16th time this season against Tottenham. Steven Caulker made 20 clearances for QPR against West Brom.
Nedum Onuoha is wanted by Hull City, Everton and West Ham United. The QPR centre-back is one of several players poised to leave if the club go down. The 28-year-old has 15 months left on his contract at Loftus Road.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time against Burnley on Sunday. The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 at Wembley. Kane is the youngest captain in the Premier League this season at 21 years and 251 days. Mauricio Pochettino believes Tottenham can catch Manchester City and finish fourth.
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season. The Italian Under 20 international is out of contract and has an offer from Juventus also. Benfica have made an enquiry for the forward who is on loan at Northampton Town.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday. Bobby Zamora, Charlie Austin and Eduardo Vargas put QPR 3-0 up at half-time. Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for Tony Pulis' side in the 58th minute. Joey Barton added a fourth goal in added time to give QPR the win.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City against West Ham on Saturday. King says his goal against the Hammers may turn out to be his most important yet. Leicester remain at the foot of the Premier League table and four points from safety.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion this summer. Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old left back. Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back, where he has struggled.
Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Midfielder Esteban Cambiasso scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute. Leicester boss Nigel Pearson has praised the 34-year-old's performance.
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct. The Brondby defender elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head. The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen.
James Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season. Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery.
Haris Vuckic has thrived at Rangers under new manager Stuart McCall. The 22-year-old admits any possibility of staying at Ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option. The Slovenian has denied a report on Tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit St James Park.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen. Spurs currently stand sixth in the Premier League and it appears they'll be in a straight shoot-out for fifth place with Liverpool.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge of Celtic were tough. The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga on Wednesday. Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card for diving in the penalty area. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar on Saturday. Real Madrid want the yellow card shown to their star forward to be rescinded.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Brom if a deal is not in place by July. The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia. Peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Rio Ferdinand believes United are at their best with Wayne Rooney in attack. United have only lost twice in the league so far this season and are third in the table. Ferdinand praised Van Gaal for moving Rooney further up the pitch.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals but rank fourth and fifth respectively. Papiss Cisse and Olivier Giroud have had their seasons interrupted by injury and suspension. Frank Lampard has a marginally better ratio than Sergio Aguero.
Peter Quillin faces Limerick's Andy Lee in the WBO middleweight title on April 11. The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio in his undefeated record. The 31-year-old has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence. Quillin revealed he took a sabbatical to deal with the conflicting emotions of welcoming his first child.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 in La Liga on Saturday. Antoine Griezmann scored the opener in the fifth minute. Saul Niguez doubled Atletico's lead in the 39th minute.
Alan Pardew believes he is better than many of the Premier League's big-name managers. The Crystal Palace manager has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park for a top-of-the-table side.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words at a press conference on Thursday. The pair are set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 but not against each other. Saunders will have a warm-up 'international contest' ahead of his challenge for the WBO middleweight title mooted for July.
Ander Herrera scored a brace as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-0. The 25-year-old has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans after missing out in previous months.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time. Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday. Chris Ramsey's side are just three points clear of the relegation zone. QPR travel to Aston Villa on Tuesday with a better goal difference.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern in the third round on Saturday night. Joshua dropped Gavern twice in the second round and twice in third on his way to victory. Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering stress fracture in his back.
David Templeton spoke out about his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. Rangers boss Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to David Templeton. Former Hearts star Templeton claimed McCall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against David Price. 'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November. He has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury sustained during the 10-round beating.
Dave King has been cleared by the Court of Session to return as a director of the club. The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday's decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as 'fit and proper'King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom last month.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Van Gaal has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured.
Xavi has managed just five starts for Barcelona in 21 games since the turn of the year. The 35-year-old recently travelled to Qatar to discuss a possible switch to Al Sadd ahead of next season. Xavi assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo on Sunday.
Celta Vigo forward Fabian Orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the Spanish football federation. He was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of grass at Barcelona's Sergio Busquets. The midfielder grabbed his eye after the grass struck him on the back of the neck.
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games. Jurgen Klopp's men face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
Franck Ribery says he turned down a move to Real Madrid in 2009. The French winger says he was told he was as important to Bayern Munich as Lionel Messi is to Barcelona. Real Madrid wanted him after he fell out with then-head coach Louis van Gaal. But he was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance by Bayern's elite.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had. The Arsenal forward spent five years playing alongside him at Serie A side Udinese. Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions during his debut season with the Gunners.
Roma have been ordered to close part of their Stadio Olimpico stadium for their next home game against Atalanta on April 19. A banner displayed during Roma's 1-0 defeat of Napoli caused outcry for insulting the mother of a Napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year. The taunts were aimed at Antonella Leardi whose son Ciro Esposito died after violent clashes following last year's Coppa Italia final in Rome.
Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job at Wigan. Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday after a dismal run of results. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
Juventus beat Fiorentina 2-1 in the Coppa Italia semi-final first leg at the Juventus Stadium. Goals from Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci ensured Juventus progressed. Alvaro Morata was sent off for a clumsy challenge on Arturo Vidal with two minutes left to play.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the summer. Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have all watched the central defender. Toner has been capped by Republic of Ireland's Under-19s.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night. Ronny Deila was pleased with his side's performance but criticised the state of pitches in Scotland. The manager believes it would be better to play on artificial surfaces.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night. Stefan Johansen scored a 79th minute penalty to seal the points for Ronny Deila's side. Johansen believes his side's title prospects 'look great' after the win.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week. The Northern Irishman is the favourite to become the sixth player to win all four majors at 25.
Rory McIlroy tees off on the first during his practice round ahead of the 2015 Masters on Thursday. World No 1 is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National.
Rory McIlroy is 103 places above Tiger Woods in the world rankings. The world No 1 is the favourite to win the Masters at Augusta next week. Woods is one of only five players to have won the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15 in a 5-0 win at Levante. The 23-year-old looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 victory over Celta Vigo. Barcelona boss Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts. The Ryder Cup hero has never won a strokeplay event on US soil.
Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for Palace. Yaya Toure scored a consolation goal for the champions. Palace are now 11th in the Premier League table.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. Neymar has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona.
Charlie Adam scored one of the best goals of the Premier League era in the defeat to Chelsea. The Scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Thibaut Courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort. Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour.
Eden Hazard inspired Chelsea to a 2-1 win over Stoke City at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea captain John Terry hailed the Belgian as one of the world's best players. Diego Costa looks set to miss at least two weeks with a hamstring injury.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber. Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal are all interested.
Adlene Guedioura scored Watford's equaliser with 15 minutes to go to secure a point for Watford. Tom Ince doubled the hosts' lead in the 57th minute with a fine finish into the far corner. Darren Bent equalised from the penalty spot for Derby in the second half.
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday night. Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games in all competitions. Jackie McNamara's side have sold Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer. The forward will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season. Inter Milan are thought to be leading the chase for the Ghana international.
Edinson Cavani and Zlatan Ibrahimovic have been linked with a rift. Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship and Laurent Blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch. Cavani insists he and Ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but they respect one another.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for Clermont Auvergne in their 37-5 thrashing of Northampton. The former Bath full back won the last of his two caps for England back in 2007. The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad, but he invoked the 'exceptional circumstances' clause in the RFU selection policy.
Paul Casey has returned to the PGA Tour to get back into the world's top 50. The former world No 3 says he is desperate to play in the Ryder Cup again. But he is unlikely to rejoin the European Tour in time to earn Ryder Cup points this season.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old has revealed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Anfield. Harry Redknapp believes Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract. The former QPR boss insists that Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham can still qualify for the Champions League. Tottenham are seven points behind Manchester City, who play Crystal Palace on Monday night. The 21-year-old has 29 club goals under Mauricio Pochettino this season and is the main reason Tottenham have lasted the pace until now.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham Hotspur. Sherwood was responsible for the club's youth and Under 21 programmes at White Hart Lane. The pair are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at Spurs and helping them break into the first team. The bond is strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey's mobile phone calls.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Raheem Sterling is as strong as ever. Sterling has never said he wants to leave the club, according to his manager.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Arsenal. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says he would sell any player if they did not want to play for the club. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold this summer.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be. Sterling revealed this week that he had rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield. Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid. But he says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital.
Australianwidefishingguide shows tourists how it's done. He lies on his back and kicks his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus in the distance. The Emus come close to see what's going on, then scatter as the guide leaps to his feat.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger are the Premier League Player and Manager of the Month. Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March to earn the award. Striker Giroud stopped Tottenham's Harry Kane from becoming the first player to take three consecutive Player of the month gongs.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. Sterling has played in various positions this season under Brendan Rodgers - including as a striker and at wing back.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers remains confident that the situation will be resolved in the summer. Roy Keane insists that a footballer should 'always look after No 1'Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal for himself, according to Keane.
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove. Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script. Dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script.
Twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital after being pulled from a canal in Arizona. The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona.
Yeovil Town have been relegated from League One after a 1-1 draw with Notts County. Garry Thompson's equaliser condemned the Glovers to back-to-back relegations. Paul Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager.
Former US president George H.W. Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath. Bush is a fan of Associated Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour 250 events and lives in the Houston Area with his wife Barbara.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 on day two to make the cut at the Masters. The 58-year-old American is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind Tom Watson and Ben Crenshaw. He is also better placed after 36 holes than he was when he won the green jacket in 1998.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. The Premier League champions laid on six coaches for free to allow fans to get to the game. The club have written to supporters to apologise and refund the cost of their match tickets.
Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales. The five bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean and the adjoining National Park. The property still holds a suburb record of $4.25 from 2007, with the highest sale since then being $2.7 million.
Stunning shots make up the short-list for the Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014, which was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis. The competition's winning image was taken by Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo.
Robbie Fowler has picked his all-star XI from players who featured during his era. The former Liverpool, Leeds and Manchester City hitman names Peter Schmeichel, Paolo Maldini, Fernando Hierro, Roberto Carlos, Lothar Matthaus and Luis Figo.
Gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste in Suffolk village. It is believed they used three tractors and trailers to dump the rubbish in Walsham-le-Willows. Police say it is the worst case of flytipping they have seen in 28 years.
Cody got stuck in the watery ditch in Belvedere, south-east London. Crews spent more than an hour trying to free the distressed animal.
Leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in green bins. But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'Residents in Stratford district were named among best recyclers in England.
Perth Glory supporters will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC at nib Stadium on Friday night. Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during the match. A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10pm in Friday's clash. The club were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $269,000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap over a three-year period.
Darron Gibson has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a metatarsal injury. Everton manager Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape. Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved against Swansea due to a hamstring injury.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17. His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability. But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat in Wembley on Wednesday. He was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque in Acton. He had been replaced by Hassan Anyabwile, 53, from Trinidad and Tobago, who was involved in a violent coup attempt in 1990 by Muslim group Jamaat al Muslimeen.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. Everton will look to extend Gibson's contract this summer as he is treated for his latest injury setback. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par in his first Masters. The 19-year-old has been tipped for big things by Rory McIlroy.
Danny Willett carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta National. The 27-year-old was left frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight during his round.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National. The Scot admitted he needed to 'give himself a kick up the a***' after struggling on the professional tour. Neil was playing with fellow countryman and 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose. Instead of classical music, Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent. Motorway was closed so air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist. Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of road.
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson will go out in penultimate group on Friday. World No 1 finished seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth after a one-under-par 71.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists there is no need to ask for more money from the board. Mercedes were beaten into second and third in Malaysia by Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the Miami Open final on Sunday. The 27-year-old is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. Murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the Serb.
Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed Richie Gray could be sold to the highest bidder if Castres are relegated from the Top 14. Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down, with fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend. Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Tom Croft has signed a new contract with Leicester Tigers. The England and Lions flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder last month. Director of rugby Richard Cockerill said: 'I have agreed a contract with him'
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has signed a new one-year contract extension. He missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April.
Rangers have promised to investigate claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges. Reports emerged suggesting the Newcastle United owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks. Dave King's new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims surrounding Ashley.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are again likely to lead the way in China this weekend. Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month. Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen were far kinder on their tyres than Hamilton and Rosberg.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 23, 2013. United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - having played the same number of games. The last time this had happened United sat sixth on 20 points, one ahead of then ninth-placed City after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving in Real Madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Antonio Amaya inside the box. Ronaldo will now be able to start against Eibar on Saturday after his yellow card was rescinded.
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals against Manchester United. Manchester City face United at Old Trafford on Sunday in the Premier League. Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted players in world football.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach the Coppa Italia final on Wednesday. Lazio will face Juventus in the final on June 7.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to former club Barcelona. The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago as he pursued a faster route to first-team football. But now, it seems Barca fans are keen for the Spaniard to return to the Nou Camp. They voted the youth international as their preferred choice to replace Dani Alves.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca. The 23-year-old is also described as 'the jewel in Real Madrid's crown'Real Madrid have won 80 per cent of their games when Rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he's been missing.
Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in the 2-1 win over Stoke. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick in Paris Saint-Germain's 4-1 win over Saint Etienne. The 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals in 124 games for the French side. Ibrahimovic has never played in the Premier League and is considered one of the finest strikers of his generation despite his volatile demeanour.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on penalties to reach German Cup semi-final. Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
David Luiz suffered a torn hamstring in PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille on Sunday. The 27-year-old will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the severity of the injury. Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo in the style of a man bun on Wednesday.
The 2015 Indian Premier League begins on April 8 and ends on May 24. Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues. Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history with back-to-back victories in 2010 and 2011. New Zealand's Brendon McCullum is one of the most exciting players in world cricket.
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa’s stars ‘icing on the cake players’ ahead of their match with Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday night. Villa's mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats. QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night. QPR defender Clint Hill scored his side's second goal in the dying minutes of the game.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Arsenal Under 21s on Tuesday. Midfielders have all been out of action since November with Arteta having picked up an ankle injury. Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up, alongside a host of promising youngsters including Dan Crowley.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009. Monbeg Dude is owned by a trio of well-known rugby union players headed by Mike Tindall.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. Cook will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer. The speculation over whether Kevin Pietersen will return to the England fold will overshadow the tour.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs. The Lyon star's father Mohamed does not want his son to sit on the bench at Man City. The 21-year-old scored the opener in Lyon's 3-1 win over Guingamp on Saturday.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen. The 34-year-old re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return. Pietersen wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s on Tuesday night. Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute to put Barcelona ahead. Celta striker Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of grass at Sergio Busquets.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall. Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help Pietersen's cause. The 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. Blues boss Jose Mourinho said he would only turn to Costa if absolutely necessary. The £32million striker was required to stop Chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals.
Manchester City have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows. Manuel Pellegrini is hoping the restrictions will be lifted at the end of the current season. The reigning Premier League champions have only paid money for Fernando, Willie Caballero, Eliaquim Mangala and Wilfried Bony.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to claim her second ANA Inspiration crown. The 29-year-old eagled the final hole on the par-five 18th to win the tournament in California. Former champion Lewis could still have claimed the win herself when, playing in the final group, had a chance to birdie the last but her effort from 10 feet sneaked past on the low side.
Sean Dyche has impressed in the Premier League with Burnley this season. Former England boss McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle at the end of the season.
Darren Bent could still return to Aston Villa in the summer. The 31-year-old is on loan at Derby until the end of the season. Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for the Rams.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out. The pair worked together at Tottenham Hotspur with Les Ferdinand. QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night. The reverse result would take Villa out of the relegation zone.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in fourth place in the Premier League. Jordan Henderson has urged his side not to give up on their hopes of finishing in the top four. The Reds face Blackburn Rovers in an FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Aston Villa host QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night in the Premier League. Tim Sherwood admits he does not have the players to grind out results. Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if QPR win.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Chris Ramsey's side remain two points adrift of safety in the relegation zone. Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in the draw at Villa Park.
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby. Dyche says he is enjoying life at Turf Moor and is not looking further afield.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. Ramsey and Sherwood worked together at Tottenham. The pair live within 10 minutes of each other.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park in the Premier League on Saturday. Tony Fernandes was watching the game on his iPhone away from the game. Matt Phillips had given QPR the lead in the first half but Christian Benteke equalised. Charlie Austin looked like he might have scored a late winner for Rangers.
Wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police on'suspicion of a sexual offence'The 20-year-old was with Vitesse’s squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club. He has been loaned out to Fluminense and Inter Milan since joining Chelsea in January 2013.
Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich could all be playing in the Premier League next season.
Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history. On Saturday, at the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race, the women’s crews will battle the same Thames course as the men. After decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators, they get equal billing.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011. Terry was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA for 'using abusive language related to colour'Anton Ferdinand's brother Rio has called Terry the 'biggest idiot' in the past.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were overcome by choppy waters. Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox. They were training for the Boat Race which takes place on Saturday, April 11.
Wasps will appeal against the three-week ban handed to Nathan Hughes. Northampton wing George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months against Wasps last Friday. Hughes was given the suspension after being found guilty of striking North in the 52-30 defeat.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban. The pair could miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if shown a yellow card. Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday in the Premier League.
Leeds beat Castleford 26-12 in front of a sell-out crowd at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle. Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield announced he is to switch codes at the end of 2015. Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career in a frenetic opening. Joel Moon and Adam Cuthbertson scored tries for Leeds.
Northampton have ruled George North out of their game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club ahead of the biggest game of their season to date. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday.
Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June. Lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month but his efforts on Friday night settled a drab contest at the KC Stadium. Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull, with tries from Kevin Brown and Patrick Ah Van unable to prevent Widnes from falling to a fifth away defeat out of five.
George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months against Wasps last Friday. The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action. Saints medics will monitor his progress throughout the stand-down period.
Huddersfield forward Jacob Fairbank is set for a spell on the sidelines. The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up in St Kitts. The batsman looks set to open the batting with Alastair Cook in the first Test against West Indies. England completed four days of low-key, uncompetitive action in Basseterre on Thursday.
Ben Stokes took three wickets for 10 as England dominated St Kitts & Nevis XI. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott put on 158 for the first wicket to put England in control. Stokes described Cook as one of the best batsmen in the world after his return to form.
Richie Benaud, 84, who died on Friday, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment for his skin cancer. The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. 'When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap,' Benaud told the Nine Network about growing up in Australia in the 1930s and 40s. 'I recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads,' he said.
Loic Remy scored the winner in Chelsea's 2-1 victory over Stoke on Saturday. Diego Costa left the game with a hamstring injury and is set for a spell on the sidelines.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, MBE, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram. The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
Kyle Walker sustained the injury during the 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. The 24-year-old suffered the injury in a collision with Kieran Trippier at Turf Moor. There were fears the England defender may have fractured his foot. Scans have revealed that Walker has not broken his foot and will hopefully return soon.
Cameron Thomas Philp graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van in 2013. He pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday. He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry. Says: ‘I’m a strong, independent woman,’ she says in new interview to promote role as Mulberry’s new muse. Interview follows release of a short film featuring Miss Bonas dancing round an old court house and English country garden in £1,800 dress.
Kevin Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013. The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career after he was sacked in February 2014. Pietersen cancelled his Indian Premier League contract in order to play domestic cricket for Surrey.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket. The former team-mates were England team-mate before Pietersen was axed by the ECB. The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB, preferring to focus on his burgeoning media profile and business interests.
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March. It is the 14th time Wenger has won the accolade and he has won it 14 times at Arsenal. The last of Sir Alex Ferguson's 27 awards came in October 2012, not long before he announced his retirement.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton. Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey. He has not yet been approached by the ECB but said: ‘When England come calling, you shouldn’t say no’
Chris Ramsey took over as QPR manager until the end of the season. Tim Sherwood has lost six out of his seven games in charge of the London club. The Aston Villa manager is keen to get Ramsey on his coaching staff if he leaves in the summer. The pair forged a close bond during their time together at Tottenham.
Francis Coquelin wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from Charlton. The 23-year-old is determined to prove himself at Arsenal and hold down his place in the starting XI.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer'In the video, which has gone viral on social media, he says he was given a warning for 'improper use of the median'
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint on the evening of July 8, 2014. The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, Shane, 44, following threats she made to kill herself. She pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade, and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed. Officers Michael Valenzuela, 27 and Skyler Ziegler, 29 were cleared of any wrongdoing following the incident and the case was closed in November.
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, were shot and killed by their 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday. The couple had been together for 13 years and had two other children, ages 10 and 12.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who don't, researchers claim. Courtney Blackwell, at Northwestern University in the US, found that in tests, kindergarten children who shared iPads in classes over an academic year significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no iPads or in which each student had their own device.
Dr Seuss fans flock to Alaska to visit this 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations. The house was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel. Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crash-landed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg. Three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital, local police said. One man, believed to have been co-piloting the plane, is in a'serious condition'
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has slammed Financial Fair Play regulations. The Premier League champions were last year deemed to have breached regulations, before being fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season. City are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies. His son Jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment. Axford said the toes of 2-year-old Jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel. A video of the performance has since gone viral online.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Sergio Aguero, Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored for the Red Devils.
Secret cameras at east London boozer picked up 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras. One man in the Lord Nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he was gay while dating a married woman. Three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction and another spoke about his fears about having a kidney transplant.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-0 in the Premier League derby at Old Trafford. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring before Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. United boss Louis van Gaal said it was an error from him to give too many minutes to his substitutes.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing. The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby at Easter Road. Alan Stubbs' side are now second in the Championship after the win. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored in the second half.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members on Friday. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral, calling Benaud's death the 'greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman'Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world's most recognised commentators.
Diane Blankenship, 45, charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery. Allegedly had sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her car while her friend drove them about town. She has been placed on administrative leave from her role at Dayspring Academy in Tampa, Florida.
Australian artist George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize. The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. The jury recognised him 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' and for 'enlisting the arts to subdue aggression'He will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney.
Orana Wildlife Park is the country’s only open-range zoo. The video was captured by Ekant Veer, 35, an associate professor at the University of Canterbury. The people inside can be seen recording the many lions from their phones, while another holds itself up against the cage and chews on some meat.
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East. Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany. Most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily, but a number began to throw glass bottles. A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba, Melbourne. The men filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes. However they failed to get the large loot in the boot. They decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost a third of their loot. They are all wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins in the area.
The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane, which was idling on the runway. Ambulance Victoria confirmed three people were injured in the incident, including a man and a woman in their twenties.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Ramires and Nemanja Matic set to start in midfield for Chelsea against QPR. Blues boss Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Matic in front of the back four. Blues are four points clear of Arsenal at the top of the table with two games in hand.
Clare Verrall, 31, was attacked while walking her dog in Prahran, in Melbourne, on Wednesday night. A man jumped out from behind bins and attacked her from behind some bins. She was left with a broken nose, broken toe, and many other bruises and scratches. Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix for Ferrari last week. The four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory at Maranello. The win allowed Ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years.
LA Galaxy beat Seattle Sounders 1-0 to move off the foot of the Western Conference in Major League Soccer. Alan Gordon scored the opening goal for LA Galaxy in the first half. Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
David Powell, 73, is due to appear in court today charged with murder of his mother. Pensioner's body was discovered at her home in Doncaster Lane, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. She is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell, 95, who has not yet been formally identified.
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. Red Bull need some guidance following a slow start to the season which has seen them slip behind Ferrari in challenging Mercedes.
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea against QPR on Sunday. The Chelsea star has scored 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of Premier League games. Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen. The Slovenian-born 25-year-old beat Maxime Chazal 6-3 6-2 in qualifying for the Casablanca Open. Bedene is ranked 83rd in the world, behind Andy Murray.
Thousands of female race-goers descended on Aintree. Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport. He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. He said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder. He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver was 0.541secs clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg in Shanghai. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was a further half a second adrift at 1:40.157secs.
Jordan Spieth tees off his third round at 2:55pm local time on Saturday. The 21-year-old American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds. Justin Rose and Paul Casey are both in a tie for third with Dustin Johnson on seven under par. Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out a lot earlier in the day as they bid to make up ground.
Hollywood actor Keanu Reeves visited the Red Bull factory in Milton Keynes. The 50-year-old is a self-confessed petrolhead and has been pictured at Grand Prix in the past. Reeves grilled Red Bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey. He also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. The Spaniard left McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's upgraded car this season proves a dud. Perez finished 10th in Australia and 13th in Malaysia and admits Force India are relying on their June upgrade to come good.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle. Ruby Walsh, riding Arctic Fire, fell at the final hurdle at this year's Grand National Festival. McCoy was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory after the fall.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time basis. Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978. The 25-year-old is a former Folkestone grammar school pupil who suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system.
A Russian SU-27 Flanker 'aggressively' intercepted a U.S. RC-135U plane over Poland, Pentagon claims. Spokesman Mark Wright said the Russian jet performed 'aggressive maneuvers' at high speed. Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'Russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud. World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England's Test squad. Finn admits he finds it 'baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark.
Team Sky's Elia Viviani hit the barriers in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs. Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up in the race.
Shane Dowrich, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down for the opening game of the three-match series.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon. A federal jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260. The jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle United if he starts the remaining seven matches of the campaign. The 31-year-old was the only United player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur this season. Tim Sherwood believes Spurs need to keep pace with Kane's progress or risk losing him. Tottenham face Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League next season. The Hammers currently sit first in the Premier League rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second-placed Burnley. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for competition, with England currently third behind Republic of Ireland and Netherlands.
Rangers crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season at Palmerston. Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South's play-off hopes a massive boost. Stuart McCall urged Rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure.
Sunderland midfielder Sebastian Larsson is suspended for Crystal Palace's trip to the Stadium of Light on Saturday. The Sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign. Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem. Will Buckley was included among the substitutes against the Magpies following his recovery from a knee problem. Wes Brown (knee) and Emanuele Giaccherini (ankle) are still missing.
Neymar shows off his skills ahead of Barcelona's trip to Sevilla on Saturday. Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga with Real Madrid lagging behind in second.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1. David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City, reacting to a rebound off debutant goalkeeper John McCarthy to tap the ball into an empty net. Sanna Nyassi scored in the 75th minute as San Jose beat MLS-leading Vancouver 1-0.
Bastia president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to resign. Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani scored twice in the Stade de France win.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches. Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of his side's season as 'garbage' due to poor form.
Palermo have not won away from home since November 2 against AC Milan. The Sicilian side are in 11th place in Serie A and have picked up just two points in their last six league games. Udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of Palermo.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career. Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive on Sunday. Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 thanks to Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Glenn Murray put Crystal Palace 1-0 up against Manchester City on Monday night. The Cumbrian scored a hat-trick against Gerard Pique in a reserve match in 2005. Murray now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues. Murray's speed of thought is rapid and you will struggle to find a frontman in the land with a better ability to win the ball in the air.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match at the Bernabeu. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada on Sunday. Real Madrid are four points behind Barcelona in the race for the La Liga title.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid are capable of winning the Champions League. Carlo Ancelotti's side face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the first half. Manchester City appealed for offside but Murray's first-half goal stood on Monday night. Yaya Toure pulled one back for Manuel Pellegrini's side in the second half. City are now nine points behind leaders Chelsea in the Premier League table.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Easter Sunday. Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Los Blancos in the 25th minute. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to help Real Madrid to a thumping win. Bale took to Twitter after the victory to show off his sunny Sunday supper.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach the Coppa Italia final on Wednesday. Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a 2-1 aggregate win over Napoli. Lazio will play Juventus in the final on June 7 in Rome. Manager Stefano Pioli said there is still a lot of work to be done.
Manuel Pellegrini's side take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manchester City have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the Premier League table. The champions have won just four league games in 11 games this season.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year. Co-owner David Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing'Sam Allardyce has told Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results.
Chris Smalling visited his old club, the International Judo Federation. The 25-year-old was at one stage named national judo champion for his age group. Smalling signed for Manchester United from Fulham in 2008.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful for Sunday's derby. Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and Jonny Evans is banned. Manchester United have lost their last four league games against City. Sergio Aguero has scored four goals in his last three Premier League matches against Manchester United.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday, 1.30pm)QPR will be without Richard Dunne (knee) and Rio Ferdinand (undisclosed) for the west London derby. Chelsea are without Diego Costa, Cesc Fabregas (broken nose) and Nemanja Matic (suspension)Midfielder John Obi Mikel is fit again following a knee injury.
Manchester United host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable derby moments on his website. The United striker has scored FOUR stoppage time winners, including a famous overhead kick and a rare Paul Scholes header.
Marouane Fellaini is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has been impressed with the Belgian's ability in defence and attack. Manchester United have won five league games in a row and are in third place.
Chelsea have topped the Premier League since the opening day of the season. Jose Mourinho has praised his side's consistency, with a hint of caution. The Blues are seven points clear with eight games remaining, starting at QPR on Sunday.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea. Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown. QPR need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division all together.
Kaka hit the gym to prepare for Orlando City's trip to Portland Timbers. The Brazilian has not scored since the opening game of the season against New York City FC. Orlando City lost 1-0 to DC United at the Orlando Citrus Bowl last Friday.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 3-0 in the local derby at Ashton Gate. Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored the goals for Bristol City. Steve Cotterill could be just a week away from putting Bristol City back into the Championship.
Bristol City drew 1-1 with Preston North End at Deepdale on Saturday. Steve Cotterill's side are eight points clear at the top of League One.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored.
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Monday after a 2-0 defeat to Derby. Gary Caldwell has been appointed as the Latics' new manager on a permanent basis. Caldwell, 32, is the Football League's youngest manager at the DW Stadium. The Latics are eight points adrift of safety in the Championship with five games to play.
Alexander Kristoff beat off competition from Niki Terpstra to win Tour of Flanders. Team Sky's Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of Kristoff. Thomas was hoping to become the second Briton to win the race after Tom Simpson in 1961.
Dani Alves has been offered a new contract by Barcelona, according to his agent Dinorah Santana. The 31-year-old's contract expires in the summer with Manchester United and Liverpool among the clubs keeping tabs on his availability.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona. The 31-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs including Manchester United and Manchester City. Alves's agent and ex-wife Dinorah Santana confirmed he has rejected a three-year deal.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games for Crystal Palace this season. Alan Pardew believes Murray is reaping the rewards of his loan spell at Reading. The Eagles boss believes Murray has been fitted with a 'bionic' knee.
The Jungfrau railway runs from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. The video was taken from the point of view of a train driver on the 9km long electrified track.
Monkey snatches banana from woman's hand and begins scoffing it down. Video was filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi.
Steve Harmison is doing a fine job with Ashington AFC. The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side. Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, is seen in the 50-second clip at Coldingley prison in Surrey. He clutches a glass of homemade illegal brew in the clip, which also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge, before it was shared with friends on WhatsApp. Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in the run up to Christmas in December last year.
Manchester United are eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal's side beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday to take them to third in the table. Van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of getting United back into the Champions League.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters. The Englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50 but at one point, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas Open, he was projected to fall to 54th.
Padraig Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters. The Irishman had fallen out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic in Florida. Harrington ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against West Brom. Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after eight minutes. The Millers are now just two points behind Blackpool in the Championship table.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute. Darren Bent capitalised on shambolic defending to score a late second. Wigan are now eight points adrift at the bottom of the Championship.
Dave Tyler, 72, built his own observatory in his back garden in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system. The amateur snapper is able to capture sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares.
Brendan Rodgers insists there is no crisis at Liverpool despite defeats by Manchester United and Arsenal. Reds boss has denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on Sunday was designed to quell dissent among his players. Wednesday's FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn represents Liverpool's best chance of making progress this season.
Orlando City are the latest club to have expressed interest in Javier Hernandez. The Mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the MLS side. United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira. Click here for all the latest transfer news.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Staines Town. Spurs went into the game sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with Manchester United. The result saw Spurs climb to third behind United and Liverpool while the Blues remain eighth.
Men aged 65 and over are ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of their parents’ generation, Cancer Research UK research shows. Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
Substitute David Edwards headed home a late winner for Wolves. Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory. Benik Afobe, Nouha Dicko and Alex Mowatt scored for Leeds.
Yann Kermorgant scored a late penalty to make it 3-2 to Bournemouth.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area. Linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor. Velez manager Miguel Angel Russo said: 'Delfino has every right to change his decision. But by his own decision, not off the television'
Ander Herrera has expressed his desire to remain at Old Trafford for years to come. The 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches for United.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga clash at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema all got on the scoresheet for La Liga leaders.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham. Crawley were 2-0 up at half-time against the Latics in League One on Monday.
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at Carrow Road. The Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October. Johnson netted his 12th and 13th goals of the season in the first half.
Jordan Henderson is seeking a new £100,000-a-week contract before committing his future to Liverpool. The club's vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but he is approaching the final year of his current deal. An improved offer worth £5.2million-per-year will be enough for Henderson to stay, according to Sportsmail.
Manchester City have shelled out for six coaches to transport 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park. The move was made after TV scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Nahki Wells opened the scoring for Huddersfield after 12 minutes. James Vaughan doubled the lead for the home side after half-time. Luke Varney pulled one back for Mick McCarthy's side in the second half.
Ben Cousins handed himself in to police on Thursday morning after failing to make a court appearance over traffic charges. The former AFL star was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test. He was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park. Cousins was due to appear in court on Wednesday morning but failed to show up. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. Magistrate Steven Malley told Cousins his decision not to front up was the wrong one.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals, including an eight-minute hat-trick. Gareth Bale, Marcelo and Karim Benzema also scored for Carlo Ancelotti's side. Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona.
Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have been key players for Arsenal. Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect the pair to be playing such key roles for the Gunners. Wenger had all but given up on the Frenchman when he was sent on loan to Charlton.
Arda Turan was celebrating after Turkey's 2-1 victory against Luxembourg. He went to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system. Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of safety rules.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City must sign a 'crack' player this summer. The club are currently fourth in the Premier League table ahead of Monday's trip to Crystal Palace.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute. Odion Ighalo doubled Watford's lead in the second half. Middlesbrough have now lost four of their past five away games.
Malky Mackay has been sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge. The Latics lost 2-0 at home to Derby County on Monday night, leaving them eight points off relegation. The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman David Sharpe. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in El Clasico at the Balaidos Stadium. Jeremy Mathieu headed home in the 73rd minute to put the Catalans ahead. Gerard Pique made an incredible, game-saving tackle on Celta striker Charles. Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets.
Club Tijuana star Juan Arango bites Jesus Zavela in a 4-3 defeat by Monterrey. The Venezuelan icon sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavala in a moment of madness. He was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since resigning for Surrey last month. The 34-year-old tweeted a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'Pietersen was later pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm.
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. The Liverpool boss admits this slide out of the elite will damage the club in the transfer market. Rodgers says he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada on Sunday. The Portuguese superstar scored an eight-minute hat-trick, equalling Lionel Messi's La Liga record.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 to go top of La Liga on Sunday. Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonians in the win. Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match and blamed the internationals.
Video allegedly shows ISIS militants destroying a historic city in northern Iraq using sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs. ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old in the ruins of Nimrud, located near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Liverpool face Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday. Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him and Steven Gerrard in Paris.
Ander Herrera scored a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday without looking at the ball. The 25-year-old joined Manchester United from Athletic Bilbao for £29million in the summer.
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille after half an hour. Blaise Matuidi equalised for PSG with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box. Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later, as PSG went ahead.
Nik Wallenda, 36, said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29. The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on May 4. Wallenda previously walked atop a Ferris wheel in Santa Cruz, California, but he said the size of the much larger Orlando wheel sets this stunt apart.
Seven baby foxes were discovered in a cardboard box in a car park in Pennsylvania. They were discovered by a woman who noticed the box next to a clothing donation bin. The cubs were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center in Stroudsbury, where they are now being cared for.
The new Main Stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators and will be open in time for the 2016-17 season. The expansion will increase the stadium's capacity from 45,000 to 54,000 with an expansion of the Anfield Road End.
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders. He was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, Florida, on Sunday night. But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. The bouncer and his friend chased the man, and tackled him to the ground.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring for Sampdoria against AC Milan on Sunday night. Roberto Soriano scored just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box. Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes. Milan were back level on 74 minutes when Nigel de Jong's spectacular effort was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano but found the back of the net off Alfred Duncan's leg.
Camilla Kerslake, 26, wore a daring, backless black dress at the Olivier Awards. She was accompanied by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins on Saturday. The couple looked the picture of happiness as they arrived with their arms around each other.
Real Sociedad and Deportivo La Coruna had to settle for a share of the spoils in San Sebastian. David Moyes' side took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute. Lucas Perez equalised for the home side in the 38th minute from the penalty spot. Gonzalo Castro scored one of the goals of the season in the 57th minute.
Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of teenager Chancey Luna. Luna is accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane. If found guilty, Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release. The trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days.
Unnamed 13-year-old gave out $100 notes at Claggett Middle School in Medina, Ohio. He then went to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash. The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway. Police recovered $7,000 of the man's savings, as well as some of the items bought with it.
The clip was created by HLN's The Daily Share to highlight the prevalence of this 'women's tax' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women and then revealing the price differences. This practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Jordan Spieth leads Justin Rose by a shot at the Masters. World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods are in a five-way tie for fifth.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. Kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic, who was carrying their first child, while filming at Sydney's Restaurant Balzac in 2004. The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
A 75-year-old man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland on Monday when he was bitten on the leg by a crocodile. The man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him. He received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer took to his Twitter account to send his well wishes to the man.
Didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season. The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012, signing a 12 month deal. But the Blues legend's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones. When they sought help from the principal and Clatskanie District police chief, they were told they would be charged. All three girls have subsequently moved to new schools.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years, so it's safe to say he's witnessed his fair share of blockbusters. Despite Sir Alex Ferguson's Manchester United finishing top of the pile at the end of the season, the game still holds a place in Tyler's personal archive.
Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. The Mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid. Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested in signing him. Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress. United are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
Eric Harris, 44, was allegedly caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. Deputies chased after Harris, first by car then on foot, in nearby parking lot. Once they catch up to Harris, they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach. Robert Bates, 73, then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out his service weapon and pulls the trigger. After firing one round into Harris, Bates drops his gun from the recoil and says in shock: 'Oh, I shot him! I'm sorry'Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help.
Inter Milan have opened talks with Manchester City about a deal for Stevan Jovetic. The Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. But City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis this summer. Inter are also interested in a move for midfielder Yaya Toure.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer. The 29-year-old joined Fiorentina from Bayern Munich for £17.2million in July 2013. Gomez has scored four league goals for the Viola so far this season.
Santi Cazorla says he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid. The 30-year-old has scored seven goals and provided eight assists for the Gunners this season.
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp this summer. The Spain international admits it is only logical that there is talk of him leaving.
Ronny Deila wants to keep Manchester City defender Jason Denayer on loan next season. Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets, according to Deila. Denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club Manchester City.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than 20 metres without crutches. Grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years. But fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for a Sunday League team.
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that Arsenal are not going to win the Premier League. The club's chief executive says the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea, but admits winning the title is unlikely. Gazidis fears Arsenal may struggle in the future due to a surge in TV money.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer. The Blues technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender. The 31-year-old has a year left on his contract and has yet to agree a new deal with Atletico. Miranda has been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial. The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with child sex offences. He has been free on bail since March, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago. The case was adjourned to the Campbelltown court on June 10.
Thibaut Courtois was exceptional in Chelsea's win over QPR on Sunday. The Belgian has been criticised for his performances in recent weeks. His poor touch allowed Abel Hernandez to score against Hull on March 22 and Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke.
A handful of Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for allegedly mocking the Munich Air Disaster during Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat by Manchester United. Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy. 23 people perished after a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson both crashed out of Family Circle Cup in Charleston. Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel both progressed in straight sets. Lauren Davis beat Grace Min and Sachia Vickery beat Jessica Pegula.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday. Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his own record of 272 made in a single season. LaMarcus Aldridge had 27 points and Damian Lillard added 20 points and eight assists for the Blazers. Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Liz the bearded dragon lives with owner Shannen Hussein, 21, on her hobby farm in Melbourne. The reptile is rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat. Liz 'absolutely loves' the larvae and will do anything to get one, according to her owner.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for the Chinese Grand Prix. The Briton is bidding to win his fourth race of the season at the Shanghai circuit. Kimi Raikkonen was second quickest ahead of Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo.
The new chief executive of Rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more than the outgoing boss. Martin Kimber left in December after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse. The rest of the cabinet resigned in February after Government report said the council was 'not fit for purpose'
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship. The 29-year-old would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible if she wins three qualifiers.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday. Murray has lost his last seven matches to the Serb and is now ten out of eleven defeats against the world No 1.
Cleveland Cavaliers small forward LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could. Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time, with titles such as 'Man of the Year' being handed out. James scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the Cavs against Milwaukee Bucks.
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain debut at the World Championships in Holland next week. The 20-year-old forward sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United during the January transfer window. The 23-year-old joined on transfer deadline day along with close friend Gary Mackay-Steven.
David Meyler was sent off for a high challenge on Kyle Naughton on Saturday. The full back was taken to hospital with ankle ligament damage and will miss the rest of the season.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night. Al Kellock and Dougie Hall are to retire at the end of their professional careers. Both have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club. The match ball will be presented by Kellock's dad and Hall's mum.
Billy McNeill was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967. As a player, McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and lifted the League Cup once. He was named Scottish Footballer of the Year in season 1964-65.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday. The win leaves the Southwest Division split by half a game. Memphis drew level with Houston by beating New Orleans 110-74. Atlanta completed a season sweep of Brooklyn by winning 114-111. Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. John Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face the Reds. Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger in the top flight. Carver is planning a major overhaul of his squad this summer.
Geoffrey Kondogbia has impressed Liverpool scouts this season in Europe and Ligue 1. The France international was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to his move to Monaco. Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and PSG were all keen on the 22-year-old.
Newcastle United face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. John Carver says his players have a point to prove when they travel to Merseyside. Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in danger of relegation from the top flight. Carver admits he does not know where his side's next point will come from.
Gareth Bale scored twice for Wales against Israel as they claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying's group B. The 25-year-old scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country in all competitions.
Danny Ings' contract at Burnley expires in the summer. Manchester United, Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester City have all shown interest in the 23-year-old. Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Fernando Torres believes Diego Simeone's coaching style is key to Atletico Madrid's success. Atletico beat Real 4-0 in February's La Liga meeting and beat them in the Supercopa last 16.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico to replace Roma as Serie A leaders. Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to return to fourth place in the table. Palermo beat Udinese 3-1 to record just their second away win of the season. Chievo move 13 points clear of the relegation zone with a 1-0 win over Cesena.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam at the Masters. The Northern Irishman heads to Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Wakefield Wildcats lost 80-0 to Warrington Wolves in First Utility Super League. Coach James Webster said after the game he does not have enough players.
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for the club in the 89th minute but there was no cause for celebration. Aguero is settled in Manchester and signed a new five-year deal only last August. Real Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in keeping hold of their star man.
Salford's last home win against Leeds was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory in November 1993. Niall Evalds followed up his two-try show against Wigan with another brace with the Red Devils other touchdown from Lama Tasi.
Mike Brown hasn't played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21. The 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai. Brown has played just six of his club's last 19 games after sitting out of the coming weekend.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured victory. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring and also netted late on for his 100th City goal.
Diego Costa has been told he will miss just over two weeks with a hamstring injury. The striker limped off just 11 minutes into his return against Stoke City on Saturday. Costa is likely to be fit to face Arsenal in the Premier League title race on April 26.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer, and if he is, he will have left little behind. Progress at the Etihad Stadium has in recent years been slight. City's squad, constructed carefully and expensively, is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Eliaquim Mangala, Glenn Murray and Yaya Toure were all on the substitutes' bench.
John Stones was on Barcelona's shopping list of central defenders last summer. The Catalans were desperate for reinforcements and Stones' performances caught the eye of the Catalans. Barcelona ended up signing Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m and Thomas Vermaelen from Arsenal.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back. There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style. Martinez insists that his tactics are 'innovative' and points to his changes made against Southampton.
Romelu Lukaku's new agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned his £28million move to Everton had he been his representative earlier. Roberto Martinez insists he is not worried that Lukaku’s new agent will destabilise the player.
Tottenham will play a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup in Kuala Lumpur next month. The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27. Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games. The 21-year-old scored just 79 seconds into his England debut against Lithuania last month.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park. Phil Jagielka scored the only goal of the game. James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling the pressure.
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas. No player has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same year. Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at Augusta National.
Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke. The Spain international was left bloodied after the clash at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. The Blues extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while practising on Monday at Augusta National. The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game. Woods has not played competitively since the first week in February and has battled through a bout of the chipping yips.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters to be with his wife Audrey. Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored for Jose Mourinho's side. Willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from the win.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season. Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to be named PFA Players' Player of the Year. Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at the weekend to go top of the Premier League. Louis van Gaal believes Manchester City's players may struggle with being in fourth place. United have not beaten City at Old Trafford since Wayne Rooney's wonder goal in February 2011.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria travelled to Portugal on Easter Sunday. Rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside Di Maria and their families on a private plane. Manchester United and Argentina duo sealed moves to Old Trafford during the summer transfer window. Both played the full 90 minutes against Aston Villa while Di Maria came on for the last 20.
Philippe Coutinho believes winning the FA Cup would save Liverpool's season. The Reds are seven points adrift of fourth in the Premier League with seven games remaining. Liverpool face Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday night.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal's side in the 43rd minute. Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley. Angel di Maria added a third goal for United in the dying minutes of the game.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. It was the Eagles' ninth win in South London since he left Newcastle at the end of December. John Carver has picked up just nine points in his 12 games in charge at St James' Park.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday. The Frenchman has now scored four goals in his last six Premier League games. QPR's Charlie Austin is this week's runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2. Chelsea's Eden Hazard completes the top three with a score of 51.7.
Liverpool face Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers is considering recalling Dejan Lovren for the game at Ewood Park. The Reds were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Alex Pritchard put Brentford ahead in the 21st minute with a stunning 25-yard free-kick over the wall and just past David Button's left post. Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes for Derby, but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt the Rams.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom. The 21-year-old has said he wants to play Champions League football. West Brom were open to bids of £20million for the striker in January.
Leicester City travel to West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday. The Foxes are bottom of the table and six points adrift of safety. Nigel Pearson insists they have no margin for error in their relegation fight. Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are both back in contention for the trip to The Hawthorns.
Barcelona star Neymar was substituted during the 2-2 draw at Sevilla on Saturday. Neymar has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season, according to reports in Spain. He was replaced with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play, and Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much'
Troy Deeney won the Championship's Player of the Month award for March. Watford are currently just one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth with five games to play.
Jeremy Peace has put the club up for sale for £150million. Tony Pulis is adamant Peace will only sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily. Peace is open to selling West Brom as long as a suitable owner can be found by July.
Michael Owen claims Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil. The former Liverpool forward made the claim before Arsenal's 4-1 win against Liverpool. Owen believes there should not be a debate about whether Sterling is more talented.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday. The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid. Santi Cazorla tweeted: 'A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo, I hope it's not too serious'
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in German Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury in their 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday. Midfielder missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury. Bayern are already without top scorer Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Holger Badstuber and Franck Ribery.
Bayern Munich travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. The Bavarians are through to the Champions League last eight where they face Porto later this month.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready for the first team. Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players. City's current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when Frank Lampard departs. Everton's Ross Barkley and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere have also been linked with a move.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday night. Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' following Wigan's draw. Caldwell replaced Malky Mackay on Wednesday and is the youngest manager in the league.
Gary Hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion in the Sky Bet Championship. Graham Dorrans gave the Canaries an early lead as his right-footed free-kick deflected off Josh Vela into the net. Adam Le Fondre looked to have rescued a point and extended Bolton's unbeaten run to four games.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth place in the Premier League. Gary Neville believes United are getting closer to being 'the real deal'
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo Sevens. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries in the decider. It is England's first title since February 2013 and puts them fourth in the series.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville. She is the head coach of England's netball team at this summer's World Cup in Australia. Neville has performed impressively as the boss at Manchester Thunder. She was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month.
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre, and attracts a certain type of clientele. The restaurant's owner – Mr Wing himself – is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible, and is often snapped in the photographs with the city's celebrities at his five-star venue. Wing's has been'recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years', according to their website.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 in the Premier League on Saturday. Arsene Wenger's side have won seven of their last eight games in all competitions.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by rollercoaster run of form. Gers suffered the first defeat of Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South. Rangers had recently secured victories over Scottish Championship rivals Hearts and Hibernian.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. The 23-year-old surfer, who was taken into custody in June last year, said he cannot wait to get back in the water. He said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'
Novak Djokovic lost the Miami Open final to Andy Murray on Sunday. The Serbian player shouted at his backroom team after losing the second set. He grabbed a towel from a ball boy who was caught up in the crossfire during the confrontation. The ball boy seemed startled by the loud exchange and apologised to his parents.
Sepp Blatter has received the full backing of African football's president Issa Hayatou. Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998. FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo are standing against him.
Atletico Madrid beat Real Sociedad 2-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Mikel Gonzalez and Antoine Griezmann scored either side of half-time to put Atletico ahead. David Moyes' side had not conceded a single goal in their previous four games.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano. The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat. Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90.
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find leg had gone cold. Ex-Tottenham and England star's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb. Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated. Surgeons needed to replace main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples.
Jennifer works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
Bizarre incident was caught on CCTV at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park. It shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at the station, damaging it in the process. Briitish Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday. Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both praised the Slovenian goalkeeper.
Danielle Jones, 33, and her boyfriend Darrel got married on Good Friday. Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young asked Gary Barlow to sing at their best friend's wedding. The pair started a Twitter campaign to get the singer to perform at the reception. But he secretly replied to the pair saying 'let's do this' - on condition they kept it secret.
Deanna Robinson was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son. Robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest, interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. She is survived by her husband Benjamin, daughters Hope, Reagan and Caroline and son Walker.
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia, ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015. The 14-time major winner recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon. Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes. Diego Godin was man of the match for Atletico Madrid with a solid display.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 at Hillsborough. Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute.
TOWIE star Jake Hall scored a vital goal for non-league side Boston United on Monday. Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the Pilgrims on course for a place in the Conference North play-offs. Lewis, his on-off girlfriend in the popular ITV show, was watching on at York Street.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are getting married this weekend in Dumblane, Scotland. Murray, 27, says 'I do' with his long-term girlfriend, also 27, on April 11 at Dunblane Cathedral. Guests wishing them well in his hometown will be largely a gathering of close family and friends. Murray has said: 'I don't have any celebrity friends so it wasn't something that was planned'
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears the video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws. If they had aired it without the warning, the company could have faced a fine of £13,200 under 2013's gay propaganda laws. But Dozhd, an opposition network, said it acted before being instructed by the Russian government.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey. Doctors discovered bruises all over her body and burn marks on her head. Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and her then boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today. The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child and causing serious physical harm to a child.
Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a small private funeral in Sydney's eastern suburbs on Wednesday. The cricketing legend was farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne. The 84-year-old former Test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator wished for a small, dignified ceremony attended only by immediate family. Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral, which Mrs Benaud politely declined.
Huddersfield secure their place in the Championship with a goalless draw at Brighton. Birmingham's Demarai Gray scored twice in their 2-2 draw against Blackburn Rovers. Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton against Bolton.
The 44-year-old slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon. She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout, which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level. She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres. It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue her.
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season. The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's under-21s against Derby on Wednesday. It is understood he has succumbed to injury once again.
Sally and Stephen Morley are one of some 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology. The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing. It also allows experts to select the best embryos based on how they form. This narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to being substituted against Sevilla. Neymar scored a superb free kick to make it 2-0 to Barca after Lionel Messi's opener.
Dane Bouris appeared at Waverley Court on Tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home - in Sydney's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend. Bouris, 33, is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice. He is the hotelier of Morgans Boutique Hotel in Darlinghurst after beginning his career at the company his father started.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed. Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining. Sleepless night was the top occurrence, with almost half (46%) of Brits citing that this causes anxiety.
Limmy posted a video of a three-inch house spider crawling out of his mouth onto his chin. The 38-year-old, who starred in the BBC comedy Limmy's Show, commented 'Sweet dreams' to his fans.
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Raheem Sterling has attracted interest from a number of big clubs this summer. The 20-year-old has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week and could look to force a move away from Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Sterling will not be sold this summer, even if he fails to agree a new long-term contract at Anfield.
Izzy Brown scored twice as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final. Brown opened the scoring in the 55th minute to give Chelsea the lead. Dominic Solanke doubled the Blues' lead in the second half to make it 3-1. Jeremie Boga and Ola Aina completed the scoring for the Blues.
Yaya Toure is a target for Inter Milan, according to general director Marco Fassone. Inter are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million) for the Ivory Coast midfielder. The 31-year-old has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 Premier League appearances this term for Manchester City. Inter also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were featured in Hillary Clinton's video announcing her 2016 White House bid. The couple, who are planning a summer wedding, were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year. Milrad's voiceover said: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about.'
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal. The 22-year-old defender has impressed the boss of his national team as well as scouts at White Hart Lane. Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Tottenham this summer.
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at Liverpool. Paul Scholes has told Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue his development. Scholes says Sterling does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week.
N'Golo Kante is attracting interest from a host of Premier League clubs including Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton. Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old.
Valencia left-back Jose Luis Gaya has a £13m buyout clause in his contract. The 19-year-old is Real Madrid's first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season. Chelsea and Manchester City are both willing to pay the clause for Gaya. Gaya is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches this season.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) shortly after her 18th birthday. She played for Mount St. Joseph's women's basketball team in Ohio and raised $1.5m for cancer research. But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital. As news of her death became public, thousands of people took to social media to pay their respects. LeBron James, 30, posted an emotional farewell letter to Lauren via Twitter on Friday. He praised her for her 'leadership, courage, power, leadership, etc etc!' and'strength'The Cleveland Cavaliers player signed off the letter - which was posted to his Twitter page - 'Sincerely, LeBron James'
National Bar Association is calling for Officer Clarence Habersham, 37, to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of Michael Slager, 33, during the death of Walter Scott. Call comes after Slager is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to Scott's death. Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager who shot him five times in the back as he ran away.
Pop star, 41, wanted to build a two-storey extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house. Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page, who lives next door, was upset that building work in Williams' garden would cause disruption to his property, built in the 1870s by Victorian architect William Bruges. Williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday. The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported.
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. The 44-year-old is appealing a 33-year prison sentence for money laundering.
Bruno Labbadia has been appointed as Hamburg's new coach on a 15-month contract. The 49-year-old returns to Hamburg for a second spell after coaching the club for one season in 2009-10. Hamburg are the only club with a perfect Bundesliga record, having played every season in the top division since 1963.
The child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex, when the dog attacked her. She suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident in Findon Road, Whitehawk. Police said the dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two were black and one was white.
Newcastle are nine points above the relegation zone. John Carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play during the current campaign.
Erica Leeder, 26, allegedly squirted breast milk at a police officer during a strip search. The mother of three faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge.
Siem de Jong could return to action before the end of the current campaign. De Jong suffered a collapsed lung in February and it was feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign. The 26-year-old returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for United's reserves.
Miracle Godson, 13, jumped into deep waters at East Quarry, Appley Bridge, Wigan, on Friday. Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at 5pm. Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held.
Hibernian stand to make £1m from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership - currently Motherwell. Under SPFL rules, play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days. Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash the profits levied from play-offs finalists from 50 to 25 per cent. The issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
Slovenia-born Aljaz Bedene can't play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup. Greg Rusedski has backed the 26-year-old's bid to overturn an ITF ruling. The world No 99 is ranked 99 in the world behind Andy Murray and ahead of James Ward, Kyle Edmund and Liam Broady.
Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Rosberg will start second on the grid with Vettel third.
Justin Rose will be paired with Jordan Spieth on Sunday at Augusta. Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in the final day's most high-profile grouping. Paul Casey and Ian Poulter, 11 and 12 shots back respectively, tee off at 19.00.
Novak Djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set of the Miami Open final against Andy Murray. The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled by the loud confrontation. He has since expressed his regret at the incident in a video posted on Facebook.
McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase on Friday. McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
Nico Rosberg misses out on pole by 0.042secs ahead of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, a surprise winner last time out in Malaysia, will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
Daniel Ricciardo has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015. The Australian driver finished third quickest in practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Jonathan Trott last played a Test for England in November 2013. The Warwickshire batsman was caught at first slip by West Indies wicketkeeper Darren Bravo. Trott was making his first Test appearance since his Ashes withdrawal 18 months ago.
Jimmy Anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 Test matches for England. Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in Australia on Saturday. The 24-year-old moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off Mario Mola by 19 seconds.
Manchester Thunder netball team filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo'Manchester United legends Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes joined Manchester Thunder to promote the Superleague semi-finals. The video features their own players and coaches alongside England women's footballers and several soap stars.
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 at the Stadium of Light last weekend. Black Cats are three points clear of the relegation zone ahead of this afternoon's visit of Crystal Palace. Costel Pantilimon was a Premier League winner with Manchester City in 2012 and again last season. The Romanian stopper admits there has been a definite mood change under Advocaat.
Celtic drew 1-1 with third-placed Inverness Caley Thistle in Scottish Cup semi-final. Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Ronny Deila's side in the third minute of stoppage time.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua. The 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009. Alastair Cook was bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 on day one of the Test.
Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for United players sales. United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer. Armstrong yesterday backed his old boss to ride out the most testing period of his managerial career.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season. Everton boss admits he wants to keep Aaron Lennon on loan at Goodison Park. Everton face Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic in the third minute. Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness Caledonian Thistle from close range.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon. Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic both scored a goal apiece for the hosts. Rangers remain level on 61 points with Hibernian at the top of the Championship.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. Stuart McCall's side are now three points clear at the top of the table. The Ibrox side face Livingston on Wednesday night in the play-offs.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings in Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool. The 25-year-old caught Lucas on the ankle in a dangerous tackle on Monday night. Newcastle manager John Carver labelled the tackle as 'indefensible'Sissoko could easily have been shown a straight red, according to Carver.
Sandro has defended former manager Harry Redknapp, saying he is not at fault for QPR’s predicament near the foot of the Premier League. QPR are currently second from bottom in the table, two points behind Aston Villa.
Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night. Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final in Nyon. Blues defeated teams of the calibre of Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of England cricket. Paul Downton lost his job as England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Alastair Cook was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign. Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer.
Chelsea face Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on Monday. Adi Viveash's side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday. Chelsea striker Dominic Solanke has scored 11 goals in the competition so far.
Team Sky's focus on the Grand Tours has left them short of riders equipped to win classics. Sir Dave Brailsford's move to put more emphasis on Spring Classics in his second five-year plan for Team Sky has already paid dividends in the early part of the season.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games in the Premier League this season. The Arsenal goalkeeper has the highest win ratio of any player to make more than 10 appearances. Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second on the list with a win ration of 90.9 per cent. Gerard Pique, James Wilson and Igor Stepanovs also make the top 10.
Rory McIlroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90F. Augusta National has its own weather centre where officials can keep an eye on any extreme changes and evacuate players, spectators and staff from the course.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose are among the biggest names at Augusta National.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of the former England wicketkeeper.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday. Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Rory McIlroy will tee off alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday. Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickelon and another mercurial American in Moore. Tiger Woods will be among the later starters alongside Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the 88th minute at Loftus Road on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game with a low shot. The win moved Jose Mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the table.
Brooklyn Nets beat Portland Trail Blazers. Brook Lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night in the Premier League. Gary Neville said the champions have a'mentality problem' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. Neville was on Monday Night Football with Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Diego Simeone's side have not lost to the La Liga champions in six matches since the 2014 final. Atletico Madrid have won this season's Super Cup, King's Cup and both league clashes.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season. The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
San Antonio Spurs defeated Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday. Kawhi Leonard scored a career-high 26 points and set a new career-best with seven steals. Tim Duncan had 19 points and Danny Green added 18 points for San Antonio, who led by as many as 28 points. Stephen Curry had 24 points, but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting by Leonard. Paul George returned from injury for Indiana as they beat Miami 112-89 to revive their play-off hopes. Houston overcame Russell Westbrook's 11th triple-double to beat Oklahoma City 115-112.
Jordan Spieth came close to becoming youngest ever Masters champion last year. The 21-year-old threw away a two-shot lead to finish joint second to Bubba Watson. Spieth believes he is better equipped to cope with the pressure of trying to win the Masters.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. The reigning champions have failed to beat Diego Simeone's side in six attempts this season. Carlo Ancelotti's side lost 2-1 at the Bernabeu before a humiliating 4-0 away defeat.
Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll scored 20 points each to help the Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury in the first half. Marcus Smart hit a buzzer-beating layup in overtime and the Boston Celtics beat the Toronto Raptors 117-166. The Golden State Warriors clinched home-court advantage throughout the playoffs with their 12th straight victory, beating the Dallas Mavericks 123-110.
Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to become the manager of Brazil. The 42-year-old claims he finds coaching 'easy' after the pressure he faced as a player. Carlos won the 2002 World Cup with Brazil and the Champions League with Real Madrid.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in our simulated All-Star game. Sergio Aguero gave the Northern combined XI the lead after less than a minute, but his team were still beaten. The Southern All-Stars boasted Harry Kane up front while the Northern side was led by Wayne Rooney.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first-leg on Wednesday. The first leg will take place at the Parc des Princes in Paris. Barcelona have already encountered PSG twice during this year's Champions League campaign, as the two sides were drawn together in the group stage.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side have lost four and drawn two of the last six Madrid derbies this season. Atletico have beaten Real twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey.
Lionel Messi is the best player in the world, according to Lucas Moura. PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday night at Parc des Princes.
Barcelona host Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League quarter-final. PSG beat Barcelona in the group stages of the competition earlier this year. Thiago Silva says Barcelona have the best three players in the world in Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz over a possible partnership. Talks have been ongoing for over a month after French side Lille cut their ties with Belgian club. Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Dutch side Vitesse Arnhem.
Bayern Munich defender Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of their Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury. The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Paris Saint-Germain beat Bastia 4-0 to retain the French League Cup. Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half. Former Arsenal defender Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for a foul on Lavezzi. Edinson Cavani scored twice in the closing stages of the match.
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber, Cornel Borbely, in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report. No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month. He reported the approach to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship on Thursday. Former Motherwell boss Stuart McCall insists he is loving life at Ibrox. The former Motherwell manager has taken over a brighter picture following Dave King's boardroom victory.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. The handball star and his brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team.
Bilel Mohsni picked up a booking during Rangers' 3-0 defeat to Queen of the South. Stuart McCall has spoken to the Tunisian defender about his discipline.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season. Edinburgh face Newport Gwent Dragons in the semi-final of the European Challenge Cup at BT Murrayfield. Edinburgh beat London Irish in the quarter-final at the Madejski Stadium.
Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat since taking charge of the Ibrox club. Derek Lyle and Gavin Reilly put Queen of the South in the lead at Palmerston Park. Lewis Kidd doubled QOTS' lead with an own goal at the start of the second half. Rangers remain third behind Hibs on goal difference with a game in hand.
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU. Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale to move seven points clear at the top of League Two. Striker Aaron Wilbraham opened the scoring in the 63rd minute with a header.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Manchester United this summer. United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker's situation at Paris Saint-Germain. The 28-year-old's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to the Premier League is most likely.
American Airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new 'indie' cabin playlists. While boarding and while disembarking, specially selected indie rock music will now be piped into the cabin. The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline's previous cabin music, which were instrumental piano versions of pop songs.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. The Dutchman recently had a falling out with manager Laurent Blanc after he was dropped against Chelsea. But he insists he's happy in Paris and has no plans to leave the Ligue 1 side. Dani Alves is being linked with a move to the French champions.
Jordon Ibe posted on Instagram, the video of him performing the moonwalk. The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks. Liverpool face Newcastle in their next Premier League game on Sunday.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years. Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix. At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy. Now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover. Brendan Rodgers believes his side's recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system. Blackburn host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Riff lets you film videos and uploaded them to th e app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project. The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs. It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Bayern Munich are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga. Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo drills. Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ended up falling over.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday night. The pair dined at Hakkasan, an award-winning Michelin star restaurant in the capital. Manchester City are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons. The Manchester United midfielder says he wears both his forename and surname. The 25-year-old joined the Red Devils for £29million from Athletic Bilbao last summer. Herrera reached the Copa del Rey and Europa League finals in his debut season at the club.
LeBron James led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday. LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they beat Bulls for their 50th win of the season. He also took some credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer.
The California Department of Corrections has set up several Sensitive Needs Housing Units to protect former members from the gangs, some of the more prominent being the Black Guerilla Family, Aryan Brotherhood and rival hispanic gangs Nuestra Familia from Northern California and the Mexican Mafia from the south.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn and began following in his own vehicle. His plan? To get the all important'selfie' and make an appearance on the Street View map.
Preston North End forward Kevin Davies injured his hand while chainsawing on Tuesday. The 38-year-old tweeted a picture of his hand covered in two plasters where the damage had been done. It's the second time in less than two months Davies has injured that part of his body. He injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United.
England bowled out St Kitts Invitational XI for 59 on the first day of their opening two-day tour match. Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out before declaring with a mammoth 320-run lead. Ben Stokes and Jos Buttler had a bit of a bash before England declared at the fall of Stokes just before tea.
Danny Welbeck was at the Manchester Arena on Monday night to watch Nicki Minaj. Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
Marcos Rojo was in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday. Marcos Rojo has been on holiday with family and friends in Portugal during a week off. Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side against Stoke City. Midfielder has been out of action since November after injuring his ankle against Manchester United.
Roy Keane is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to Fateh Kerar. The former Manchester United captain will now stand trial in June over the incident. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four. Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover. Rodgers would not go so far as to say the FA Cup could save this campaign for Liverpool.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday. The Portuguese star took to Twitter to share his celebrations with his many followers. Ronaldo is one of the fittest athletes in the world, and tweeted for his many fans to join him.
Sagan Tosu defender Kim Min Hyeok is accused of stamping on Mu Kanazaki. The 23-year-old allegedly stamped on the face of the 11th-placed Kashima Antlers player.
Christian Benteke scored a stunning hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against QPR. Manager Tim Sherwood said that Bentekes can fire Villa to Premier League safety. The Belgium international has seven goals in seven games under Sherwood.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam. The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by the Stoke City midfielder's flailing arm. The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in a new advert. The two-time Grand National winner is riding Ballycasey in the race at Aintree. The bookmaker claims he jumped straight over the car, which was travelling at 40mph. Walsh, 35, has twice won the Grand National before - on Papillon in 2000 and Hedgehunter in 2005.
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find leg had gone cold. Ex-Tottenham and England star's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb. Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated. He was treated at King's College Hospital in south east London, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation.
Matt Phillips headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead against Aston Villa. But Christian Benteke equalised for the hosts after 33 minutes with a superb free-kick.
Rio Ferdinand has won six Premier League titles, the FA Cup and the Champions League. The 36-year-old also won 81 caps for England during his glittering career. Ferdinand started the first seven matches of QPR's Premier League campaign before being dropped. The former Manchester United defender has played just five times since the start of October.
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in London on Tuesday. The Chelsea striker was spotted taking a stroll through the capital on Tuesday afternoon. The 37-year-old replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League with a game in hand.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Sunday. Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman. Wyman is one of the original members of The Rolling Stones and an avid Palace fan.
Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues. The QPR winger is level with Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne, who has 17 assists in the Bundesliga this season. Barcelona star Lionel Messi has made more assists (eight) this year than any other player. Arsenal's Santi Cazorla is one of six players with five assists this year.
Alex Iwobi scored a hat-trick as Arsenal beat Stoke 4-1 in the U21 Premier League. Jack Wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury. Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby were both recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich in 2009/10. Van Gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge at the Bundesliga club. The French winger claims Van Gaal is a 'bad man' who lost the players' trust. He admits he considered a move away from Bayern while Van Gaal was at the club.
Arsenal had 63 points from 31 games in 2013/14 and finished fourth in the Premier League. Arsene Wenger's side were criticised for throwing away the title last season. The north London side are currently second in the table after beating Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on Tuesday night as Aston Villa clinched a 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers QPR. Aston Villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the Villa Park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point as striker Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go.
Reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson admits he must 'improve as a man'103 tour professionals anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics. Watson admitted he had been involved in'some mess ups' on Tour but said he did not dislike any of his professional peers.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey went head to head at Villa Park on Tuesday night. There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football. Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick.
Leeds Rhinos have sent Zak Hardaker on an anger management course. The full back was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds. Hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year and was also fined by England for breaching team discipline during the 2013 World Cup.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia. Both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang circuit.
Aston Villa drew 3-2 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night. Former striker Stan Collymore was in the press box to cover the game. The former striker watched his boyhood club claw back a vital point against relegation rivals.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday. The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning. Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November 24. Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. The Premier League side face the League Cup semi-final at Ewood Park. The FA Cup represents Liverpool's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season. Steven Gerrard's birthday falls on May 30, the same day as the final at Wembley.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer. Midfielder would follow the likes of Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Samir Nasri to the Etihad Stadium. The Gunners are now ahead of City in the table and appear to be a club on the up.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon. Sergio Aguero and Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face each other at the Etihad Stadium. Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have tried to immerse themselves in the local culture.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year award. The West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes. The DR Congo international has also picked five Chelsea players in his XI of the year.
The image was reportedly taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach, Florida. The bobcat collected the shark after entering the water, according to John Bailey.
Images of Manchester United's new kits for 2015-16 have been leaked online. The Red Devils have signed a £750million kit deal with adidas for next season. The German brand have designed United's kits for 12 years between 1980-92.
Geoffrey Kondogbia has been linked with a move to Liverpool. The 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and Sevilla. The French midfielder has also been watched by Arsenal scouts in recent years. He was a key player for France at the Under 20 World Cup in 2013.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on English cricket. He says that the national team have lost touch with the game's public. Booth also criticises the ECB's handling of the Kevin Pietersen affair.
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity. The 22-year-old posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his Instagram account. His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life'Mings replied two minutes later: 'Aww mumma you deserve every penny. Thankyou for all the years of hard work'
Manchester United have agreed to a short pre-season tour of America. Louis van Gaal believes United will hit the ground running in the Premier League next season. United beat Liverpool in the final of the International Champions Cup last summer.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts after slipping over during his delivery. Broad complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain, after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at Warner Park. Broad was able to walk off himself and after ice treatment should return to the action.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR on Tuesday. The 24-year-old's treble was the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by players from Belgium this season. Belgium are now third in the Premier League behind France (46) and Spain (67)Harry Kane (19) and Charlie Austin (17) have scored the most goals for England this term.
Pep Guardiola's contract with Bayern Munich expires in the summer of 2016. Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and face Bayer Leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the German Cup on Wednesday night.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran. The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years. Everton face Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship. The Ukrainian club could face relegation and disqualification from UEFA competitions if they fail to settle their outstanding money owed.
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Sunday's Manchester derby. Striker has missed Manchester United's last six games with an ankle injury. Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect Van Persie to be fit enough to return.
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have been in scintillating form in recent games. The pair have both bagged braces in Manchester United's last two victories. Mata was the two-goal hero during his side's 2-1 win against Liverpool in May.
Cesc Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City on Saturday. The 27-year-old travelled to Milan to see a specialist who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner as Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final. Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg. Lazio face Juventus in the final, who beat Fiorentina 3-0 on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night. The Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona. Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by doing what all forwards should, sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years for Manchester City. Dowd was part of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in the 1969 FA Cup.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19. A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports. Fans who don't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in other demos.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design. City stars joined around 100 local schoolchildren for a street party to unveil the mural.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Reds will play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19. Jordan Henderson believes the result will give his side a lift heading into the Premier League run-in.
Steven Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay against Blackburn Rovers. He was sent off for a stamp on Manchester United's Ander Herrera on March 22. Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup final with Liverpool at Wembley on May 30.
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game against Blackburn in the Championship in November. Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial.
Unidentified restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist in Shandong, China. She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet. He tried to grab her - but she used her self-defence skills to overpower him. She pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. The former England wicketkeeper-batsman was sacked following England's dismal World Cup showing. Michael Vaughan immediately threw his hat in the ring to replace him. Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan's successor as England captain, is also a contender.
Jack Nicklaus hits a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest. The Golden Bear added another magic moment to his storied career at Augusta National. Nicklaus was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw at the time.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game to set up a Wembley date with Aston Villa. Reds captain Jordan Henderson had not slept the night before the game after his partner gave birth to their second daughter.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup sixth round replay. Philippe Coutinho scored the winner in stoppage time. Simon Mignolet saved Ben Marshall's header in the second half.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season. Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling would all have been worthy recipients. Jordan Henderson was outstanding and Martin Skrtel was a big presence.
Mamadou Sakho limped off in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Hector Bellerin beat Theo Walcott's 40 metre club sprint record last summer. The Spaniard shaved a hundredth of a second off his time, prompting the 26-year-old winger to vow to reclaim his title at the end of the season.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty as Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup semi-final. The Spaniard kicked into Stefan Kiessling's chest but was lucky to still be on the pitch. Thiago then converted the decisive penalty in the shootout after Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort. The victory keeps Bayern on course for a repeat of the 2013 treble.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation. Clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after the objects were identified during a recent river survey.
Celtic beat Partick Thistle 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership at Parkhead. Kris Commons converted a penalty to give his side the lead before the break. Stefan Johansen doubled the Hoops' advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot.
Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. The incident occurred between March 10-12, according to Bay County Sheriff's Office. The alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco. Italian media claimed Ms Moric tried to take her own life and was found by her mother. The Croatian-born model claimed she collapsed at home due to 'low blood pressure'Ms Moric told her fans that she was'shocked' by the suicide claims.
Hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 5-1 on aggregate to reach Youth Cup final. Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored two late goals to put City 3-0 up. Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the lead with 20 minutes to go. But substitute Buckley and Barker struck to kill that dream off.
Fabio Capello claims John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy. Terry was stripped of his captaincy by the FA after being charged by police with racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011. Terry retired from international football in September 2012 after the FA pursued their own charges.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas. The Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. 61-year-old changed his name to Khalid Rashad after converting to Islam. He is the brother of singer Liz Mitchell, lead singer of 1970s band Boney M. He was arrested in connection with the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, a Syrian-born imam. A man, 36, has been charged with his murder while a woman, 53, was arrested this in Brent.
Jordan Morris and Juan Agudelo scored as USA beat Mexico 2-0 in San Antonio. Jordan Morris is the first university student to be picked by USA in at least two decades. The 20-year-old pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna in the 49th minute.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012. Manchester-based trainer's stable includes Hatton’s brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the building in the United Arab Emirates.
Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985. The official inquiry into the blaze, led by Mr Justice Oliver Popplewell, concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish. Today, the former judge has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident saying they are 'nonsense'He also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly, three weeks after the fire.
Luke Shaw has revealed that Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the dressing room. Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young's peg after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match against Swansea in August. Shaw says David de Gea is the 'nicest guy in football' and is always approachable.
Man in his 70s shot and wounded his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer. He barricaded himself into his home in Zaragoza, north-eastern Spain, last night. After a night of failed negotiations, an elite police unit stormed the house this morning. The man yelled 'enter if you have the balls' before an intense firefight ensued. He shot at the officers and seriously wounded one before they shot him dead.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer. The Ghana international is keen on a move to Liverpool. Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest.
Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband Kim Jong-un during a men's football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium on Monday. The match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather, which falls on Wednesday. Images of the couple at a podium flanked by top party officials were published in state media.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he is to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German manager has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion. Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer.
Newcastle United have dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side in a skip outside St James' Park. The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images. Alan Shearer, Gary Speed and Nolberto Solano are some of the legends who are included in the photos. Newcastle have never been the same since Sir Bobby left the club.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs. He has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving. The England C team has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979.
Banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. It has captured the attention of locals, who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday. Substitute Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute. Ligue 1 top scorer Alexandre Lacazette doubled Lyon's lead eight minutes later.
Andrew Odell tweeted Aldi a picture of the rodent crawling around inside his loaf of bread. He said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket in Milton Keynes. Aldi said it had contacted Mr Odell and was investigating the grim discovery 'as a matter of urgency'
Dagenham and Redbridge midfielder Joss Labadie has been banned for six months. The 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the FA last month. He was accused of biting Stevenage defender Ronnie Henry during a 1-0 League Two win. It came just 12 months after he was banned for biting Chesterfield's Ollie Banks.
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, suffers from arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements. Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years. X-rays were taken in areas where the ape has arthritis, her hips and ankles.
The Football Association have formed a concussion experts panel. Eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer. Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted in 2013.
Paul McGowan was handed a 16-week restriction of liberty order at Airdrie Sheriff Court. The 27-year-old was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer. The Dens Park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. Dundee have vowed to support their player through his problems.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday night. The Robins are now 10 points clear of Preston North End at the top of League One. They have won the Johnstone's Paint Trophy and reached the FA Cup fourth round.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie against PSG. Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar. Pique says he has never seen a relationship like the one between Suarez, Neymar and Messi.
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs. Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory. As the officials left the field and tried to enter the tunnel a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them. A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans.
Daniel Agger has been accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. The incident was not seen by match officials during Monday's goalless draw. Brondby defender Agger is to be investigated by the country's FA.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around. But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead by police officer Eddie Trimino on February 15. Footage captured from inside a police car at the scene appears to show Hall running past the car with two officers in pursuit. Hall, who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier and was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother called police for help.
Kate Upton has revealed that the photographer Terry Richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called 'Cat Daddy' without her permission. In a new interview with Vogue Kate said: 'I was like, "That was disrespectful, you could have told me!'
Shaqueel van Persie scored with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert. Manchester United will reportedly offer Van Persie £5million to quit the club this summer.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done'The reigning Formula One world champion says it is now in the hands of his lawyers. The 30-year-old says it has been 'a pain in the backside' to negotiate for himself. Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium in Shanghai this weekend.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises. When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
Magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused a'sharp jolt' to be felt in the San Fernando Valley. The epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. There was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead with a stunning volley from the edge of the box. Adlene Guedioura made it 2-0 with a six-yard tap-in shortly after the break. Millwall had an early penalty shout turned down by Heurelho Gomes.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana when the pair caught a Bowfin. The Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail. Bowfin are native to North America and are commonly found in east America, south Ontario and Quebec.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre in Brazil. The bird is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds. Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
Jimmy Anderson is three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record. Ben Stokes was England's first man to be dismissed on day two of the first Test. Jos Buttler fell for a duck despite facing 22 deliveries on the second morning at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium in Antigua.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield. The 22-year-old was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute on Tuesday night.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment. Celtic boss Ronny Deila has confirmed the defender will miss the Champions League qualifiers. The 19-year-old made his international debut for Belgium last month.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister. Hernandez faces a charge of murder and two firearms-related violations.
Borussia Dortmund have offered Mats Hummels a contract extension. The Germany defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending his stay.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose. Bayern Munich are now 10 points clear at the top of the table. Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager and says Bayern deserved to win.
A professor in New York invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory. The world map was highly accurate and included details such as political borders and tiny coastal islands.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday. Striker Sebastian Kehl scored a stunning long-distance volley in extra time to give Dortmund the win. Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to progress to the semi-finals of the competition.
John Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road. Terry racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea's 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich. Mourinho believes the next 700 will see Chelsea supply more players for the English national team. The Blues have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League.
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. England will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago, Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day. Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states. The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
A new episode of mockumentary W1A, to be broadcast later this month, shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on Top Gear. Episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang. Pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving, with his right wrist in bandages. It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the North Korean dictator.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks. Gary Neville believes United have a good chance of beating Chelsea.
Students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri. The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum.
Goska spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals. Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer, while at the Jaguar Breeding Project.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Peter Beardsley's Under 21 side on his comeback from a collapsed lung. The 26-year-old made way at the break of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County at St James' Park.
New York state senator Jeffrey Klein has apologized to Republican political strategist Susan Del Percio. Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone'The tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a Google search for images of the strategist.
Newcastle United have lost five in a row and scored just one goal in eight hours. John Carver's side are in danger of relegation from the Premier League. Midfielder Jack Colback says Newcastle fans deserve more than they are getting.
McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par. The former US Open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National on Wednesday. Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in Boston at the end of the summer.
Attractive Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan in South China's Guangdong Province. Two years on when You asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable. Yan's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs.
Peter Quillin failed to make the required weight of 160lbs to fight Andy Lee. Lee was knocked to the canvas in the very first round of the contest in New York. Quillin's unbeaten record remains intact but Lee threw fewer punches than Quillin. Lee admits he was 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight, leading to his knockdown.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle on Thursday. The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out at the WWE event. The WWE's show in Newcastle was their latest on their tour of the UK after WrestleMania.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Anfield. The France international was given a second yellow card for a dangerous tackle on Lucas Leiva. Newcastle boss John Carver believes it should have been a straight red card.
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at Ciutat Esportiva on Wednesday evening. Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored the best of the goals for Luis Enrique's side. Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 to close to within four points of La Liga leaders.
Jose Mourinho believes he is getting better and better in every aspect of his job. The Chelsea boss has won league titles in all four countries he has managed - Portugal, England, Italy and Spain. But Mourinho regularly finds himself in hot water with the FA regarding his comments to the media.
Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The 34-year-old was all smiles as he joked with team-mates ahead of the new county championship season. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the Test set-up.
Woman driver in her 80s caused chaos when she drove wrong way along A13 in Essex. She drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound track. Some cars forced into central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
Jose Mourinho believes the Ballon d'Or should be scrapped. Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the award. The trophy is voted for by national team managers and captains.
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta after a poor start. The world No 111 struggled to get under par during the opening round of the tournament. The galleries were packed as crowd favourite Tiger Woods struggled with his short game.
Arsenal are close to signing Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield for £4.5million. Gunners chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to South America to finalise the deal. The 16-year-old has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi and would stay at Velez on loan.
Rory McIlroy was one over par after 11 holes. The world No 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71. Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman lead the field.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to try to be a gracious manager. Mourinho claims Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004. Mourinho's Porto knocked United out of the Champions League with a last-gasp goal.
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam. Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during The Masters par three contest on Wednesday. Dustin Johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky since 2013.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool. The night before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four.
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of England cricket. The former England captain has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield on Thursday night. Doherty won the first frame 71-15 before Evans went 5-4 in front in the second session. The 29-year-old was hoping to become the first women's player to play at Crucible Theatre. Snooker's governing body had been criticised in some quarters for allowing Evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in April 18.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in the FA Cup quarter-final on March 9. A 15-year-old boy posted a vile, racist rant under the username @angeIsleftfoot. It read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…'
England drew 2-2 with Norway in Belfast on Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed Leah Williamson's penalty for encroachment in the 96th minute. But instead of ordering her back to the spot, Kurtes awarded a free-kick to Norway. England were given a lifeline when UEFA chiefs ruled it should be replayed.
Manchester City face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Sergio Aguero insists City can still retain the title despite defeat by Crystal Palace. Manuel Pellegrini's side are one point behind leaders Chelsea, who have a game in hand. Aguero has scored six goals against United, including a 94th minute winner in 2012.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August. The openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on Twitter. Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears on Saturday.
World boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in his home town of Sheffield on Thursday. Brook received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at the Motorpoint Arena. Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes. Bedene will now face third seed Jiri Vesely, who beat Mikhail Youzhny. Top seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez lost to Morocco's Lamine Ouahab.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months. Arsene Wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness. The 21-year-old should play again this season, but the fear is that the problem could recur.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Monday night. Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy. The 35-year-old allowed Christian Benteke to score a hat-trick in the draw.
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64. The 21-year-old is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes. Justin Rose and Ernie Els made the early running with a 67 to tie Charley Hoffman. Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson shot 71, while Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix. Button was given a five-second penalty after the race, which dropped the British driver to 14th. Fernando Alonso was lapped by both Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen.
Philippe Saint-Andre has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of Les Bleus. He succeeded Marc Lievremont following the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand. The French rugby federation are looking for a new head coach.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by 0.042secs. The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season. Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday in the Aviva Premiership. Northampton are clear at the top of the table, with Bath, Bath, Leicester and Exeter all in play-off positions. The 22-game campaign concludes on May 16, with play-offs a week later.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers. The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011.
Sean Maitland is leaving Glasgow Warriors to play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish next season. The 26-year-old has been out of action since January with a shoulder injury. Scotland boss Vern Cotter will be concerned he is fit for the World Cup which starts in September.
Jimmy Anderson needs just four wickets to become England's all-time leading wicket taker. West Indies fell to 155 for four on day two of the first Test against England in Antigua. Anderson is two wickets short of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets. Chris Jordan believes Anderson's celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Curtly Ambrose's pep talk to West Indies bowlers must have worked on day two. Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder. Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey's match against Oxford MCCU. Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket when Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook at slip. Durham all-rounder's front foot crossed the line and the batsman earned a reprieve.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview. She said she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of. Ms Sharpe said she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead.
Michael Vaughan criticised England's top order for just looking to survive. Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook were both out for ducks in the first over. Geoff Boycott was also critical of the pair, saying they should face the new ball.
Roberto Martinez felt Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the penalty that allowed Swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium. Everton manager Martinez felt Coleman had been barged by home striker Marvin Emnes before the Irish right-back scooped away the ball with his hands. Martinez labelled the result 'a real disappointment', after Aaron Lennon's first-half strike had looked set to give the visitors all three points.
Newcastle United had more than £34m in the bank at the end of the last financial year. The club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season. Full accounts registered with Companies House on Monday show that £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum. The revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as Chelsea edged closer to the title with a ‘lucky’ win over Queens Park Rangers. The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control. QPR manager Chris Ramsey condemned the behaviour.
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League U21 Player of the Month award for March. The Leicester City striker scored three goals, including those in impressive victories against Sunderland and reigning champions Chelsea. He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty, and is looking to make an impression under Nigel Pearson.
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion. Myles Hippolyte and Marius Zaliukas traded goals in the 1-1 draw at the Energy Assets Arena. Stuart McCall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton.
Former West Brom striker Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59. Astle's widow Laraine elected the Leicester game as Astle made his West Brom debut against The Foxes 50 years ago. The Baggies wore a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit, where Astle scored the winner against Everton.
Diafra Sakho could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury. The 25-year-old came off after 58 minutes of West Ham's 1-1 draw against Stoke on Saturday. West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points and look set for a mid-table finish.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 in west London derby at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored an 87 minute winner for Jose Mourinho's side. Thibaut Courtois was Chelsea's stand-out performer with a number of crucial saves.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers’ play-off push towards the Premiership. Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in October.
Rangers board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club's famous crests. However, they are satisfied the position stems from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct, accepted by the former regime in January.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban. Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury while Callum McManaman is not yet fit. Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester's trip to West Brom.
Stuart McCall believes Shane Ferguson could play a key role for Rangers. Newcastle United winger has been out with a knee ligament injury since January transfer window. Gers boss McCall says Ferguson is 'desperate to get involved' in promotion push.
Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa, second-half substitutes during the first leg against Atletico, were present alongside regular first team players Pepe and Sami Khedira. Real Madrid return to La Liga action on Saturday as they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game. Arsene Wenger said he hopes Burnley escape relegation.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Thibaut Courtois has won the Capital One Cup, League Cup and Europa League with the Blues. The 22-year-old has also won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League at Atletico Madrid.
Arsenal should target Petr Cech if he leaves Chelsea, says Carlo Cudicini. Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season as Thibaut Courtois is Jose Mourinho's first-choice keeper. The 32-year-old Czech Republic international would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final. Neymar and Luis Suarez scored the goals that secured victory for the Catalan side. Laurent Blanc admitted that Barcelona were better than his side 'in virtually every department'Barcelona face a return leg at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster. A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives. Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. Jermain Defoe is the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy up challenge. The Sunderland striker set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings. Chris Coleman's side beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Haifa. Brazil have risen to No 5 in the world, switching places with Holland, while Chile are 16th. Bhutan have jumped 46 places from the foot of the rankings to 163rd.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United in a £31.5million transfer from Southampton last summer. The 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils at present. Luke Shaw admits his debut season at Old Trafford has been a 'frustrating one'Shaw is relishing the prospect of facing boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday evening.
Charlie Adam scored the best goal of his career at Stamford Bridge. Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards to level the scores at 1-1. But Stoke lost 2-1 as Loic Remy scored the winner for Chelsea. Adam admits he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game.
Charlie Adam scored an incredible 66-yard goal against Chelsea on Sunday. The Stoke midfielder scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves against Accrington Stanley in 2009. Adam picked the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match against Stanley.
Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham, Xabi Alonso and Maynor Figueroa have all scored from inside their own half.
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half as Chelsea drew 1-1 with Stoke. The Stoke City midfielder was 66 yards from goal at Stamford Bridge. Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have all struggled in recent weeks. Blues boss Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite decline in form. Blues beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday to stay top of the table.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday, 3pm)Stoke defender Marc Wilson is available for West Ham despite a broken hand. West Ham have won only one of their last nine Premier League games (D3 L5)
Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Lousiana, drove six children, including two of her own, to a residence just outside New Orleans so they could fight another group of juveniles, resulting in one child being shot. Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace. A 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a handgun.
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for the Manchester derby. The 31-year-old has missed United's last six games with an ankle injury. United have won their last five league matches without Van Persie.
Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday night. Mamadou Sakho will miss the Premier League clash with a hamstring injury. Emre Can returns from suspension but Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard must serve three-game bans. Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he once sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photo. The forward admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca. Suarez admits that the bite on Giorgio Chiellini was the worst moment of his career.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park. Mario Balotelli missed the game with a temperature of 38.7 Celsius - 1.7C above 'normal' body temperature. Robbie Savage branded the Liverpool striker 'pathetic' for missing the game.
Mario Balotelli shared a thermometer reading on social media to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker. Rodgers will be saddened by the fact the striker appears to have no respect for the club. The Italian has scored just once in the Premier League this season.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Lucas Leiva is hoping to make his first appearance at Wembley in the semi-final. The Brazil international missed three trips to the national stadium in 2012 with a serious knee injury.
Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool. The 31-year-old's promoter are in talks with the World Boxing Association. Mathews beat Gyorgy Mezei Jnr by fifth round knockout in Liverpool on March 6.
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at the Nou Camp in La Liga on Wednesday night. Lionel Messi opened the scoring for the Catalans on the half hour mark with a curling left-footed strike. Luis Suarez doubled the hosts' lead with a close range finish in the 55th minute. Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal in the 75th minute to make it 3-0. Luis Enrique's side are now seven points clear at the top of La Liga.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the campaign with Barcelona. The Brazil international has been sounded out by Manchester United over a move to Old Trafford. Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third year depending on the number of games played in the second year.
Kell Brook is hoping to fight Amir Khan within the next 12 months. Brook defeated Jo Jo Dan to retain his IBF welterweight title last month. The Bolton-born boxer has agreed a bout on May 30, with his opponent yet to be confirmed. Khan believes Brook is only interested in the fight because of the money it will earn him. The 28-year-old claims Brook is not even a big name in the UK and is not able to face world's biggest names.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer. Newcastle are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to Liverpool on Monday.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday. Unai Emery is one of the most animated coaches in the table and is often seen gesturing on the touchline. The Basque-born 43-year-old joined Sevilla in 2013 and has overseen a 'clear upwards trend', according to Vicente Iborra.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape going into this weekend's Grand National at Aintree. The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four major titles after rain at Augusta National. The Northern Irishman will be hoping to complete the career Grand Slam on Sunday. Augusta National has been subjected to heavy rain at some point during the week. Patrick Reed, Bubba Watson, Adam Scott and Angel Cabrera are recent champions.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night. The fixture at Anfield was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered. Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield.
Bayern Munich host Porto in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Julen Lopetegui's side are the only undefeated side in the competition so far this season. The former Barcelona manager says Porto have room for improvement.
Stars including Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley were household names in the 90s and 80s. Now their daughters are following in their footsteps and are making their own name in the fashion world. Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon, Ella Richards and Georgia May Jagger are among the models of the moment.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is yet to make his La Liga debut for Barcelona. The 22-year-old has struggled to get ahead of Claudio Bravo in the pecking order under Luis Enrique. Barcelona face Paris Saint Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National on Wednesday. The One Direction singer had a slip while carrying McIlory's clubs on the par-three course. Kevin Streelman won the contest after a three-hole play-off against Camilo Villegas. Tiger Woods also played in the contest for the first time in 11 years.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrated the start of the Thai New Year with a game of kick-ups at their Cobham training ground base. The Songkran festival, which started on Monday and finishes on Wednesday, is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other.
Rangers' final game of the season has been pushed back for TV purposes. The Ibrox club will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3, 24 hours after Falkirk and Queen of the South play. Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge and Hibs chief executive Leanne Dempster have lodged formal complaints with the SPFL.
Rory McIlroy and Niall Horan will swap girls screams for Augusta greens on Wednesday. The Northern Irishman looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career Grand Slam. One Direction singer Horan is an honorary member at Mullingar Golf Club in Westmeath.
Gareth Bale injured his left foot during Real Madrid's training session on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side face Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday evening at the Estadio de Vallecas. Bale scored Real's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. The 39-year-old is at Augusta for his 20th appearance at the Masters. Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
Ben Flower was the first player to be sent off in a Grand Final last year. Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower back 'a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger'Wigan face Warrington on Thursday in the Super League derby at the DW Stadium.
Brazilian football clubs have been put on alert after a dengue fever outbreak. Three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease this week. Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero, Palmeiras reserve goalkeeper Aranha and Santos striker Leo Cittadini have all been diagnosed. Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for Wednesday's game at the Nou Camp. PSG beat Ligue 1 rivals Olympique de Marseille 3-2 and thrashed St Etienne 4-1 in the French Cup semi-finals.
Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for Leeds Rhinos. The 37-year-old New Zealander has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford. The Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season, but has still managed 10 Premier League goals. Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move for the 31-year-old. Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer.
New Bush Tucker Trials at Thorpe Park Resort in Chertsey, Surrey is now open to the public. The world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze is inspired by the hit TV show. The new attraction has been visited by actors Angela Griffin and Tamzin Outhwaite. Boxer David Haye, Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the opening.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield to move within four points of the top four. Goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen secured all three points for Brendan Rodgers' side.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well.
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply. Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings.
Ben Flower landed a sickening blow on Lance Hohaia in front of 75,000 people at Old Trafford. The 27-year-old was the first man to be sent off in the Super League Grand Final. Flower was handed a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg - using a glass of water. The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
Southampton host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday. Ronald Koeman wants his side to rediscover their scoring form to make Europe. The Saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema both impressed in training on Monday. Gareth Bale returned to the squad after missing out on Saturday's win over Eibar with an injury.
John Carver says he would walk away from Newcastle United if the club’s hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley's running of the club and perceived lack of ambition. Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies and, in the wake of Sunday’ s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland, the owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism.
Eden Hazard will make his 100th Premier League appearance for Chelsea against QPR on Sunday. The Belgium international has grown into one of the best players in the Premier League. Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012 after the Blues beat a host of clubs to his signature.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in just six years with the La Liga giants. The Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano and Raul's club record.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Saturday. Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night and are three points clear of the relegation zone.
Mark Selby, John Higgins and Ding Junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the China Open. Selby continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor. Higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat Scottish countryman Graeme Dott 5-2.
Mike Tindall bought Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner. Zara Phillips, an experienced rider, called him an idiot after he bought the horse. But she was there with him, cheering the horse home as it almost caught the winner Many Clouds and second placed Saint Are in a thrilling finish.
Mark Hughes wants to make the Britannia Stadium pitch bigger to suit his side's style of play. The Potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League - along with QPR's Loftus Road and Tottenham's White Hart Lane. The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon. Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera, Angel di Maria, Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie among stars in action. Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the table ahead of the game. Manchester City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford - 6-1, 2-1 and 3-0.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager. He has won Premier League, Serie A and La Liga titles, as well as two Champions Leagues. Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Richie Benaud has died in a Sydney hospice surrounded by his wife Daphne and family. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted. Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world's most recognised commentators. He was the mainstay in Australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in November last year he had skin cancer.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semi-final. Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave Chelsea the lead. Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before substitute Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win. Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
Rita, 24, has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range. She has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them. The result? A collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself. The range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1.
Chris Smalling has joined the Twitter-sphere just days before his side's clash with Manchester City. The 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best centre backs in England. Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site and said: 'Hi Twitter!
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday. Doctors told her she wouldn't make it past December. She played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance against West Indies on Monday. Trott admitted he thought his England career was over after he reached 'breaking point' in Brisbane. He was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham against Wigan on Friday. Jermaine Pennant equalised for the Latics with a stunning free-kick in the 22nd minute. Matt Smith restored Fulham's lead in the 35th minute to make it 2-1.
Arsenal host Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points clear of Chelsea at the top of the table.
Campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone. A video from the office features characters in'safety suits' including Bubbleman, a 'Fashionista' and a young man in flashing lights. It is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones. Some have criticized the campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians and blaming them for accidents.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester United clash on Sunday. The Belgium centre-back picked up a hamstring injury against Crystal Palace on Monday. Man City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed he will be assessed on Saturday. City have lost three of their last five Premier League matches and are fourth in the table.
Harry Redknapp quit as QPR manager in February. The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to quit Loftus Road club. The former West Ham boss believes he would have helped QPR avoid relegation.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road on Sunday. QPR manager Chris Ramsey says he would have no problem shaking John Terry's hand. Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist abuse directed at Anton Ferdinand.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar. The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines. Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti is to give young players Jese and Asier Illarramendi a game.
Arsenal face Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday in the Premier League. Gunners players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of the game. Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' as his selected track. Nacho Monreal opted for David Guetta's lead single 'Dangerous'David Ospina opted for Colombian rap with J Balvin's track 'Tranquila'Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calum Chambers, Danny Welbeck, Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest.
John Terry has revealed his PFA Player and Team of the Year on Instagram. Liverpool playmaker Phillipe Coutinho is his Player of the year and Harry Kane is his Young Player. Tottenham striker Kane has scored 19 league goals for Spurs this season. Manchester United's David de Gea and Arsenal's Laurent Koscielny complete the defence.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to the next four weeks with a hamstring injury. The 26-year-old limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday. Jose Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winning side in Premier League history. Jose Mourinho's side have been top of the table for 230 days as of Friday April 10. Manchester United led the way for 262 days during the 1993/94 season. Chelsea could beat that record by 12 days if they stay top until the end of the season.
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the race in Shanghai. Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton, his in-the-groove world champion team-mate who also markedly outperformed the German in the first two races, in Australia and Malaysia.
Gary Neville believes Manchester City would struggle to attract top players. Manuel Pellegrini's side have been reined in by Financial Fair Play regulations, according to Neville. Former Manchester United defender believes Chelsea and Arsenal would be a better option.
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15m move to Manchester United. Mats Hummels is also expected to join United from Borussia Dortmund this summer. Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty to strengthen his defence.
The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. Tiger Woods has his name inscribed on his putter and will hope it brings him luck going into the weekend. Jordan Spieth has averaged 1.39 putts per hole, the best in the field.
Eden Hazard has been outstanding for Chelsea this season and is a leading contender for the PFA and Football Writers' awards. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes that 'it shouldn't even be a debate' that Hazard should win. Diego Costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury against Burnley last weekend.
Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta after a year's absence on Friday. US Amateur champion Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut. The stats from a brilliant day one made fascinating reading.
Justin Rose is seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at Augusta. The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under, sharing third place. Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes, finding himself playing from the trees.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU at The Parks on Sunday. Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have both had their say on Pietersen's chances of a return to the Test arena. Stewart believes that Pietersen could make it difficult for the England selectors. Hussain believes the England and Wales Cricket Board must 'watch out' for him.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has slammed post-season tours as a 'nightmare'The Gunners opted against an extended pre-season trip to India or Malaysia. Tottenham have confirmed they will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season.
Eidur Gudjohnsen scored in stoppage time to earn Bolton Wanderers a 1-1 draw at Blackpool. Michael Jacobs opened the scoring for the Seasiders in the ninth minute of the first half. Bolton have failed to win on the road since beating Wigan on April 26. Blackpool boss Lee Clark's side remain 16 points from safety in the Championship.
Oxford beat Cambridge by six and a half lengths in the first women's boat race on the river Thames. Oxford women's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew, but also for rowing and sporting equality overall. President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory, completing a clean sweep.
Benaud led his country as captain in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series. David Cameron said he had 'grown up listening to Richie Benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary'Australian counterpart Tony Abbott called it 'a sad day for Australia’
Alec Stewart admits he has had no contact with the ECB over the role of England cricket director. The Surrey director of cricket is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the position, which is to be introduced following the departure of Paul Downton. Stewart's fellow former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job.
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearance this weekend. Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in the summer of 2012. Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs in Shanghai. The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season. Hamilton will start from the front of the grid with Sebastian Vettel third on the grid.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during another investigation. Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to go second in the Premier League table. Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsene Wenger's side in the first half.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Arsenal have won seven games in a row this season. Victory against Burnley will ensure they claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight. The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games.
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea on Saturday. Adam re-enacted his famous robot celebration from 2006 World Cup. Peter Crouch was at hand to give his verdict on Adam's dancing skills. The former England striker was less than impressed with Adam's efforts.
Derby drew 2-2 with Watford at the iPro Stadium on Friday night. Matej Vydra put Derby ahead in the 23rd minute with his fifth goal in seven matches. Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up before Darren Bent and Odion Ighalo equalised for Watford.
Middlesbrough beat relegation-threatened Wigan 1-0 at the Riverside. Patrick Bamford scored the opening goal with a deflected effort in the 20th minute. Bamford has now scored four goals in his last four games for the Championship side. Middlesbrough have taken 21 of their 35 points away from the DW Stadium.
Blackburn Rovers beat Leeds United 3-0 in the FA Cup at Elland Road. Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored the goals for Blackburn. Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for Leeds for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 in the Championship on Good Friday. Manager Kenny Jackett believes it is now just the top eight in the Sky Bet Championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light on January 10. When the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car. Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor. His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone, which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne.
The unnamed woman was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening. The deceased woman had no identification on her, but she sported a distinctive tattoo on her right leg.
Manchester United's Megastore staff are sweating over their futures. Nike, who employ Fred and a number of other workers at the Old Trafford shop, will see their agreement with the club expire on July 31. Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed. Nike say they are in constant communication with United and have created an employee representation group for this specific purpose.
Charles Manuel, of Lamoni, Iowa, admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating. The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics. He also works as a part time model. Thanks to his eerie similarity to the One Direction singer, he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop. When Clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt. His wife Bonnie, 67, posted the two-minute clip on Facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund. Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Klopp's departure as a 'ridiculous circus'Borussia Dortmund won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Benedict Cumberbatch challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. The Sherlock star was hosting the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. Deng, one of the world's most successful players, won the match with a wooden spoon.
New York City drew 1-1 with Philadelphia Union on Thursday night. Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City before CJ Sapong equalised. David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Getafe drew 1-1 with Villarreal at the Coliseum Alfonso Perez on Sunday. Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to play after an ankle injury. The Argentine underwent successful operation after being taken to hospital, where he was diagnosed with a broken ankle.
NAC Breda manager Robert Maaskant let his fists do the talking against FC Dordrecht. The 46-year-old smashes his fist through the plastic casing of the dugout.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire. But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as owners plan to allow it to mature. Both casks will then be bottled to the benefit of the royal visitors' charities.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind.
Inter Milan host AC Milan in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Sunday. AC Milan beat Inter 1-0 in the first leg of the tie at the San Siro on April 12, 2005. Brazilian goalkeeper Dida was knocked to the ground by a flare during the match.
Diego Maradona scored the winner during a charity match in Bogota. The 1986 World Cup winner kicked out at a steward and a cameraman after the match. The 54-year-old was in Colombia to support the peace process in Colombia.
Arsenal take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday evening. Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in England. The Gunners boss has branded the 'circus' around Jurgen Klopp's resignation as 'ridiculous'Wenger has confirmed that second-choice keeper Wojciech Szczesny will start at Wembley on Saturday.
Bournemouth beat Reading 1-0 at the Madejski Stadium. Callum Wilson opened the scoring for the Cherries in the fourth minute.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league's disciplinary commission. The 33-year-old will miss PSG's matches against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes. Ibrahimovic will also miss the first leg of his side's Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-0 in the Parc des Princes. The Uruguayan has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for the Catalan giants. Suarez, Neymar and Messi have established themselves as the most feared front three in the world.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer. The Manchester United skipper has revealed he is captaining the team 'his own way' this season. Rooney has played under a number of big names for club and country during his career.
The unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an Edwardian semi-detached home in Greenwich, south east London. A building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a much longer ladder with a harness.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday, May 30. Brendan Rodgers' side beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 in the Copa Libertadores last 16. Leandro Marin and Jonatan Calleri scored in injury time to secure victory. Boca will now face River Plate in the last 16 of the competition. Internacional thumped Universidad de Chile 4-0 to go top of Group Four.
Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for. She has teamed up with Otterbox as they launch their new MySymmetry customisable series.
Sevilla beat Zenit St Petersburg 2-1 in Europa League quarter-final tie. Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound. Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece. Denis Suarez completed the comeback with a stunning volleyed effort from outside the box on 87 minutes.
Robert Durst, 71, was arrested last month for the suspected murder of his friend, writer Susan Berman, in Los Angeles. He has pleaded not guilty to weapons charges in Louisiana and is awaiting extradition to California. He sent a letter to reporter Molly Hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times who has been covering proceedings against Durst after his mid-March arrest in Louisiana. The letter states that Durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about Durst's thoughts on life in southern California.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s team on Wednesday. The 26-year-old is hoping to return to the first-team before the end of the season. De Jong has made just three senior appearances for Newcastle since joining from Ajax.
Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp, says Piers Morgan. Borussia Dortmund boss Klopp announced his intention to leave the German club in the summer. Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger, and believes Klopp would do a better job.
The two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on Rottnest Island off Perth in Western Australia on April 3. The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame and the men were charged.
A survey has shown Australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row. Australian prices are at 112 percent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US 1. The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft. 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year. Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London. The 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone on Tuesday afternoon. The attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag. But they ran away when she fought back and she branded them 'lowlifes on bikes'The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to be devastated.
Sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a fast moving car and flung into the air before appearing to land on her head. The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud. Astonishingly, the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running a dodgy dental practice in west Orange County, Florida. She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington. Police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties. She managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son, police said. Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton at 9am yesterday and reunited with his parents.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne with over 150 pets. The 21-year-old spends her days playing with, feeding, and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals. Her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals' unique behaviours. Her lamb Winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral last year.
Jurgen Klopp confirmed he is to leave Borussia Dortmund in a press conference on Wednesday. Klopp has been linked with several top clubs in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal. The 47-year-old was installed as the bookies' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park. The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts. The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea. Seamus Coleman fell over under the challenge from Marvin Emnes and handled the ball in the penalty box. Roberto Martinez's side had led through Aaron Lennon's first-half strike.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris Saint-Germain. The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United. Mundo Deportivo dedicated their front page to the Spaniard.
Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season in the Premier League. The Merseyside outfit played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev. Aaron Lennon scored for Everton at Swansea City but the game ended in a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ashley Young scored the opening goal and created two more for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling. The 29-year-old was delighted that he and his team-mates were able to silence their 'noisy neighbours'
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president. Bubka launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to crack down on doping. The Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with Coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body.
Dani Alves is out of contract with Barcelona this summer. The 31-year-old is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club. Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and has not signed with anyone.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Paul Pogba, according to Spanish press reports. Pogba would have to be loaned back to Juve until the 2016-17 season as part of any prospective deal. The 22-year-old has four years remaining on his contract with the Italian champions. Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem to start for Barca against Celta Vigo on Sunday.
Aljaz Bedene lost 6-1 6-4 to Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca. The world No 99 has switched allegiance from Slovenia to Great Britain. The 21-year-old will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver of Spain in the semi-finals.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta on Sunday. The 21-year-old is the second youngest Masters winner of all time. Spieth is the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots on Sunday. The 21-year-old is the second youngest Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Video maker returns home to find the infestation of birds in front room. According to the video maker there were around 30 birds in the front room when the group came home. The video maker states that he initially thought they were bats before realising they were sparrows.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open. The pair will be married in Murray's hometown Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday April 11. Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona to take a look at Jonas Bjorkman.
The Chihuahua named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Andy Murray's current coach Amelie Mauresmo has announced she is expecting a baby. The British No 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. Murray has been planning to work with Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach. The Swede was on Murray's shortlist to replace Ivan Lendl before he settled on the former world No 1 doubles player.
Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton after 37 minutes. Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break. Chris Wyles went over for a third after some shocking defence.
Sir Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record on the third morning in Antigua. Anderson picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals. Ben Stokes was frustrated twice when he thought he dismissed Jermaine Blackwood. Moeen Ali has been called up to the England squad for the remaining Tests.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie was having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. The couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room. The baby was taken by the Division of Child and Family Services.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop. The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn, but was overlooked by England throughout the 6 Nations.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott both failed with the bat on day three of the first Test in Antigua. England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day with seven wickets standing. West Indies believe they have got the better of Cook and Trott.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends. The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label. But he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called 'glory days'
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua. Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many. James Tredwell took four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings.
San Antonio Spurs have announced their new band Spuran Spuran. Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band. Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95. C.J. Miles scored 25 points for the Pacers. Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101. Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors 95-93.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games in all competitions. Ronald Koeman believes Southampton are struggling to score goals due to a lack of respect from opponents. The Saints have slipped out of the Champions League places and are seventh in the table.
Steph Curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a practice session. The 27-year-old is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history. Warriors' No 30 made a staggering 94 of his 100 attempts during the session.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday. Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute goal was enough for Arsene Wenger's side. It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row, their best run since the Invincibles team in 2004.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer. Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians in their Indian Premier League match against Rajasthan Royals.
Christian Benteke believes it would be risky to think Aston Villa can be safe from relegation. The Belgian striker has scored eight goals in six games for Tim Sherwood's side. Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter thrown from a section of home supporters at Loftus Road. QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner as Leicester beat West Brom 3-2 at The Hawthorns. Darren Fletcher opened the scoring for the Baggies after just eight minutes. David Nugent equalised for the Foxes in the 80th minute with a header. Robert Huth put Leicester back on level terms before Vardy's winner.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 on Saturday to boost their Premier League survival bid. Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals for the Foxes at The Hawthorns. Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is still firmly in their own hands.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Brom. Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies. Robert Huth equalised for the Foxes in the first minute of injury time.
Sunderland are 15th on 29 points with seven games remaining in the Premier League. Aston Villa are 16th with Christian Benteke scoring a hat-trick in a 3-3 draw against Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday. Hull are 17th on 28 points and sit above the relegation zone on goal difference. Crystal Palace are isolated on that list as a team without major incentive. Burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise? Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester?
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road. QPR boss then witnessed Cesc Fabregas score a late winner in the 88th minute. Ramsey crouched down on the touchline to collect his thoughts after the goal.
Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying at Sunderland beyond the end of this season. The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats and celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over North-East rivals Newcastle last week. Sunderland are three points clear of the bottom three in the Premier League.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season. The 31-year-old is unsure if he will be offered a new deal. West Ham striker says he has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about his future.
Tottenham will play in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game on July 29. The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, the home of the Colorado Rapids. Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Cheikhou Kouyate has warned West Ham must be ready to face champions Manchester City on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost four of their last six Premier League games, including 4-2 at Manchester United last week. West Ham have failed to find consistency in the second half of the season to drop out of contention for the European places.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League next season. Barcelona lost 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in the play-off round in August. Messi has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe during his career.
Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th minute equaliser for Stoke City. Aaron Cresswell had given the home side an early lead at Upton Park. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce admits his side are suffering from a psychological problem.
Former West Brom striker Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football. The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia after a coroner found Astle’s brain'resembled that of a boxer's'A Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out. Greg Dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the FA's failure to deliver potentially life-saving research.
Daniel Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle. Schalke and Inter Milan have also shown interest in the 25-year-old.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts has been moved back to Saturday, May 2. The Scottish Professional Football League made the decision after Sky decided to screen the match live. All five Championship matches that weekend will now kick-off simultaneously at 12.15pm. The Hearts v Rangers match will be televised live on Sky Sports.
Celtic face nearest rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie on Sunday, May 10. Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone. Ronny Deila's side will not play a Saturday league tie this season.
Mario Mandzukic and Daniel Carvajal were engaged in a physical battle during the goalless first leg of the quarter-final tie at the Vicente Calderon stadium. After the game, Real Madrid defender was asked by the Spanish media if he had bitten the Atletico Madrid striker. The Real player denied the claims, saying: 'There is no controversy, no bite, no nothing'Atletico Madrid travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend in La Liga.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead in the 47th minute. Marius Zaliukas equalised for Rangers in the 49th minute with a clever back-header. Rangers are now one point clear of Hibs in second place in the Championship.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Suarez and Neymar scored the goals for the Catalan side.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday, 3pm)Everton striker Romelu Lukaku will be given a late fitness test on a hamstring problem. Striker withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed. Everton have failed to score in three of their last four Premier League matches against Southampton. Ronald Koeman's side have won just one of 15 away games against Saints overall (W1 D3 L11)
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Neymar and Luis Suarez scored twice in the quarter-final, first-leg win over PSG. Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992. Lionel Messi is joint-most goalscorer in the competition with Cristiano Ronaldo.
Swansea City host Everton at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm)Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months. Striker Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton with a hamstring injury. Everton have won 13 and lost none of their 19 league games against Swansea.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe. The Liverpool forward was pictured at Melwood on Wednesday morning with a pipe in his hand. Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday. The 20-year-old has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide.
Burnley midfielder Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against Arsenal on Saturday. Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list for Sean Dyche's side. Laurent Koscielny and Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests ahead of the game. Santi Cazorla should make his 100th Premier League appearance in this game, while Aaron Ramsey could clock up 150.
Raheem Sterling will escape a club punishment after the Liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. The England international is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday. He will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called 'hippy crack'
Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record on June 7. The four-time Olympic champion will race at the Lee Valley VeloPark in London's Olympic Velodrome. Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix one-day race on Sunday. The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Rohan Dennis in February.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire. The inaugural event will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1.
George Bailey will join Sussex for the second half of their NatWest T20 Blast campaign. Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene, who will be Sussex's overseas player for their first seven Blast group fixtures. Bailey has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Sam Bennett was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic. The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday. Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer. The tournament will be played between July 11 and August 5. Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, and MLS sides New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will also be taking part.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique. Lionel Messi and Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the first half. Sevilla equalised in the second half through Ivan Banega and Kevin Gameiro. Barcelona are now two points behind Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga this season. The 27-year-old has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto. Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago but scored just five goals in 29 games.
Inter Milan are interested in signing Liverpool's Lucas Leiva and West Ham's Alex Song. Roberto Mancini is also interested in Manchester City duo Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky in the Parsi-Roubaix. German John Degenkolb won the race ahead of Wiggins in 18th place. Wiggins is quitting the team to ride for his own squad, 'Wiggins', before a return to the track ahead of the Rio Olympics.
Daniel Sturridge picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week. The England striker was left out of the squad for Liverpool's game against Newcastle United. Brendan Rodgers has admitted that his star striker will be monitored ahead of the FA Cup semi-final.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord, nine years after leaving the Dutch club for Liverpool. The 34-year-old signed a one-year deal with the Eredivisie club, but said his stay will likely be longer.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 in La Liga derby at the Mestalla on Monday night. Paco Alcacer, Sofiane Feghouli and Alvaro Negredo scored for the home side. Valencia are now within a point of third-placed Atletico Madrid with seven games left.
Real Madrid beat Eibar 3-0 to move two points clear at the top of La Liga. Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla, letting Real Madrid in and just two points off in second. Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 in a shock result in Italy.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half. Substitute Tommy Oar replaced Duplan in the 24th minute of the Eredivisie clash. Gevero Markiet equalised for Utrecht with five minutes to go.
Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end. The French side are now poised to link up with another Belgian club, Ostend, leaving room for a new deal and Chelsea are the preferred option. Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland and have been looking at other link-ups across Europe to help develop their squad.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday. Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsene Wenger's side in the 12th minute.
Jordan Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes at the Masters. Spieth recorded the lowest 36-hole score in Masters history at 14-under 130.
Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history. The 21-year-old set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par, beating the old mark of 13 under set by Ray Floyd way back in 1976. Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round at Augusta National.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the WBA world title on April 18. The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril for the title. But Abrils pulled out of the bout with dengue fever and has been elevated to 'champion in recess'Darleys Perez has been declared the full champion of the lightweight division.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry on Saturday in his hometown of Dunblane. The couple met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005. Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel. The pair got back together in 2010 following a brief split and got engaged last November.
Josh Warrington will box in front of 10,000 fans in Leeds on Saturday. The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters. Justin Bieber and Lil Wayne entered the ring with Floyd Mayweather before he fought Canelo Alvarez in Las Vegas in September 2013. Nathan Cleverly was also joined in the ring by fellow Welshman and legendary singer Tom Jones.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday. The Puerto Rican-born boxer has revealed he has six toes on his right foot. Garcia is 29-0 (17 KOs) and holds the Ring Magazine, WBC and WBA (Super) Light Welterweight titles.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Xabi Alonso is hoping to become the second player to win the title with three clubs. The Spaniard won the competition with Real Madrid and Liverpool.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday. Karim Benzema believes his side are capable of becoming the first side to retain the competition. James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2. The undefeated American is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Diego Simeone has turned Atletico around since joining the club in December 2011. The 44-year-old recently extended his contract with the club until 2019.
Leonardo Jardim claims Juventus are a better team than Arsenal in Champions League. The Monaco coach claimed Arsene Wenger was 'disrespectul' in the first leg of their last-16 tie. The Ligue 1 side beat Arsenal 3-1 to progress on away goals after a 3-3 aggregate draw.
Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey. The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The Philipine star also thanked NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym. Mayweather remains the bookmakers' favourite for the $300m mega-fight next month.
Juventus face Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Massimiliano Allegri's side are 12 points clear at the top of Serie A ahead of their clash with Lazio. Juventus have won the Champions League twice and would dearly love a third.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday at the Stadio Ennio Tardini. Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark. Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of the table ahead of Roma.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.
Carlos Tevez believes it is harder to score goals in Italy than the Premier League. Striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since joining Juventus in 2013. Former Manchester United and City striker has scored 25 goals for the Old Lady this season. Tevez won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2008.
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a 'boring' match for his side in Turin. Juventus boss believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach to the tie. Allegri believes Monaco have richly deserved to get to the quarter-finals.
Blackburn lost 1-0 to Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday. Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest from top-flight clubs. Blackburn have rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the last two transfer windows.
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target for a trio of English Championship clubs. Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of January interest from Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town. Former Rangers starlet Lewis Macleod will almost certainly not kick a ball for Brentford this season.
Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the 70th minute. Callum Wilson doubled the Cherries' lead with a superb finish in the 81st minute. Eddie Howe's side are now four points clear at the top of the Championship.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona in the Champions League. He will be assisted by an all-English team at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night. The referee is regarded by UEFA as England's top official and is the only English appointment for the first leg meetings of Europe's top eight clubs.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in six years as a manager. The former Barcelona boss is responsible for the decline of the Premier League in Europe.
Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended, along with a host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher. Everton manager Roberto Martinez joined his captain Jagielka and club ambassador Graham Stuart.
Luis Suarez scored a brace as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday. The former Liverpool star scored Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition. Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers in Europe behind Real Madrid.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield. He said that the men were a 'disgrace' and that he had the right to criticise them. Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against Dodd, which could include banning him.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from both sets of fans. The last time United and City met in a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season, according to reports in Germany. The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off. Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar all scored in the first half. Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in first half of the game. Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed the game against Barcelona through suspension. Edinson Cavani failed to deliver the goods for PSG.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in the past few days. The images will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million to sign the 20-year-old. Ibe was also pictured smoking shisha with Sterling in fresh pictures that will further embarrass Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach French Cup final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick and Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal. Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago. PSG face Auxerre in the final at the Stade de France on May 30.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in DFB-Pokal quarter-final. Bosnian defender Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. The 34-year-old became involved in an altercation with stewards after the game. Footage shows him appearing to headbutt a member of stadium staff. The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal with 20 minutes to play. Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner. Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals at Wembley.
Toulon beat Wasps 32-18 in the European Rugby Champions Cup quarter-final. Toulon will play Leinster in the semi-finals at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on April 19. Captain Carl Hayman admits his side 'have a lot of work to do' to secure third consecutive title. No side has ever won three European titles on the trot, though Leicester and Munster have previously registered back-to-back triumphs.
Will Stevens is yet to turn a wheel in either qualifying or the race for Manor this season. The 23-year-old is hoping for third time lucky at this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova and plans to fight for them in Rio 2016. Dorset-born Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain squad at London 2012. He applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern European state.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton against the Welsh Lion on March 27. Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks after the incident at Franklin's Gardens. Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches, after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been'reckless' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of Northampton's George North. North was left unconscious by the clash; a third blow to the head in the space of two months.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 of them golds. The 29-year-old will return to the pool in Arizona next week. Phelps was suspended by USA Swimming after his drink-driving arrest in September.
Wasps made an honourable and defiant exit from the Champions Cup on Sunday. Dai Young's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe’s premier event over a punishing weekend. Toulon are back-to-back continental champions, awash with Test talent, but they were given a scare by their tenacious opponents.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four juncture. Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion, with progression the only objective.
Caroline Wozniacki was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt in the stands on Monday. The pair watched the game between the Duke Blue Devils and the University of Wisconsin's Badgers. Watt, who previously played college football for Wisconsin in 2009 and 2010, wore his sports sweater with pride but will have been disappointed as the Badgers lost 68-63.
Castleford winger Justin Carney will be sidelined for up to two months. Australian winger dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday.
Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should move to Boca Juniors, says Pablo Osvaldo. The 29-year-old believes that the duo would be a good fit for the La Bombonera pitch.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House for the annual Easter Egg Roll. World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama on Monday. The Easter Egg Role takes place once a year on the lawn of The White House. The event is broadcast on the popular show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini's sides are in contrasting form going into the derby. David de Gea edges out Joe Hart for the goalkeeper slot and has been in fine form this season. Vincent Kompany is still the No 1 choice at centre-back, while Ander Herrera is United's man-of-the-moment.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29. He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. But after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans soon went awry. He then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast as his Qantas flight was taxiing to the runway.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel. Six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames. The small plane was scheduled to fly out to Russia from Middle Eastern country.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma. The couple were charged in March after they allegedly committed sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children, aged 5 and 6.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Robin van Persie said he was fit to play but Louis van Gaal has ruled him out of the game. Van Persie has been struggling with an ankle injury but Van Gaal says he is not fit enough to play. Van Gaal wants his side to finish as high as third and avoid a Champions League qualifying fixture later in the summer.
Manchester United face local rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing Man City at the Etihad Stadium. The Dutchman believes City will not be as defensive-minded as Aston Villa. United are currently one point ahead of City in third place in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table. The Manchester City boss points out United's expensive signings such as Angel di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Daley Blind. City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure at the Etihad and a defeat to his rivals is unthinkable. Louis van Gaal has had his critics this season but Manchester United's performances are proving them wrong.
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul was criticised for congratulating Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal before half-time. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Wear-Tyne derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. Dick Advocaat believes Sunderland's victory has set them on their way to Premier League survival. Sunderland are now three points clear of the relegation zone after the win.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in front of a sold-out Stadium of Light on Sunday. Defoe joined Sunderland from MLS side FC Toronoto in January on £80,000-a-week.
Jermain Defoe fired Sunderland into a 1-0 lead with a brilliant volley in the 45th minute against Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light. The 32-year-old fired the ball over Tim Krul in the Magpies goal with a left-footed volley.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in first-half stoppage time to secure victory. Newcastle boss John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by his side's capitulation. Sunderland moved three points clear of the relegation zone with victory.
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun in Duncan, Oklahoma in August 2013. Chancey Luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder after allegedly pulling the trigger. Family and friends, along with his then girlfriend Sarah Harper, broke down as they listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency call made by witnesses who tried to save Lane's life. Luna's lawyer, Jim Berry, made a shock admission that his client had fired the bullet that killed Lane but added the teen was'reckless' and was only trying to'scare the jogger'
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has been deployed in midfield this season and United had struggled. Louis van Gaal has returned Rooney to his preferred position up front. The 29-year-old has scored four goals in the league this season.
Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire. Judge ruled that the boy must stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health. She said the boy's parents accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to a diet high in sugar.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. Sunderland are now three points clear of the relegation zone after the win at the Stadium of Light. Jermain Defoe said: 'It just happened so quickly, but as soon as it left my foot, I knew. The feeling, why I got emotional, that feeling was unbelievable'
Mario Balotelli has received more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he is'surprised and shocked' by the level of abuse. Balotsi's team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also been targeted by racists on the internet this term. Stoke City boss Mark Hughes has called for a crackdown on online abuse.
Britain's Adam Peaty has broken the men's 100m breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds. The 20-year-old from Uttoxeter beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Sir John Madejski. She is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley. Lady Sasima is a super-rich Harvard Business School graduate who became the first female on the Thai Airways board. She believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son-in-law. 'There's no use having security. If someone really wants to kill me, they can kill me any time,' she says.
Poll led to calls for campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains. Harassment can range from “insults to other intimidating behaviour”, it said.
Dion Dublin made his presenting debut on Monday morning on BBC1. The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander. Dublin looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford. The 45-year-old certainly seemed to know his stuff as he pointed the way around the run-down property.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy had been left to play in front garden by owners Adele and Steven Worgan. But they were snatched when the couple weren't looking and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out injured. United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Premier League. Wayne Rooney could be asked to drop into midfield against Jose Mourinho's side. Luke Shaw is set to take over from Blind at left back despite fitness concerns.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. The 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition, beginning under Paul Lambert, and Sherwood said he would keep faith with his deputy goalkeeper. Brad Guzan, Villa’s No 1, suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel.
Pensioner forced to pay £20,000 in damages for allegations made online. Frank Knight, a lifelong supporter of the Seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year. Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the game at Stamford Bridge. Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role against Jose Mourinho's side. Manchester United have won six in a row in all competitions and are top of the table.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5m in 2013. Coutinho has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term. Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio has admitted he is'sad' by the club's decision to sell Coutinho.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup last month. Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender, telling him he was not fit enough to play for United. He has not played since and was withdrawn from the England squad for games against Lithuania and Italy because of question marks over his fitness.
Newcastle United have won just two games under John Carver since Alan Pardew's sacking. Carver says he's enjoying his role at St James' Park and believes he's getting the best out of his players. Newcastle have lost their last five Premier League games and are on 35 points.
Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months for four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault. The 28-year-old admitted four charges relating to two incidents at Swindon Crown Court. Former Cheltenham, Bristol Rovers and Millwall striker has been sacked by Newport County.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France if they beat Belgium in June.
Leeds beat St Helens 41-16 to go six points clear at the top of Super League. Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries in the win over the reigning champions. The 19-year-old winger has scored six tries in just six Super League appearances.
Mesut Ozil is playing his best football since joining Arsenal in the summer of 2013. The German star says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in January. Ozil was a key player in Germany's World Cup win over the summer.
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal in the Murshidabad district of the country. Footage was captured by frightened onlooker, Sushovon Das on Tuesday when a herd of elephants invaded.
Piper PA-31 was trying to land at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport on Sunday. Pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway. The cause of the crash is not yet known, and the victims have not been named.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland. The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection. Rademenes was left at the shelter because his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved.
Video shows ex-trainer John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. In the five-minute video he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head. SeaWorld spokesman Fred Jacobs said the company was given the video by an 'internal whistle-blower' last weekend and that his employment would have been terminated 'immediately' if they had known 'he engaged in this kind of behavior'
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident. Heginbotham was linked to eight other fires before the Valley Parade blaze that killed 56. West Yorkshire Police said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo. Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. A Buffalo Fire Department official told WGRZ the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air.
The video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles. He then stacks a third cup, which has a number of outfits drawn onto it, including a jacket, a t-shirt and a bikini. The filmmaker claims to have been influenced by Japanese comics.
The jury that sentenced Aaron Hernandez to life in prison on Wednesday want the world to know that they gave the ex-New England Patriots star a fair trial. The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence. On Thursday, the jury and alternate jurors say down with CNN's Anderson Cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months. Only one juror, Rosalie Oliver, didn't know of the tight end who had a $40million contract with the local NFL team.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman from South Lanarkshire, Scotland. The video was shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children, after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border. Kassab's Twitter paints a picture of their life in the city where the children cannot go to school and airstrikes hit blocks away from their apartment. The 28-year-old has a new husband, as the Islamic State does not permit unmarried foreign women to stay in Raqqa.
Sculpture depicts Yu The Great, the founder of China's first Xia Dynasty in 2070 BC, meeting his wife. The bronze tells the story of how the leader met his wife, after the couple were supposedly brought together by a mythical nine-tailed fox. Over the years tourists have kept touching Yu's hand, the fox's back, and his wife's exposed breast - leading to them becoming worn.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. She then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. The 25-year-old had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics. The 29-year-old has not competed since 2013 as she took time off to become a mother.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season. The Welshman has dedicated his last two goals to his late Gran Eileen who passed away a few weeks ago. Ramsey took time out from preparations for today's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Stains the dog had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers to get a trim. Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat, which is best suited for colder climates, had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. Its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat shaved.
Manchester City are interested in signing Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from Anderlecht's youth set-up. The Belgian starlet rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo. Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club. There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao.
The blood parrot cichlid is a hybrid of the midas and the redhead. It was first bred in Taiwan around 1986. The man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital. He went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction. He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a Ryanair flight attendant. The Portuguese-born thief begged Aaron not to tell police and said he would lose his job.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Europa League participation could hamper Tottenham's top four hopes. Spurs have failed to qualify for next season's Champions League. But the club could yet secure another season in Europe's elite club competition. Tottenham face Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final round of the Masters. Jordan Spieth won the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career with a four-shot victory.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final. The German won six of the last seven games to claim the title. This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final against Germany with a leg injury. Venus Williams has withdrawn from USA's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract at the end of the season. The 22-year-old's deal is set to expire this summer. Flanagan impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the England squad. Brendan Rodgers is a big fan of the Liverpudlian and wants to keep him at the club.
Sania Mirza and Martina Hingis beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4. The 28-year-old is the first Indian woman to reach the top of the WTA doubles rankings.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Rosberg accused Hamilton of being selfish by driving too slow and compromising his second position. Former world champion Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was within his rights to look after himself. Hamilton is bidding to win a third World Championship title this season.
Nico Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of being'selfish' in China. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest. Hamilton was absolved of any blame by Wolff and Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular calls' for their drivers. Mercedes boss says the team will have to deal with pressure from Ferrari this season. Mercedes have won two of the first three races of the new Formula One season.
Nico Rosberg criticised Lewis Hamilton after Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes team-mate claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel in his Ferrari. Hamilton claims Rosberg was not quick enough to catch him even if he tried. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda insist Hamilton was not at fault.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13. Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua also crossed for Wasps. Chris Elder scored a try on his Aviva Premiership debut for the Exiles.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had a heated press conference after the Chinese Grand Prix. Rosberg claimed Hamilton had been'selfish' by slowing down while leading the race. Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg's accusations.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved. The 24-year-old from Dorset is ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class. Cook has been granted Moldovan citizenship and will fight for them in Rio 2016.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe. Liverpool star is not the first Premier League star to have been involved in such controversy. Jack Wilshere, Diego Maradona, Paul Merson, Saido Berahino and Robin Friday have all been involved.
Rangers have been fined £5,500 by the Scottish Football Association. The club admitted the previous board breached 'dual ownership' rules by allowing Newcastle chief Mike Ashley into Ibrox. Ashley owns 9.82 per cent of the Glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit next year. The away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
Leigh Griffiths scored a 19-minute hat-trick as Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1. Kris Commons and Leigh Griffiths came off the bench to spark Celtic into life. Darryl Westlake's deflected strike gave the visitors a shock lead against the run of play.
Leicester City are three points from safety in the Premier League after back-to-back wins. Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job and not worry about relegation rivals.
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio de Janeiro. The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. Phelps said he won't be swimming at the world meet in Russia in August as part of the punishment set forth by the sport's U.S. governing body. Phelps pleaded guilty after his first drunken driving arrest in 2004.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona. It will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. Phelps was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica this week and met world-class sprinter Usain Bolt. Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time, when he became the first American President to visit the island nation since Ronald Reagan in 1982. Obama praised Bolt saying 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops.
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield and 3-0 at home to Tottenham. Juan Mata scored both goals for Louis van Gaal's side against the Reds and Spurs. The Spain international has been excluded from the Spain squad since the World Cup.
Emmanuel Adebayor takes to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham. The 31-year-old striker has been linked with a move away from White Hart Lane. The Togo international has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring glory days back to Old Trafford. United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches. Van Gaal is looking to strengthen in the summer with Mats Hummels, Nathaniel Clyne and Kevin Strootman on his radar.
Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club's Carrington training ground. The Manchester United boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city when he arrived last summer. The installation of the lights will also allow Van Gaal extra time to work with his charges in bleak winters.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals. World No 2 will be part of the Russian team facing Germany on April 18-19 in Sochi. Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open and announced their engagement last November. Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals. Ricardo Rodriguez converted a 72nd-minute penalty after Daniel Caligiuri was brought down by Julian Schuster. Bayern Munich play Bayer Leverkusen in another all-Bundesliga clash on Wednesday.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas next month. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing Jamaica colours.
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-a-week wages. The Togolese striker is out of favour under current manager Mauricio Pochettino. The 31-year-old has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga on Saturday. The former Chelsea forward thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience. The 24-year-old admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg. David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals. Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back'Luiz should not play in central defence again, according to the former England boss.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol. Torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula on Sunday. Sunday's game was also marred by crowd violence, with fans attacking Arsenal supporters and police.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. The German champions travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal for the game. Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Bavaria. Bayern boss Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said defeat was price the five-time European champions paid for a string of injuries.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games for Aston Villa. The Belgium striker admits he surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free kick against QPR last week. He has scored a goal every 87 minutes since Tim Sherwood took over at Villa Park.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 against Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini. Guardiola has a year remaining on his contract but a quarter-final exit could be a problem. The 44-year-old is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with City executives Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the Universal Cup. Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true'Milan plays Benfica in Monday's semi-finals of the prestigious youth tournament.
Kick It Out welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused Jason Brown. John Wild was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees after being found guilty of racially abusing Brown while he was playing for Dartford in a Vanarama Conference fixture at Bristol Rovers last October. Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but, in doing so, also criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, The Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez were enough for Porto.
Ben Flower returned from a six-month suspension. Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick of tries for Wigan. Sam Tomkins returned to the club on a four-year deal.
Oriol Romeu is currently on loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart. Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan Warriors on a four-year contract from 2016. The 26-year-old is to cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors. Tomkins rejected an offer from Warrington in order to return to Wigan.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts. Agent Adam Wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former Sun editor David Yelland during KP's supposed reintegration into the England team in 2012. Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation. Tehsin Nayani, who acted as a PR spokesman for the Glazer family, has written the 'The Glazer Gatekeeper'
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski. Manchester City's James Milner has 15 years' worth of top-flight experience to his name and 53 England caps. Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the World Cup but could leave Aston Villa.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company. Former QPR chief has been searching for a way back into football since leaving Loftus Road in 2011. The Italian has previously tried to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Leicester host Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday. Nigel Pearson has turned to former Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson for advice. The Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days. Ben Flower returned from a six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia in October's Grand Final defeat by St Helens. Sam Tomkins re-signed for Wigan on a four-year deal starting next season.
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho is out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury. The 25-year-old is West Ham's top scorer this season with 12 goals. Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the campaign and it is not certain he will stay on.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Gareth Bale missed a one-on-one chance and the game ended in a goalless draw. The Welshman was singled out by supporters outside the club's training ground on Wednesday morning. Bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by Spanish media.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Reading. Midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin injury and could miss the rest of the season. Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.
Jenna Louise Driscoll, 25, was charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding. The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October and was remanded to appear in court on April 13, but failed to show prompting police to issue a warrant. Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds United's sporting director. The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended.
The Druids Nephew is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase at Aintree. Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his Crabbie's Grand National blues.
Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Barclays Premier League season. West Ham starting XI on Saturday included six summer signings with Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser.
Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane with his Aston Villa side on Saturday. Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 to increase their chances of Premier League survival. Christian Benteke headed the winning goal for Villa on the 35th minute. Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home crowd's frustration.
Garry Monk says he will hold talks with Michu before deciding on the Spaniard's future. The 29-year-old has spent a frustrating season on loan at Italian outfit Napoli. Michu recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea this summer.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal during Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday. The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded. Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar. Lionel Messi can reach the impressive 400-goal mark if he hits a double at Sevilla. Sergio Rico has been given the task of stopping Barca's formidable trio of Luis Suarez, Neymar and Messi.
Roberto Martinez is hoping to continue Everton's good form against his former side. Garry Monk believes a strong finish will put a different twist on Everton's season. Everton have only won three of their last three games in the Premier League.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a 21st minute free-kick to put Real Madrid 1-0 up against Eibar. Manchester United loanee Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez scored a second goal in the second half.
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo.
Danny Ings has found goals hard to come by for Burnley in recent weeks. The 23-year-old has scored just once in his last six games for the Clarets. Sean Dyche is confident that if Ings starts to enjoy playing more, then the goals will flow.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks. He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) and ordered to pay the cost of the patient's implants. The dentist claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped'spiritual self-healing capabilities'
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th Test for England on Monday in Antigua. Anderson says he wants to carry on for as long as possible, including in one-day cricket.
Stuart Broad says he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB. Broad says it will be a great achievement for Jimmy Anderson to become England's leading wicket taker. Alastair Cook has been backed to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean.
Moeen Ali says he is ready to take on Australia's two left-arm Mitchells in the Ashes. Moeen is planning to join up with the England squad ahead of the second Test in the Caribbean, starting in Grenada on April 21.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season in an attempt to regain his England place. Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by the likely appointment of Michael Vaughan in the new ECB director of cricket role created following the sacking of Paul Downton as managing director. Andrew Strauss says the Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday. Thierry Henry said Francis Coquelin was his man of the match. The 23-year-old midfielder played a key role in Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute goal.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke in the dying stages of the Premier League clash. Marko Arnautovic scored a late equaliser to earn the Hammers a point at Upton Park. Hammers boss Sam Allardyce was left frustrated by his side's 'nerves and panic'Allardyce revealed Diafra Sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines with a thigh injury.
Michael Owen was speaking on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday. The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season. Adam's 66-yard effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half.
Manuel Pellegrini's side face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games in all competitions. The reigning champions have slipped from serious title challengers to fears over not finishing in the top four.
Sarah Sparkman tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized on screen. She was met with a tirade of anger from Britt McHenry, 28, despite not tagging her in the tweet. McHenry raged: 'you sound really bitter. if you work as hard as you say you do, you wouldn't bash more successful ppl on twitter.'
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the unidentified female on the I-26. Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. Despite Hubbard's heroics, he claims he was just doing his job.
The USC women's tennis team won the PAC-12 championship on Thursday. They defeated the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18 - 4.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. Bogard has pleaded not guilty and the preliminary hearing will resume on Monday.
Crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago. The crowd were trying to get into see British Crust Punk band Doom who were performing inside the venue. Seven people were critically injured in the crush with five others treated in hospital for minor ailments.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent at 11.30am yesterday. He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day. But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police. Coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off Hill Head. It is believed there may have been a sighting of Mr Taylor, from Gosport, at 10.50pm.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the building. His friend Jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps. Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final. Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage at Wembley.
Fabricio Coloccini is set to be stripped of the club captaincy this summer. Newcastle boss John Carver says the club will review the position at the end of the season. Carver will recommend that Daryl Janmaat is rewarded for an impressive first season.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has revealed that United's game plan was to exploit City's work-shy midfield. Manchester City are considering letting Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave in the summer.
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray posted his notes on Twitter ahead of Liverpool vs Newcastle. The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits to keep the millions of listeners well informed. He correctly predicted the starting line-ups, naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. The reigning world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne on the podium. The 30-year-old has come under fire for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face. A leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back by Roy Hodgson. The Southampton defender is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea. The 24-year-old has started England's last four games, including Euro 2016 qualifiers against Slovenia and Lithuania. Tottenham's Kyle Walker and Arsenal's Calum Chambers are also in contention for the position.
The creatures were spotted at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration spot at Rye Pier in a few weeks time. Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at Liverpool. Liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe. Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack'Jordon Ibe has also been warned by Rodgers after the youngster was pictured alongside Sterling.
Tom Ince scored twice as Derby twice came from behind to draw 4-4 at Huddersfield. Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul was in the stands as the on-loan Hull player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors, one in each half. Ince crashed home a stunning 25-yard drive on 16 minutes seconds after seeing a free-kick from similar distance saved.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of second place in Serie A. Carlos Tevez and Leonardo Bonucci scored in Turin on Saturday. Sampdoria were held to a goalless draw by Cesena to take a share of fourth place.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal. Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Pep Guardiola craves stability and chooses his clubs based on such assurances. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012. But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers. Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga.
Vincent Kompany was substituted during Manchester United's 4-2 defeat at the Etihad. Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed he may not be seen again this term. The Chilean boss claims he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position at the club.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix but came under fire from Nico Rosberg. Mercedes team-mate Rosberg claimed Hamilton was slowing on purpose in the race. Hamilton was exonerated by Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda after a post-race debrief. Rosberg claims he would not have done anything different under the circumstances that materialised. Damon Hill believes Rosberg shot himself in the foot with his outburst.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have been friends since they worked together at Barcelona in 1997. Neville believes Van Gaal's greatest achievement is the making of Mourinho. Manchester United have been dealt a quadruple injury blow ahead of the trip to Stamford Bridge.
Yaya Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season. Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed by the Ivory Coast midfielder's level. The Manchester City boss has vowed to support Toure until the end of the season. Sportsmail revealed that City will listen to offers for Toure in the summer.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A on Sunday. Francesco Totti put Roma ahead from the penalty spot after just three minutes. Roma were booed by their own fans at the Stadio Olimpico.
Firefighters scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds. Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen.
Napoli beat Cagliari 3-0 at the Sant'Elia Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Jose Callejon opened the scoring with a neat one-on-one finish before Antonio Balzano's own goal doubled Napoli's advantage. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game beyond doubt.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga match against Malaga. The Frenchman limped out of training on Friday with a knee injury. Real Madrid are currently two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
Surveillance footage from Philadelphia's 15th Street Station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 on Wednesday night. But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him. Within a minute, transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men, who are expected to survive any injuries.
The month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg. The two cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock. They have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors. Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Eric Carter, 21, and Stephanie McCassin, 24, of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday. The child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4. Carter and McCassin were taken to a hospital, where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose. At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash.
Gareth Bale pulled up with a calf strain after less than five minutes against Malaga. The Welsh forward faces a race to be fit for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid. Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out.
Thousands of holidaymakers caught up in passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation. Ministers refused blanket refund to desperate families who had to pay extra to get travel documents rushed through. Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 applications approved.
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda. Louis van Gaal is keen on strengthening his defensive options ahead of the 2015-16 campaign. Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford. The 30-year-old insists he wants to see out his contract at the Vicente Calderon.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back. His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
Jordan Henderson and Jack Wilshere are the surprise names on Manchester City’s summer shopping list. The struggling Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up. Manchester City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled England forward Raheem Sterling. Frank Lampard and James Milner are set to leave the Etihad Stadium.
Barcelona forward Pedro could leave the Nou Camp at the end of the season. The 27-year-old would command £90,000-a-week wages - £10,000 less than Raheem Sterling. Liverpool have scouted Pedro and could make a move for the Spain international.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash. The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. BMW says the airbag may not work properly because of a error that might prevent the vehicles' mat detection system from sensing a passenger during a severe crash. Only one person has been injured so far as a result of the defect.
Chelsea are favourites to sign Brazilian starlet Kenedy from Fluminense. The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European clubs including Manchester United, Barcelona, Manchester United and Juventus. The forward has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital. Steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United. The Germany defender has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes he is at the right age to leave.
Robin van Persie is a target for Juventus and Inter Milan this summer. Manchester United striker has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury. Real Madrid, PSG and Barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers of his level. Radamel Falcao is expected to leave United at the end of his loan spell.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new contract by Manchester City in the summer. Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing the Ivory Coast midfielder to the San Siro. Inter Milan are prepared to offer Toure a five-year deal to lure him away from the Etihad.
Mats Hummels admits he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The German centre-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Arsenal are close to signing Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield. The 16-year-old has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi and would stay at Velez on loan.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. The 38-year-old has played every round of the competition this season and has kept two clean-sheets. Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has confirmed Given will keep his place in goal.
Steven Gerrard is set to start against Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final. The 34-year-old will end his association with Liverpool at the end of the season.
Sean Dyche insists his Burnley players won't dive or cheat to prosper under him. The Clarets boss says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed. Dyche was told by another manager to'move with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions. Burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining in the Premier League.
Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive wipe-out. The 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' at Margaret River's main break on Wednesday. The Box is renowned for its challenging shallow surf break directly over the reef, but also for its world-class waves. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March. Manchester United have won 25 points from their last 10 games in all competitions. Paul Scholes believes Di Maria's red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to fringe players.
Arsenal defender Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with the Gunners. The 20-year-old signed from Southampton last summer for £16million. Chambers has established himself as a first team regular having made 36 appearances.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes and taking 'hippy crack' through a balloon. Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has been a fan of Liverpool starlet Sterling since he was 14.
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea. United have the financial scope to fund a massive squad, while Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books. United boss Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the trip to Stamford Bridge.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing to take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2. Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film, much of it based on conversations with the 36-year-old Filipino boxer.
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo Masters. Nadal is an eight-time champion at Monte Carlo but hasn't won the tournament since 2012. The Spaniard will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club this summer. Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final. The duo will join Nadal, Andy Murray, Stan Wawrinka, Marin Cilic and defending champion Grigor Dimitrov.
Jordan Spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta. The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods. Spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following storming start to the new Formula One season. Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claims he is seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together. Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 in Monte Carlo Masters. David Ferrer also through after his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired with a shoulder injury. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff in straight sets to reach the third round.
Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m)
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals. Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine. The 25-1 shot was sixth in the Cheltenham Gold Cup.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of a grid girl at the Chinese Grand Prix. The 23-year-old said she was just doing her job and wasn't annoyed by the stunt. She said: 'I was just told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did'Campaigners have called for Hamilton to apologise for his'selfish and inconsiderate' behaviour.
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer. The 33-year-old is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley. Arteta believes Arsenal can sustain their challenge for the title.
Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor? Or will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was 'a fun thing'Liu Siying says 'I did not think too much about it at all' after the Brit driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group. Hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the race in Shanghai.
McCoy has vowed to retire if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the Grand National. The 40-year-old has been champion jockey every year since 1997. McCoy won the famous race on Don't Push It in 2010.
Alex Hales claims he is still waiting for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket. The big-hitting top-order batsman has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India last August. Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches - including at the World Cup. The 26-year-old has batted instead at number three on three occasions.
Billy Vunipola has been cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head. The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win over Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his battle with cystic fibrosis. The 26-year-old has earned four caps for the Wallabies and is in with an outside chance of making their World Cup squad later this year. Charles took part in a promotional video as part of Nutri Grain's #Unstoppable campaign.
Matt Scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season with a shoulder injury. The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year. Scott hasn't played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month.
Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One. Renault's Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull that the engine problems will be resolved. Red Bull and Toro Rosso both suffered power-unit failure in China.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. West Indies need an unlikely 438 to win the first Test against England in Antigua.
Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his Test career, says Andrew Flintoff. Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root's form my have shut the door on a Test return for Kevin Piertersen. Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Mustafa Kamal was unhappy with umpiring decisions in Bangladesh's World Cup defeat to India. The Bangladeshi politician has had his resignation accepted by the International Cricket Council. There will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in the role which is largely ceremonial.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103. Anthony Davis will make his play-off debut against Golden State Warriors on Sunday. Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in Oklahoma City Thunder's 138-113 win over Minnesota. Marc Gasol's 33 points helped Memphis Grizzlies beat Indiana Pacers 95-83.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez's two goals, the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici, saw the defending champions through despite Garath McCleary's goal for the Royals.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503)But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw. Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara were in action for Sunrisers Hyderabad on Thursday.
Ryan Bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the England pecking order. The Southampton left-back moved to St Mary's from Chelsea on loan in January. Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called up to Roy Hodgson's squad last month.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League. Ronald Koeman believes his side must win all their remaining games. Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on May 24.
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent. The 19-year-old Barcelona B player is keen to seek first-team action. Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's demolition of Sunderland last week. Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for his star to leave Selhurst Park.
Filip Djuricic ruled out of Saturday's clash with Hull with an ankle injury. Steven Davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem, as does Florin Gardos. Hull boss Steve Bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor. Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out after his red card last week. Gaston Ramirez and Nikica Jelavic both unavailable. Curtis Davies' thigh injury will be assessed.
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year. Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane deserves the award. Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock. The 24-year-old has scored 15 goals in all competitions for the club this season.
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham United last month. The New Zealand international had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham. The 26-year-old signed from Danish side Midtjylland in August 2010. West Ham are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/17.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost 4-2 to Manchester United and are now in fourth place. Sam Allardyce's side are in 10th place in the Premier League table, 10 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Stuart McCall believes Livingston could drop points against Hibernian on Wednesday. Rangers drew 1-1 with the Scottish Championship strugglers at the Energy Assets Arena last week. The Easter Road outfit slipped four points behind McCall's side on Saturday. Rangers beat Dumbarton 3-1 in the William Hill Scottish Cup on Saturday to move four points clear.
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400m to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars. He accused David Cameron of failing to get tough on the Premier League despite massive increase in its TV revenues during his time in power.
Jonny Howson opened the scoring in the 57th minute to put Norwich ahead. Graham Dorrans missed a late penalty for Leeds in the 90th minute. Nathan Redmond doubled Norwich's lead in injury-time to make it 3-0.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers' side are currently fourth in the Premier League table behind Manchester City. Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and a top four finish.
Manuel Pellegrini has lost six of his last eight games in charge of Manchester City. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has backed his City counterpart, claiming he has been treated like a 'criminal'Mourinho was having no truck with the Premier League's Fair Play table, which lauded West Ham for their attacking style and frowned upon Chelsea's lack of respect.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German has been tipped to make the move to the Premier League next season. Jose Mourinho says he has no idea where Klopp will end up - but knows it will not be at Stamford Bridge.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's comeback win over Kilmarnock. Ronny Deila hailed the impact sub for his performance in the 3-0 win at Parkhead on Wednesday. Griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble to move Celtic eight points clear at the top.
Bayern Munich lost 3-0 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Porto take a two-goal advantage into the second leg of the last-eight clash next Tuesday. Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored the goals for Porto.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Ander Herrera have been key players for Louis van Gaal's side.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of him dancing in front of the Arc de Triomphe. The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham.
Dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a Rio de Janeiro lake that is scheduled to hold Olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games. The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon will hold the Brazil 2016 Olympics rowing and canoe competitions. The lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to raw sewage and rubbish within it.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A and are nine points behind leaders Juventus. Lazio have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six league games. Juventus are unbeaten at home this season but they slipped to just their second defeat of the campaign last weekend against bottom-side Parma.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal in the 4-0 demolition. Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as Danny Welbeck at Arsenal.
Liverpool host Newcastle United in the FA Cup on Monday night. The Reds are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City but have a game in hand on their rivals.
Mamadou Sakho has been ruled out for three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The French centre-back limped off during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win against Blackburn Rovers. Kolo Toure is set to start against Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday night.
The last of the riders went through the barrier eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing, 87 kilometers (54 miles) from the end of the so called 'Hell of the North' race. One rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down, as the racers hurry through with the train near. Race organisers said it had not been possible for the leaders to stop in time.
Jordon Ibe is on the verge of signing a new long-term contract at Liverpool. Liverpool offered Ibe fresh terms in February after he had a good start to the season. Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational' after stepping up his rehabilitation work. Daniel Sturridge is unlikely to recapture his best form this season, says Rodgers.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. Ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of this season than they were last year. The Finn is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Manchester City beat Manchester United 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes to give City the lead. Mario Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up'Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manny Pacquiao will face Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer has revealed his mouth guard ahead of the bout. The mouthpiece is multicoloured and comes in a container that reads 'MouthGuards for Champions'The 36-year-old is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat on Mayweather.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals for Burnley in his first season in the Premier League. Manchester United are favourites to sign the 22-year-old this summer. Ings impressed Louis van Gaal when he scored against United at Old Trafford in February.
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended a special event to tackle Ebola. The West Ham striker and Southampton right back were in Knightsbridge for the 'Football Fighting Ebola' event. The event was a fundraising reception for the charity founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
Manny Pacquiao decided to train on the streets of Los Angeles on Friday. The Filipino swapped the gym for the great outdoors as he worked on his fitness and stamina. The 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog Pacman as he continued to gear up for his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were snapped with Louis van Gaal at Wing's restaurant. Duggan posted a picture on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan. United manager was joined by his wife Truus with friends from Holland at the five-star Chinese restaurant in the city centre.
David Villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the New York Stock Exchange. The 33-year-old made the move to the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around. Pearce believes the club are at a stature now where they look to continually be in the Champions League and win Premier Leagues.
Ben Flower received a standing ovation during Wigan's 30-20 victory against Warrington. Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final. The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of the match.
Rafa Benitez guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005. But he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles with Inter, Liverpool, Inter, Chelsea and Napoli. He is an excellent cup manager and will always be remembered as a cup specialist. But if he returns to England again in the summer, it will receive little more than a shrug.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren. Referee Lee Mason did not point to the spot. Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville believes it was an 'absolute stonewall penalty'Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Craig Sibbald scored the winner in the 74th minute with a stooping header. Falkirk boss Peter Houston claimed Alan Stubbs should be looking at his side's tactics.
Middlesbrough face Norwich City in the Championship on Friday night. Ben Gibson, 22, is a lifelong Boro fan and his uncle Steve is the club's chairman. Steve Gibson helped save the Teessiders from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control of the club. Boro won the Carling Cup in 2004 and reached the final of the UEFA Cup in 2006.
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures this season. Wolves are seven points behind Boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference. Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe insists that his side are not getting carried away at the top.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 on Tony Pulis' return to Selhurst Park on Saturday. James Morrison headed West Brom ahead after two minutes with a corner. Craig Gardner doubled the Baggies' lead with a long range effort in the second half.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford after just four minutes. Matthew Connolly doubled Watford's lead in the 41st minute to make it 2-0. Almen Abdi made it 3-0 in the closing stages as Watford held on for all three points.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for Louis van Gaal's side.
Ryan Dearnley will no longer be a mascot for Reading in the FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal. The 10-year-old has been removed from his role after a video emerged of him saying he hopes The Gunners win. Reading beat Huddersfield Town 3-0 in the third round of the competition.
Alex Tettey scored an own goal as Middlesbrough beat Norwich 1-0. Aitor Karanka's side are now two points clear at the top of the Championship table. They could be overtaken on Saturday when Bournemouth play Sheffield Wednesday.
Sven Goran Eriksson believes Manchester City should be winning the Premier League. The former England manager was the last manager at City before the club were taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family. City have lost their last two league games, a 4-2 defeat to Manchester United and a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace.
Manchester City stars Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala chose to pull on their woolies for April's blockbuster Manchester derby in front of an unforgiving Old Trafford crowd. Fourth official Jonathan Moss was also sporting a pair of hand warmers whilst introducing both sets of substitutes on Sunday.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make him available this summer. Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal and is unlikely to move for anything less.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday. The 47-year-old has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe, including Man City and Real Madrid. Former Manchester City midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be ideal for the job. Hamann says Klopp has'more right to take over the job than Pellegrini ever had'
Paul Scholes believes there is not a British manager who is capable of guiding a team into the latter stages of the Champions League. Scholes hopes Ryan Giggs will be handed the reins at Manchester United at some point. The former United midfielder believes Pep Guardiola will head to Manchester City when his contract expires at the end of next season.
Watford beat Birmingham 1-0 at Vicarage Road to go top of the Championship. Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning volley in the 56th minute. Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead but Chris Maguire's stoppage-time penalty denied them.
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at Parc des Princes on Wednesday night. David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half after 21 minutes with a hamstring injury.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City, according to Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the reigning Premier League champions in recent weeks. Neville believes keeping faith in the Chilean would bring some much-needed stability to the Etihad Stadium.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period. They go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league. Coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack.
Roberto Martinez says Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin still have time to prove they deserve a new deal. Both centre-backs' current deals expire this summer and could be on their way. Roberto Martinez says Everton's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months. Aston Villa's Tom Cleverley, out of contract at the end of the season, is a target.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to Burnley. Roberto Martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince Lukaku to take it easy. The 21-year-old is Everton's leading scorer with 18 goals in total this season.
Centurions twice came from behind to beat Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches. Salford forward Cory Paterson was placed on report for a high and late tackle on Leigh full-back Gregg McNally.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup. The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile, according to the president of UAERL.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal said it is a great time to be a Manchester United supporter right now. United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place in the Premier League. Van Gaal thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against them.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the Premier League. Manchester City have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points behind.
Nottinghamshire's Alex Hales and Chris Woakes believe England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions. England were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year, dumped out of their group by Australia and New Zealand. Hales believes a way of improving England's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of Australia and India with their franchise systems.
Yaya Toure's attacking gifts aren't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies, says Gary Neville. Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Neville says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' at the Etihad.
Kevin Pietersen is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket. Former England star Andrew Flintoff believes time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career. Pietersen has not featured for England since being sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook. Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format, with the England and Wales Cricket Board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as Brendon McCullum.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 by Jerome Taylor in the second innings. Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed. The former England skipper has been heavily linked with the role of Director of England cricket.
Bayern Munich travel to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery are both out injured for the tie. Midfielder Schweinsteiner has been struggling with a virus for the past few days. Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and through to the German Cup semi-finals.
Alastair Cook must somehow shut out the deafening noise enveloping English cricket and concentrate on what has become one of the most important Test series of his career. Defeat against West Indies in a three-Test battle that begins here on Monday is simply unthinkable for an England captain who is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him. Kevin Pietersen smashed a huge century on his return to the domestic game with Surrey yesterday.
Sir Vivian Richards believes James Anderson is a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham. Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday when England take on the West Indies. Four wickets in the game would take Anderson past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. United are now four points clear of City in the race for a Champions League place.
Raheem Sterling is a primary target for Manchester City this summer. The Reds forward is valued at around £50million by the reigning Premier League champions. The transfer window officially opens on July 1 but deals can be discussed prior to that date.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Daley Blind says Wayne Rooney's pre-match team talk gave the players an extra edge. The Red Devils have now won six consecutive games in all competitions.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt and FC Porto in the Bundesliga. Pep Guardiola says his team's injury situation is 'critical, very critical'Defender Mehdi Benatia has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. Midfielders Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal. Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the Premier League on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata were all on the substitutes' bench.
Jimmy Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England record haul of 383. Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley, reveals former team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown.
Kevin Pietersen made his first appearance for Surrey since the LV= County Championship in June 2013. It was the 34-year-old's first game of red-ball cricket since the Old Trafford Test against Australia in August 2013. Pietersen said incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has told him everyone has a 'clean slate'
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium. Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for Brendan Rodgers' side in the 30th minute. Aston Villa captain Fabian Delph put his side in front with 36 minutes to play.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht. The 19-year-old is being watched by some of Europe's top clubs, including Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici in extra time. The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game. The Reading goalkeeper left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tried to console him.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday to secure promotion. Burton Albion beat Wycombe Wanderers 2-0 to secure their place in League One. The Dutchman is happy to be promoted, but wants to finish on top.
Hummelstown police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide. David Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on February 2. He was unarmed and had alcohol and unspecified drugs in his system when he died. The offense of criminal homicide encompasses a range of charges, from misdemeanor involuntary manslaughter to first-degree murder.
Ashley Shupe claims Kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. Claims repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student in his class at Oakmont Elementary School in Dickson County, Tennessee, for more than a year.
Music streaming service Spotify analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists. It revealed that Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is the top song to fall asleep to. The Brit Award winner features on the list, an additional six times. Sam Smith, 22, features four times and Ellie Goulding's Love Me Like You Do is third.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant's face.
Steven Gerrard was at Boujis nightclub in Kensington on Sunday night. Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday. The loss means there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on May 30. Chelsea's victory over Manchester United in the Premier League made it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch the leaders.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium. Doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge sticking up the match highlights on YouTube.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks at club level for Barcelona. The 27-year-old can't remember which games he has scored a hat-trick in despite keeping a match ball from every game. Messi has netted 277 La Liga goals for Barcelona over the last 10-and-a-half years.
Argentina internationals from Manchester City and Manchester United dined together at San Carlo restaurant in the city centre on Sunday night. Stars such as Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian Restaurant. The United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday, while the City men were still on a high following a comfortable victory over West Ham.
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side at Newbury. Capel Path, ridden by Ryan Moore and trained by Sir Michael Stoute, finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. Ring of Truth made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes. The Queen's horse was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line and was only touched off by short head.
Broadway Allotment Association moved to new site in Failsworth, Oldham. Old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for a car park and football pitches. But gardeners have complained about their new site, saying it has bad drainage and poor soil. They are demanding Oldham council pays out compensation for the problems they've experienced.
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head. Al Faisaly were 1-0 down against Al Whidat in the Amman Derby at the weekend. The goal will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. The 73rd minute substitute for non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice. His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip.
Manchester United duo David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday afternoon. The Spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time just days after United's impressive win against fierce rivals Manchester City.
MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, has been charged with attempted murder. Mack, 23, claims he became abusive four months into their one-year relationship. Couple met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her, bringing pizza to her hotel. She was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth and a fractured rib.
Chris Robshaw and Camilla Kerslake shared a boating picture on holiday in Barbados. England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday. The Liverpool striker came on as a second-half substitute during Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle.
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal's U21 side against Reading on Monday night. Midfielder took to Instagram to thank fans for their support at the Emirates Stadium. The 23-year-old hasn't featured for the Arsenal first team since November.
Tottenham star Christian Eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in Soho. The couple have been together for almost three years and have been dating for three years. Tottenham sit seventh in the Premier League table, seven points off the top four.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. David Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of his cast being removed from his cast. The Austrian has been sidelined with knee ligament damage. Bayern have won three on the trot and are in good form going into the clash.
Great grey owl swooped on a tiny rodent snowy fields in Ontario, Canada, after stalking it from high above. The bird has a five-foot wingspan and is clothed in soft feathers making its attacks almost silent.
Witnesses told police that three gunmen stormed Corinthians fan group Pavilhao 9. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to hospital. Police say that the killings are not related to any football rivalry.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the table, four points behind leaders Chelsea. Sergio Aguero has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for City. The Argentine has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match in Kolkata. The 20-year-old had suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury in the match. He regained consciousness afterwards, but died in hospital on Monday, according to reports. Sachin Tendulkar, the highest runscorer in Test and one-day international history, led the tributes.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time. Defender hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against Falkirk.
Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring. The 45-year-old beat Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. He now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government. Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history on May 2.
Briony Ingerson posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. The photo was taken at an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago. Fox Sports Australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face on April 11, before the controversy began. Ingerson is a freelance sports journalist who specialises in motorsports. She has presented for Fox Sports as well as on 7Mate, Network Ten and SBS. A Fox Sports spokeswoman told AAP that they had only become aware of the photograph on Monday.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000. His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again. Schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit Sunday in a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray. Schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar, or SAM car.
Cooperative weather and the efforts of hundreds of firefighters helped beat back flames Sunday that had threatened hundreds of homes near a Southern California dam. Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles. The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene. A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made. Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed by police as the search for the gunman got underway.
Jacqueline Carr, 65, was driving on Reading Road in Cincinnati at the time of the accident. Police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep. Due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause may take longer than normal.
ISIS has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos, showing off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria. Jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market, dressed in military uniforms and carrying their weapons in holsters. Brown leather holsters, tactical vests and bandoleers are shown hanging for sale at the various stalls. An array of camouflage military equipment, from military fatigues to ill fitting hats are being sold at the market.
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. The 31-year-old's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner, and personal details about himself. The successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be'
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday. She managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely. But all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble, and she is asking for assistance. While Dixon was renting the Condo in the last four years, she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management.
University of Florida redshirt freshman JC Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment. The 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun. Police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents. Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, was identified, according the police report.
Rihanna posted a video on Instagram showing her holding a suspicious object. The 27-year-old singer is seen with what looks like a white tube in her hands. It then pans back to her holding her nose for several seconds. Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, according to Ian Wright. Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final in Nyon, Switzerland on Monday. The 16-year-old is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger.
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition. He makes a joking reference to Jenner's transition while speaking with Amy Pascal. This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha, which stars Emma Stone and Bradley Cooper.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke. Chelsea technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old during Atletico's 2-1 La Liga victory against Deportivo La Coruna. Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club as a makeweight for the deal.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola. The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training as early as November last year. The 72-year-old had been at Bayern for almost 40 years but is now unlikely to return to the Bundesliga club.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit Bayern Munich this week. The 72-year-old claimed 'the bond of trust is damaged'Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30. Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen.
Andre Ward sees Paul Smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch. The WBA have ordered their two super-middle world champions – Ward'super,' Froch'regular' – to meet in a unification fight.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup final against Arsenal on May 30. The American owner missed the 2-1 win over Liverpool at Wembley because of a family bereavement. Aston Villa chief executive Tom Fox said the result can get rid of the gloom that hung around the club.
Flight Centre founder and BRW rich list alumni Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year. The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer. Mr Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008, however he is still one of their biggest shareholders.
Izzy Brown scored twice as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the final. The 18-year-old was on the bench for Chelsea's Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday. But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side. Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire Chelsea's youth team to glory.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water. But when they pumped it to the surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire. Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station. Local officials say they have now launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at Liverpool. Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring the England winger. The La Liga giants broke the world transfer record in August 2013 by forking out £86million on Gareth Bale.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France, rapping 'We want your blood'This follows reports that British police have raised security levels ahead of World War I commemorative events next week. The propaganda video contains footage of bombs being assembled and guns being prepped.
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Mauro Icardi against Verona at the weekend. United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool. Aston Villa will face Arsenal in the final at Wembley.
Gareth Bale limped off during Real Madrid's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday. Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off with a calf injury. Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain.
Jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder to give Elche a 1-0 win against Real Sociedad in La Liga on Monday night. Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side but shot over the bar.
Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos, which her owner uploads to her YouTube channel and Instagram page. In them she is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard and look at her reflection in a mirror.
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons for Blackburn. Forest failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in March. Blackburn rebuffed interest from Forest, Derby, Norwich and Middlesbrough.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage. He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt. Hart was sacked by the club, which play in Evo-Stik Division 1 North.
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after a run of 13 games without a win. Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor, signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season. Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final on Monday. Ex-Blackburn winger Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team. Wilcox hopes to emulate Manchester United's 'Class of 92' but says it will be difficult.
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night in Verona, New York. Don Ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114, but Glenn Feldman and John McKaie both scored it 115-113 in favor of the Argentine.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis by unanimous points decision in Liverpool. Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso pulled out of the fight due to illness. Mathews was handed a 114-112, 114- 112, 115-112 decision.
Lukas Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season. The German World Cup winner joined Inter Milan on loan from Arsenal in January. The 29-year-old has failed to score in 12 appearances for the Serie A club.
Terence Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout. Crawford knocked down Dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow. Crawford remained undefeated, winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016. Barnes and Conlan will take on native opposition in Maiquetia, Venezuela on Saturday night.
Natasha Jonas announced her retirement from boxing on April 7. Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio next year. The 32-year-old is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since London 2012.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success. Spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta. But it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in Monte Carlo Masters last-16. World No 18 hit 22 winners to Federer’s 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner. The Frenchman will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals on Thursday.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever. Roach rates super-middleweight star Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters. The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par at Augusta. Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over' the game.
Roger Federer beat Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 to reach Monte Carlo Masters last 16. It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March. The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a place in quarter-finals.
Billy Vunipola cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait. Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday in Antigua. Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years. Anderson believes he can still improve as a bowler and take plenty more wickets.
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix. Hamilton and Rosberg left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. Rosberg, 17 points behind Hamilton, seemed relaxed as he stuck to the line.
Monbeg Dude finished third in the 2015 Grand National at Aintree. Mike Tindall's horse finished behind Many Clouds and Aspell.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since the fifth Test in Sydney. The 34-year-old has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring runs. Australia captain Michael Clarke believes Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series.
MCC reveals plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's. The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to almost 30,000. MCC is operating to a projected budget of £80million, and hopes work can begin in autumn 2017.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont. The 22-year-old faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon. He could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester's Mathew Tait. Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley at the British Championships. The 19-year-old's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. Hannah Miley took silver with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Mauricio Pochettino's side travel to St James' Park on Sunday. Newcastle fans plan to boycott the game in protest against owner Mike Ashley. Spurs boss is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will help or hinder his side.
Harry Redknapp resigned as Queens Park Rangers manager in February. The 68-year-old says he would consider a return to management as long as it's at the right club. The former QPR boss turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad this week.
Ronny Deila will take his side to Hampden Park for the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with. Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times, rather than broadcasters.
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid. The French striker missed Madrid's 3-1 win against Malaga on Saturday with a knee injury. Luka Modric and Gareth Bale also look likely to miss Wednesday's clash at the Bernabeu. Tuttosport celebrate Juventus' march towards the Serie A title after their 2-0 victory against Lazio.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram. The Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo. The 23-year-old also issued an apology on her Facebook page on Monday.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for Queens Park Rangers this term. The QPR striker is in contention for a summer call up to the England squad. Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team in Slovenia and Republic of Ireland.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne. Manchester United are preparing a bid for the England right back. The Saints boss wants Clyne's future sorted before the end of the season.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist. Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team, particularly assistant Alan Muir, at the end of the first half. Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given for the handball. Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off for a foul on Marley Watkins in the second half.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings appeared to get away with a handball on the line in the first half. Caley boss John Hughes says it could have led to a penalty and a red card.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield. Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton. Barnet will be promoted as champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose at Dover.
Bournemouth host Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday. The Cherries travel to Bolton nine days later and then a last-day trip to Charlton. Eddie Howe has called on fans to inspire his side to win promotion from the Championship.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton. The right back has been capped four times by England this season. Ronald Koeman admits it may be hard to keep Clyne at the club.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men. Morgan Schneiderlin is the most wanted player of the summer after an excellent season for Southampton. Danny Ings is out of contract at Burnley and is a target for Liverpool and Manchester United.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night. The 23-year-old was celebrating Andros Townsend's equaliser for the Three Lions. The Tottenham Hotspur starlet's tattoo on his arm became popular online during the celebration.
Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to The Valley citing injuries. Cellino, who has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy, has now also distanced himself from any possible conspiracy theory.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title with Chelsea. Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Stamford Bridge for 'a long, long time'Ferreira played for Chelsea for nine years after following Mourinho from Porto in 2004.
Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell have been linked with a move to Manchester City. Roberto Mancini was dismayed by the quality of English players bought by the club. City have six Premier League homegrown players, including Joe Hart, Richard Wright, Dedryck Boyata, Gael Clichy, Frank Lampard and James Milner.
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up for Raheem Sterling. City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Liverpool's England star. Rodgers says it could take two decades for City to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United.
Second-placed Preston held 2-2 by Gillingham in the Championship. MK Dons beat Fleetwood 3-0 to close the gap on Preston to three points. Swindon beat Rochdale 4-2 to stay in the play-off hunt. Crewe move out of the relegation zone with a 1-1 draw at Peterborough.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City after a strong season with Tottenham. The 24-year-old has been called up to the England squad but has yet to receive a full cap.
Aaron Cresswell, John Stones, Leonardo Ulloa and Andrew Robertson are examples of players who have performed well in the Premier League. John Stones has the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this season.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Steven Gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind Raheem Sterling and to the right of Philippe Coutinho in a 3-4-2-1 formation. He was deployed in a number of different roles by manager Brendan Rodgers throughout the contest.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici after his mistake in extra-time. Federici let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands and sneak over the line.
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday following a 2-0 defeat by Derby. Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager in November 2014 despite warnings. Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over'sexist, sexist, homophobic and anti-Semitic' texts between Mackay and his former Cardiff City colleague Iain Moody.
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a great send-off at Aintree this week. The 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement. McCoy has promised to call it quits there and then should his Grand National ride Shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world's most famous steeplechase.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't started a Premier League game for Arsenal since January. David Ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances.
Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, took home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase and followed up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham festival.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a proposed All-Star match, according to Spanish newspaper Mundo Deportivo. 'Team South' would be made up of stars from La Liga, Serie A and Ligue 1 against a similar 'North' dream team from the Premier League, Bundesliga and Russian Premier League.
Barcelona travel to Paris Saint-Germain for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona this season. PSG boss Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' ahead of the game.
Lionel Messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama. The four-time Ballon d'Or winner says he wants to 'get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort, like I always have'Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Randy Lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday. The American owner is scheduled to fly across the Atlantic for the grandest occasion during his tenure. Lerner has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years, after acquiring the club in 2006.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute. The Belgium striker has scored six goals in eight games for Tim Sherwood's side.
Paul Gascoigne scored one of the greatest free-kicks ever scored at Wembley. Tottenham Hotspur beat Arsenal 3-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on April 14, 1991.
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points in the race for a Champions League place. Liverpool are top of the Premier League with six games to go and have two games in hand. City have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015, which is one more than in the whole of 2014. City profited from a Liverpool collapse to claim the title last season.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute of the game against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane. Tottenham's Erik Lamela was sent off for a second bookable offence in the second half.
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on April 4. The 68-year-old is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager of Queens Park Rangers. He claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans after the game.
Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into great Arsenal teams, according to club legend Frank McLintock. The Chilean star has scored 20 goals in all competitions for the Gunners this season. The Scottish defender made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final, first leg on Wednesday. Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba are all injured. Thomas Muller believes Bayern are stronger for their recent injury troubles. Bayern are chasing a Treble of Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal and Champions League.
Michael Carrick wants to try his hand at Formula One when his playing days are over. The 34-year-old says he wants to emulate Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in Arsenal U21's 1-0 defeat by Reading at the Emirates Stadium. Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the Royals after eight minutes. German forward Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby continued their return from injury.
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday. The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year due to a serious knee injury.
Arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions. Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted his side's impressive run of results. The Gunners are currently second in the Premier League behind Chelsea.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season. Sterling has revealed that he'd love his very own chant from the Liverpool faithful.
Liverpool have slipped out of the top four and are seven points behind Manchester City. John Carver has challenged his players to relieve the pressure on their shoulders.
Tomas Francis impressed against Northampton Saints at Sandy Park. The 22-year-old prop qualifies for both England and Wales. Francis could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England at the World Cup.
Former Bath, Saracens and England prop David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament. Flats is confident that, long term, this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect.
Sale Sharks lost 25-23 to Irish Exiles at Madejski Stadium. Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale. Mike Haley claimed the other try for the hosts.
Liverpool face Newcastle United in the Premier League on Monday night. Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with knee ligament damage in Europa League tie against Besiktas. The 19-year-old returned to the first team in January and impressed in the Merseyside derby. Liverpool have dropped off the pace in the race for a top four spot following back-to-back defeats.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the last eight of the Champions League. Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. Diego Simeone will flood the midfield with Arda Turan, Mario Suarez, Gabi and Koke. Diego Godin and Mario Mandzukic are happy to play ugly to achieve winning results.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Julen Lopetegui does not believe Bayern's injury list will play a leading role in the match. Bayern boss Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate for his brand of football.
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, according to Jamie Carragher. Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United on Monday night. Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Premier League. Jamie Carragher believes Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini. Carragher and Gary Neville believe Mourinho will focus on 'destruction' before taking advantage of set-pieces.
Marouane Fellaini is one of the best forwards in world football at the moment, says Wayne Rooney. Louis van Gaal recently described the Belgian as almost undroppable in the Premier League. United have won six league games in a row and travel to Chelsea this weekend.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his hunger. The Italian striker is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
Mick McCarthy hails 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of Ipswich players after 1-1 draw at Wolves. Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season had given Ipswich a first-half lead. Wolves fought back to take a point through an own goal from Richard Stearman.
More than 400 extra officers drafted in by British Transport Police. Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London this weekend. Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands. Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations.
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson is not taking anything for granted in the race for survival. The Foxes are two points clear of the relegation zone if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday. They also have to face relegation rivals Sunderland and Burnley away and QPR at the King Power Stadium.
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and Adam Bogdan, 27. Former England striker Heskey has contributed just one goal, but has impressed in his nine Championship starts.
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer. Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season. Hartley fears playing McGowan could see him break his police curfew and end up in prison.
Jose Mourinho was Bobby Robson's assistant at Barcelona and Pep Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time. The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Robson in 1996 is breeding managers. Laurent Blanc and Julen Lopetegui are both former Barcelona team-mates. Luis Enrique faces Blanc's PSG side at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the Conditional Jockeys title race when both had one success on Monday. The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football, according to West Ham boss Sam Allardyce. The Hammers boss believes the pressure of going for back-to-back titles, plus the introduction of Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules have made the Chilean's job the hardest in world football.
Lyon beat Saint-Etienne 2-2 in the Rhone Valley derby at the Stade de Gerland on Sunday. Clinton N'Jie gave the hosts the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off for Hubert Fournier's side. Romain Hamouma put St Etienne ahead on the brink of half-time but Christophe Jallet equalised. Lille beat Bordeaux 2-0 to keep fourth place in the table with Nolan Roux and Adama Traore scoring. Montpellier beat Caen 1-0 in a game that saw six yellow cards issued overall.
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0. Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1.
Randy Lerner is rarely seen at the club's games, but was expected to appear at Wembley. The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss Tim Sherwood said: 'I’ve not spoken to him yet. My phone is buzzing in my pocket but I don’t know who it is. He’s had a family bereavement so I’m not sure if he could make it'
Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor, which Fener won 5-1. Turkish official says police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack. The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals, although Besiktas' match against Istanbul Basaksehir is scheduled to go ahead.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the beginning of next month. The champion boxer took to his Instagram account to share a video of his morning run. The 32-year-old was joined by his training entourage as he got through an early morning jog. Mayweather posted a video showing the American boxer hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Ken Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at Ponds Forge in Sheffield. The 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third Crucible winner to crash out this week. Matthew Stevens leads Joe Swail 5-4 as he bids for a first Crucible appearance since 2013.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the World Championship. Defending champion Mark Selby will also tackle a debutant in Norway's Kurt Maflin. Judd Trump faces Grimsby's Stuart Carrington, a player he faced frequently in the junior ranks, will provide his first opponent.
Manny Pacquiao trains with his team at Griffith Park in Los Angeles, California ahead of Floyd Mayweather Jnr mega-fight on May 2. The Filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he continued his harsh training regime. The fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by Mayweather's fight against Oscar De La Hoya in 2013.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table. The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not. The 39-year-old is Forever Sports' May cover star.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Juan Mata. Manuel Pellegrini's side are four points behind leaders Chelsea and 12 behind Chelsea.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. The result leaves Manuel Pellegrini's side fourth in the table, 12 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world. Residents in Bonita Springs, Florida, say fishermen are luring the predators to their homes. They are calling for fishing to be banned in the area, which is surrounded on both sides by ocean.
Manchester United's humiliation of their neighbours City continued their outstanding record against the Barclays Premier League's top seven this season. Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches, while Chelsea (1.56) and City sit second and third respectively.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. United's official website claimed the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes. Manuel Pellegrini's side are four points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Manchester United's next two games are at Chelsea and Everton, and they still have a home fixture with Arsenal and a visit to Crystal Palace.
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience.
Scott Quigg offered Carl Frampton £1.5m for a British super-fight on Tuesday. But Frampton has dismissed the offer as little more than a 'publicity stunt'Belfast's IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on Hearn to make a more realistic offer.
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of the five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday morning. He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. 'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man told Nine News. His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid.
Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Falkirk manager Peter Houston's recent post-match comments. Falkirk host Hibs on the last day of the Championship season on Saturday.
Andy Lee was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year. Peter Quillin failed to make required 160 lbs weight ensuring the bout will no longer be a title fight. The 30-year-old admits he may have retired from boxing had he not beaten John Jackson in June.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron on points. The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base.
Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily. The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter. Pittman's seven-year-old son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily, who was introduced to her mother's athletic ability while still in the womb. Footage of the heavily pregnant hurdler showed Pittman doing a training run just a day before going into labour.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer collection for Target sold out almost immediately online and in stores. Pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay for up to ten times the retail price, including a $150 hammock and a $34 maxi dress for $202.50.
Fiorentina lost 1-0 to Hellas Verona in Serie A on Monday night. Substitute Mounir Obbadi scored in the 90th minute to secure victory for Verona. Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty for the Viola.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the lack of English clubs left in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage of the Champions League. Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in their quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts. Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. Hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. Spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
The shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it has been revealed. It is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after the idea was approved by clerics. The store will'strictly cater to Muslim customers in Mecca', according to the website.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to clinch Evo-Stik Northern Premier title. It is the club's fourth promotion in their short history and they will move to a new 5,000 capacity ground in May.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday. About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire. United are looking to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's UEFA U19 Youth League competition.
Footage shows the skater sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in apparent pain. The incident took place on April 1 on a sunny day in the morning.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season. The former England manager is a leading candidate to replace John Carver. Paul Clement is currently a Real Madrid coach and works next to Carlo Ancelotti. The 42-year-old has established a reputation as one of Europe's leading coaches.
Legendary Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has picked his Champions League dream team. Juventus legend Buffon is a seven-time Scudetto winner with the Serie A side. He has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
Real Madrid have not beaten rivals Atletico Madrid since the Champions League final last season. Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games against their city rivals. Diego Simeone's men have won four games and drawn three.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final. Atletico face Real Madrid in the first leg of their quarter-final on Wednesday. The La Liga side are hoping to win the competition for the second time.
Joe Gomez is valued at £8m by the Championship side. The England Under-19 defender is one of the most wanted young players in the country. City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday. The 34-year-old faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland. The Swiss star was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks - the fourth all-time behind Steffi Graf and Martina Navratilova.
Former Manchester United defender Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach one day. Evra left Old Trafford on a free transfer in 2014 after eight years at the club. The French left back is now at Juventus and says he has taken some coaching badges.
The FA Cup was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend's semi-final clash between Arsenal and Reading. The trophy is nestled in between an Arsenal fan and Reading supporter ahead of the clash at Wembley. The Gunners head into Saturday's showdown as the favourites against the Championship side.
Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding among those showing their support on social media. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million from Fluminese. The 22-year-old has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved. He can now link-up with Arsene Wenger and Arsenal for pre-season and the 2015-16 campaign.
Mario Mandzukic was involved in bust-ups with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg in Madrid on Tuesday night. The Croatia international had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes and lacked the pace and darting runs Costa delivers.
Jan Oblak signed for Atletico Madrid from Benfica for a La Liga record of €16million (£11.5m) in the summer. The 22-year-old Slovenian has been a revelation for Diego Simeone's side so far this season. Atletico have not allowed a team to get six shots on target in one half of football all season.
Javier Hernandez is'ready' to lead the line for Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid on Wednesday, according to AS. The 26-year-old is on loan at the Bernabeu from Manchester United on a season-long loan. Hernandez is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side, with Karim Benzema struggling with a knee injury.
Borussia Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from the club on Wednesday. Klopp will be leaving the club in the summer to seek a new challenge. The German has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe. Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on Instagram of him posing for close-up shots. The Crystal Palace winger has been in fine form for the Eagles since making his move to Selhurst Park permanent in February.
Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend Katerina Keyru on the pitch. The 23-year-old got down on one knee at the Olimp-2 stadium.
This year's Vivid Sydney festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists. Exhibits will be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place. This year will feature the first ever interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors.
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer was speaking to BT Sport pundit Owen Hargreaves. Sammer believes the club must'make plans for the future before it is too late'Philipp Lahm, Xabi Alonso and Bastian Schweinsteiger are also approaching the latter stages of their career.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sack Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day. The 41-year-old former Inter Milan and Parma right back was capped 25 times by Brazil.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-final on Tuesday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after being sent off against Chelsea. The Swede has played for Ajax, Juventus, Barcelona and both Milan giants. He was the marquee signing when Qatari owners bought PSG and paid him £200,000 a week.
Benik Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' at the moment as he aims to become the country's top scorer this season. The 22-year-old has scored 31 goals for MK Dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Harry Kane.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. Two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked after the video surfaced online.
Reporter Roger Lohse was reporting on an 800-acre blaze in Miami-Dade. Cameraman pointed out the rescue to him, and he went to investigate. Footage showed firefighters plucking a kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals. It was created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar. Artist Lauren Baker added the crystals by hand saying she has an obsession with the shining gem stones.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011. HSBC yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project. Midfielder was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble winning season of 1998-99. The Swede now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources. The video was originally posted by Sydneysider Darren Johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in June 2012. It was rebutted by several wave experts who vowed it was a sham.
Charlene of Monaco presented Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year prize. The 37-year-old presented the award at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo. Ceremony was broadcast on big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water at a public play area in Brooklyn, New York.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child. Her daughter Layla was found beaten to death at her home in Festus, Missouri, on Sunday. Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim, and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. The designer, who has amassed a personal fortune of £5billion over the length of his 40-year-career, emphasised his appreciation of a 'healthy' look. He declared that a homosexual man doesn't need to dress in a camp manner.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti return from suspension for the Ligue 1 champions. Zidane is confident PSG can beat Barcelona and progress to the semi-finals.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property in Chelsea. Campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over £2m comes into force. Campbell bought the penthouse in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at estate agents.
Bayern Munich host Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Porto hold a 3-1 first leg lead over Bayern Munich in Allianz Arena. Julen Lopetegui believes his side will need to hit top form to progress. Bayern Munich are without several big names including Arjen Robben and David Alaba.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling jazz hands in the background and turns around to see him standing there. 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
The bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row, nosing through overturned receptacles and putting the neighborhood on alert. Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris, based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of Peggy. One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on a poignant 92 points. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town. The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
England are the most successful team in the history of the competition. The Football Association have decided to withdraw from future Victory Shield tournaments. Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month. They will watch a time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day. The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at a Canadian barracks must stay in Nova Scotia until they have been tried. Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were ordered to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax. They will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. The 73rd minute substitute for non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice. His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip.
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 in League Two on Tuesday night. A David Worrall free-kick enabled the Shrimpers to leapfrog their hosts into fourth place.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the pressure on Preston at the top of League One. Preston beat Notts County 3-1 to stay a point clear of MK Dons with two games to play. Preston remain in pole position to join Bristol City in the Championship next season. Rochdale kept their play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton Orient.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog. The streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Kolo Toure said Steven Gerrard was'sad' after the loss but also felt sorry for fans. Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's stadium, where Arsenal were losing 2-0. Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991. The father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday's 'Match against Poverty' in St Etienne. Chelsea striker picked up an ankle injury against Manchester United on Saturday. Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed 1-0 win over United with hamstring injuries.
Justin Rose finished tied for second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par. Rose was hoping to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters. Rory McIlroy won the Open, Bridgestone Invitational and US PGA in 2014.
Caroline Wozniacki made her Roland Garros debut as a 17-year-old in 2007. The Dane has never won a grand slam title, but she has reached the US Open final twice.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder. The Manor driver is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. The 23-year-old has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine.
Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday's Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket. Terror finished fourth in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September prior to her landing a Listed event there five weeks later. The 1,000 Guineas hope is trained by David Simcock.
Jordan Spieth won his maiden major title at Augusta National on Sunday. Rory McIlroy failed in his bid to become the sixth player in history to win all four major titles. Graeme McDowell believes Spieth is more comparable to Jack Nicklaus than Tiger Woods. Spieth was ranked 44th in driving distance with an average of 282 yards.
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday. Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory since Red Rum in 1974. Many Clouds owner Trevor Hemmings flew in by helicopter from his Isle Of Man home.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract with relegated London Welsh. The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets. Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season after finishing bottom of Aviva Premiership.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital. Ruby Walsh warned the field to go wide at the Canal Turn as vets tended to the stricken gelding.
Leighton Aspell won the Grand National on Many Clouds on Saturday. The 38-year-old became the first rider since Bryan Marshall to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses. Many Clouds won the National for trainer Oliver Sherwood and Aspell.
Brian O'Driscoll believes Roman Abramovich style investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force. Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup semi-finals against Clermont Auvergne.
Christian Wade failed to turn up to a charity event for Matt Hampson Foundation. Wasps team-mate Andy Goode accused the 23-year-old of having 'bad values'Goode tweeted: 'Bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to @Hambofoundation then saying he’s too tired, poor culture & no trust'Wade, who missed out on the RBS 6 Nations, is recovering from a hamstring injury.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in St Etienne on Saturday. Saracens captain Brad Barritt is back to anchor the Sarries midfield against the Top 14 giants. Wesley Fofana, Julien Bonnaire and Billy Vunipola will be key to Sarries' game plan.
Bath have announced the signing of England Sevens international Jeff Williams. The 26-year-old will move to the Recreation Ground for next season. Williams has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit.
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match in Kolkata. The 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury on Friday. He regained consciousness but died in hospital on Monday after passing away. India legend Sachin Tendulkar has paid tribute to 'promising' youngster.
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series in the West Indies. Ian Bell scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test, but England failed to see out the win. West Indies hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in Antigua last week. Bell was full of praise for Jason Holder and Jerome Taylor.
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds. The 31-year-old prop had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons. Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday ahead of the second Test against West Indies. Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test in Antigua through injury.
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday. Jonathan Davies has warned Saracens they are'sharpening the blade' ahead of the game. The French outfit thrashed Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town against Caldy on Sunday. The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings. Lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his return to the County Championship. The 34-year-old was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013. Sri Lankan Kumar Sangakarra made a century on his Surrey debut.
Mark Selby beat Kurt Maflin 6-3 in the first round of the World Championship. The 31-year-old won his maiden Crucible title last year, beating Ronnie O'Sullivan in the final. No first-time champion has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension with Saracens. The 33 times-capped centre was the hero of Sarries' Champions Cup quarter-final win over Racing Metro.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer. It is the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in the history of the Scottish Rugby Union. BT will pay £3.6m over three years for the naming rights of Murrayfield.
Mark Selby faces Kurt Maflin in the first round of the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible on Saturday. Selby won the title at the same venue in 2014, but no first-time winner has retained it the next year.
Michael Phelps won 100m butterfly at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona. The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist won the race in Mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds. The 29-year-old will miss this summer's World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday. The former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds. She said the World Championships in August were 'the aim'
Middlesbrough beat Arsenal Under-21s 3-2 at the Riverside Stadium on Monday. Gunners goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scythed down Boro's Harry Chapman in the box. Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty for Middlesbrough. Alex Iwobi then equalised for Arsenal, netting his sixth goal in his last four games.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game as Louis van Gaal's side lost. Juan Mata returned to Stamford Bridge for the first time since leaving the club in January last year.
Alex Hales completed a double century for Nottinghamshire against Yorkshire. The 26-year-old was unbeaten on 222 not out at stumps on Sunday. Hales scored his runs from 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six. Steven Patterson took two for 58 and Jack Brooks two for 90 for Yorkshire.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League. The West Brom manager has never finished higher than 11th in the top flight. Alan Pardew, Sam Allardyce, Mark Hughes, Mauricio Pochettino and Garry Monk are all in the relegation zone.
Hull face Southampton at the KC Stadium on Saturday in the Premier League. Steve Bruce admits his side need 'crazy results' to avoid relegation from the top flight. The Tigers are currently two points above the bottom three after wins for QPR and Leicester.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014. The 26-year-old plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics ahead of Rio 2016 Olympics.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved. The 24-year-old has already received his passport from the small eastern European state.
Mike Ashley has been urged to invest in Newcastle United or risk losing a generation of fans. Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday. Protesters are calling for a repeat when Swansea travel to St James' Park on Saturday.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season. Without that run, they would only be on 20 points and would be headed for relegation. Newcastle are currently bottom of the Premier League with 29 points.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday to go 17th in the Premier League. Leonardo Ulloa scored his first Premier League goal in 647 minutes for the Foxes. Leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since May 2000.
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham for £5million from MK Dons in January. The 19-year-old was crowned Young Player of the Year on Sunday night. Alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio Pochettino next season.
Sam Allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season. Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut for Rangers against Dumbarton. The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the Sons. Mark Wilson opened the scoring for Dumbarton with a second-half strike. Haris Vuckic completed the 3-1 win for Stuart McCall's side in the second half.
Rangers currently lead the race for second spot in the Championship. Stuart McCall's side have a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion over Queen of the South. Rangers have dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion.
Yannick Bolasie scored a second-half hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 5-1 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday. Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles in the 48th minute with a close-range finish. Crystal Palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under Alan Pardew and the table for 2015 alone has the Eagles soaring in fifth, two points behind champions elect Chelsea.
Dave King faces a challenge to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers. The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles. Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders.
Danny Ings, Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert are set to leave Liverpool this summer. Petr Cech could be out of reach for the Reds if Paris Saint-Germain make a move for the Chelsea goalkeeper. Memphis Depay is an ideal signing for Brendan Rodgers, but he must compete with Europe's elite side.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City. West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has warned him.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family. His book, 'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners', challenges popular perception about the US bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening £800m takeover in 2005. Nayani reveals that the family were 'completely unruffled' by the mass protests that greeted their arrival.
Wojciech Szczesny turned 25 on Saturday after Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. He was joined at his London home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands, 'Lemon', who delivered a private performance. The Poland international was clearly touched by the efforts of his singer-songwriter girlfriend Mariana Luczenko.
Johann Gudmundsson equalised for Charlton Athletic in the first-half. Ross McCormack gave Fulham the lead after eight minutes with just eight minutes played.
Barcelona and Real Madrid could be looking to offload players this summer. Barca want limited departures from the first team this summer because they can’t sign players until January. At Real Madrid the need for a clear-out could make the exodus bigger than in most other seasons. Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium is nearing completion. Broadhurst Park is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford, seven miles away across the city. It is a ground for the fans, paid for by the fans and will host Benfica on May 29.
Newcastle United host Tottenham Hotspur at St James' Park on Sunday. John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United. Fans are unhappy at how Newcastle are being run under Mike Ashley and have planned a boycott. Carver has urged fans to get behind the squad ahead of the game.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same consistency since they returned from England duty. Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League, scoring 29 goals in all competitions.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad. The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa. Young now feels he has an important role under Louis van Gaal.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) and Arturo Vidal (57) all started.
Manny Pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez, otherwise known as AC Slater, and NBA superstar Jeremy Lin. The Filipino boxer took to Instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2. Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing and will have just one more fight.
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time in the Wear-Tyne derby. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher and Danny Murphy have criticised Krul for his actions. Krul should have been so lost in his own despair, or anger, or disappointment, or fierce resolve to get back on terms.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury during the quarter-final. The Czech will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
Enner Valencia is a transfer target for Chelsea in the summer. Jose Mourinho is ready to revive his interest in the West Ham striker. Chelsea have offered Patrick Bamford a new contract at Stamford Bridge. The 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for Middlesbrough.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating the Gunners. The Royals boss has never beaten Arsene Wenger as a manager.
Amir Khan announced Chris Algieri as his next opponent last week. The welterweight has admitted he does not know who he will fight on May 30. Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford are set to return to the Olympic Stadium. The three-day extravaganza includes the world’s only two-day Diamond League meeting from July 24-25.
Wojciech Szczesny has lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season. Arsene Wenger admits he's working hard in training to win back his place.
Manchester City players trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday. Manuel Pellegrini's side face West Ham United on Sunday in the Premier League. Sergio Aguero, Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players who could leave in the summer.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder has been in the league for eight years. He believes the MLS will be the world's 'third or fourth biggest league' in ten years.
David Villa cheered on former club Atletico Madrid during the Champions League quarter-final first-leg clash with city rivals Real Madrid. The 33-year-old joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot in the Spanish capital. Villa is enjoying life in New York and has been named club captain.
UFC women's champion Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao's camp in Los Angeles. She said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person' in the Filipino boxer. The undefeated UFC bantamweight champion paid a visit to the Filipino's Los Angeles training camp.
Patrick Bamford scored in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday. The 21-year-old has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons this season. Bamford is currently on a £7,500-a-week deal at the Riverside Stadium.
Rebecca Lowe was at Turf Moor to present Burnley's Premier League match against Arsenal. Lowe was joined by former Wimbledon midfielder Robbie Earle and retired MLS star Kyle Martino. Lowe herself is a lifelong Crystal Palace fan.
Floyd Mayweather will hold an open workout for the media on Tuesday night. The session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am UK (7pm EDT)Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym in Los Angeles this evening. Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Obi Okele, the owner of Fusion Luxury Motors, was given the task of getting Mayweather the Bugatti. The super-car was delivered just 11 hours later and is worth an estimated £1.5million. Mayweather's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao is just three weeks away and Mayweather continues to work in the gym.
Grigor Dimitrov beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo Masters quarter-final. The Swiss No 2 looked listless and disinterested in the match. The Bulgarian will now face Gael Monfils in the last eight.
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner in Monte Carlo Masters. Nadal will now face David Ferrer in the last eight. Roger Federer lost to Gael Monfils 6-4 7-6 (7/5)
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) with both fighters picking up huge pay days. Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners to referee the bout. Mayweather recently revealed he is within three pounds of the welterweight limit.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing in a new music video. The Filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in 'I'm fighting for Filipinos'The 36-year-old is preparing for his highly-anticipated showdown with Floyd Mayweather.
Atletico Madrid know how to replace stars, from David De Gea to Thibaut Courtois, to Jan Oblak. Diego Forlan became Sergio Aguero, became Radamel Falcao, became Diego Costa who has now become that bloodied battering-ram Mario Mandzukic.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve so the competition can be preserved. Reading had to play Bradford in the last round on a Monday after playing on a Saturday.
Floyd Mayweather's personal chef reveals he loves his snacks on'snack day''Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220)Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Miranda has questioned why officials from'minor leagues' should be allowed to referee high-profile games. The Brazil defender has also criticised the performance of referee Milorad Mazic. Mario Suarez has also taken a swipe at the Serbian official.
Philipp Lahm was speaking to Owen Hargreaves ahead of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto. The World Cup winner praised manager Pep Guardiola for his 'tactical understanding' of the game. Lahm also spoke about the differences in approach between Guardiola and his predecessor Jupp Heynckes.
Theo Walcott has just over 12 months remaining on his current £90,000-a-week contract. The 26-year-old has attracted interest from Liverpool and Manchester City. Walcott is scheduled to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight.
Gareth Bale was often the brightest of Real Madrid's front three but his miss was still the clearest. Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half as Jan Oblak saved. Cristiano Ronaldo was confronted by a supporter at the end of the 0-0 draw.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal. The Croatian striker was the centre of attention in on-pitch scraps with Sergio Ramos and Raphael Varane during the Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon. Paul Scholes has criticised the Atletico Madrid star for'making a meal' of many of his second-half clashes.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film, insisting You and the Night is a 'piece of art'The French film has a number of racy scenes, and at one point sees Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear. The 48-year-old was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries. David de Gea, Victor Valdes, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera (all Spain), Marcos Rojo, Angel di Maria, Antonio Valencia (Ecuador) and Falcao (Colombia) at United, and Willy Caballero, Pablo Zabaleta, Martin Demichelis, Sergio Aguero (all Argentina), Jesus Navas and David Silva (both Spain) at City. Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads.
Tim Sherwood's Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1 at Selhurst Park. Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a narrow win over Burnley. Hull City remain in danger after a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years. The 22-year-old winger was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013 for £10million. Zaha admits he felt 'worthless' during his two-year spell at Old Trafford.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona. The former Manchester United forward was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared to Lionel Messi's 45 and Cristiano Ronaldo's 51 for Real Madrid.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid in La Liga on Tuesday. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game to give Juventus the advantage over Monaco.
Chris Maguire converted an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court. Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth in front before Yann Kermorgant equalised midway through the second half. Kieran Lee put Sheffield Wednesday in front with a 36th minute header before Simon Francis was sent off for two yellow cards.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals for Paris Saint-Germain this season. The 33-year-old is available for selection for the club's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Barcelona.
Eric Cantona believes Manchester United are 'kings of the city' again after beating Manchester City 4-2 on Sunday. The club legend believes Louis van Gaal is the right man for the job at Old Trafford. United have won their last six Premier League games - moving up to third in the table. Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday. Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored in stoppage time to put Cherries ahead. Chris Maguire equalised for Sheffield Wednesday from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu. Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty.
Petr Cech has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order this season. The 32-year-old is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer with Arsenal and Liverpool among those linked. Cech posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 to his YouTube channel on Tuesday.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk. Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Julen Lopetegui's side beat Basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round and are unbeaten in the competition.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tyres and fuel. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last three games with an abdominal injury. The Holland international has said he has felt 'physically disabled' during the last few weeks. Robben is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German manager has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex. Real Madrid's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club's HQ. Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League table. Some fans will now have to pay over £1,700 to watch Man City, up from just £885. The club claim the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium's expansion.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Premier League on Sunday. David Silva received an elbow to the face by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half. The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital. Manuel Pellegrini believes the incident was 'accidental'
Russia awarded 3-0 walkover after abandonment of Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica. Montenegro ordered to play next two matches behind closed doors and fined £36,280. Russia awarded 25,000 euro (£18,143) fine for their players' actions.
Manchester City's Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg. City captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance to watch the game at the Academy Stadium.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the Premier League at Old Trafford. Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera and Juan Mata scored for the hosts. Sergio Aguero scored twice late on to make it 3-1.
Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave the Championship club at the end of next season. Aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011. Wednesday have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder to work alongside head coach Stuart Gray.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday. The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals for Middlesbrough this season. Bamford is hoping to be part of Gareth Southgate’s England Under 21 squad for the European Championships.
Yoshinori Muto would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Chelsea agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February. The west London club are believed to have made an offer for the 22-year-old.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool's official fan club in Pakistan. The lifelong Liverpool fan, 27, has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies. The Pak fan club has branches in Lahore, Islamabad, Hyderabad, Karachi, Peshawar and Chakwal.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 in the Challenge Cup at the Odsal Stadium. Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for the Robins.
Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Alvaro Morata went down under Ricardo Carvalho's challenge and the referee pointed to the spot. Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal stepped up to score from the spot in Turin. Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim described the decision as a 'huge injustice'
Javier Pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are better than him. Ex-Manchester United star Eric Cantona claimed Pastore is 'the best player in the world'Pastore scored a brace in PSG's 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday to reclaim top spot in Ligue 1.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons. Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea since joining the club in January 2012. Cahill has won four cups with the Blues since joining in 2012, including the Champions League. Chelsea host Manchester United in the league on Saturday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a 'boring' club. Jamie Carragher says the Newcastle owner is only interested in making money. Newcastle lost 3-1 to Tottenham at St James' Park on Sunday in the Premier League.
Laurent Blanc's side face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are both back from suspension for the second leg. Luis Suarez scored twice in the 3-1 defeat in the first leg in Paris last week.
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six. Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply. Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday.
Andy Lee makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight belt against Peter Quillin. The Irishman won the title last year against Matt Korobov in New York. Lee is confident he has improved even further since winning the title. Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
Eddie Hearn has offered Carl Frampton £1.5m for a super-bantamweight super-fight with Scott Quigg. Quigg is the defending WBA champion and wants to fight Frampton in Manchester. Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal. But Frampton's promoters, Cyclone Promotions, released a press release in response to the offer, claiming they were awaiting formal communication from Hearn’s Matchroom Sports.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California. He claims he was wrestled to the floor by two officers who then hit him with a baton or stick. The 30-year-old was twice over the legal limit for driving and had traces of methamphetamine and cocaine in his blood. Reardon claims he suffered respiratory failure and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix. Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney and has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe. A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, from Port St. Lucie, Florida, charged with child abuse. She had taken her 13-year-old son, 13, and three siblings on an errand when he jumped on the hood of the car. Garcia allegedly drove 200ft with her son on the car's hood before stopping. The boy was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries, police say.
Pilates instructor and YouTube star Cassey Ho combats body-shamers who comment on her videos. The 28-year-old says negative comments on her YouTube channel have made her cry on more than one occasion. Her new video, The 'Perfect' Body, examines whether conforming to society's standards is the key to happiness, while highlighting some of the cruel comments.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. While his daughter doesn't look happy, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season. The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own. They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning. More than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on eBay, many at higher price points, prompting angry customers who were unable to walk away with Lilly Pulitzer merchandise to boycott the second-hand sellers.
Danny Welbeck says he has been made to feel very welcome at Arsenal. Arsenal face Championship side Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Welbeck wants to play in a more central role for the Gunners.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League with seven games remaining. The Blues have announced a partnership with wellness solutions provider Technogym. Blues have kitted out their Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment. Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez. Newcastle United defender Gutierrez was given a standing ovation at Liverpool on Monday night. United will have to pay £46million to make the striker's season-long loan permanent. The 29-year-old has been linked with a move to PSG, Juventus and Valencia.
Celtic beat Dundee 1-0 at Den's Park on Wednesday night. Gary Mackay-Steven opened the scoring for the hosts in the 32nd minute. Virgil van Dijk doubled Celtic's lead in the 63rd minute with a 20-yard free-kick.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have just over two weeks to go until the $300million mega-fight. The fight takes place at the Las Vegas, MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2 - with the bout billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Commercial diver Johnny Debnam was free diving four metres beneath the ocean when he had his snuggle with the majestic, friendly creature. The stingray swum over him three times, enveloping him under his body as he glided on top. Mr Debnam says he felt completely at ease with the stingray, although he was aware of the risks.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3. Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show his support. Phil Taylor beat Dave Chisnall and drew with Stephen Bunting. Gary Anderson fought back to earn a 6-6 draw against James Wade.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 (5-1 on agg) to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Enrique's side are top of La Liga and will play Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final. Former defender Eric Abidal believes Barcelona are on the road to a treble.
Real Madrid beat Malaga 3-1 in La Liga clash at the Bernabeu. Sergio Ramos opened the scoring in the 24th-minute before James Rodriguez made it 2-0. Gareth Bale went off after less than five minutes with a calf injury. Luka Modric was taken out in the second half with a knee injury.
Richie Benaud's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in Sydney on Wednesday. Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. Former Australia captain and commentator Ian Chappell and Shane Warne also attended the service.
Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane put Spurs 3-1 up in the first half at St James' Park. Jack Colback put Newcastle in front in the 46th minute with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool from Lille for £10million last summer. The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at French side Lille. Origi says he has been in regular contact with his international team-mate Simon Mignolet.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match. The Scottish FA are appealing the decision to ban him from the Scottish Cup Final. FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong'Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory.
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference. FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence. The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put the home side ahead at the break. David Silva was taken off on a stretcher after an elbow to the face from Cheikhou Kouyate. Manuel Pellegrini's side have now won just once in their last eight Premier League games.
David Moyes was sacked by Manchester United exactly a year ago. Louis van Gaal has taken United back into the top four, despite an up-and-down season. United have already won more league points than they did last season and there are still five matches left.
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up behind Joachim Low at the Ballon d'Or in January. Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday night. Real have struggled against Atletico in recent years and were beaten 4-0 in La Liga in February.
A 4WD burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at Sydney airport's busy international terminal on Thursday morning. The red 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle. The fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke.
The 50-year-old man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in the tourist town of Kuta. He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. It's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria and was holidaying at the Bali resort. An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
The red and black luggage moves along the conveyor belt after being taken from the plane. Out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track. It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an airport.
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand was'shocked' and 'disgusted' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home. The ball was deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. Ms Peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin. ‘I picked it up and saw all the needles sticking out and got a real shock,' she said.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla. Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up.
Insurers are checking people's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property, and are using it as a reason not to pay out. Most firms include'reasonable care' clause in contracts, meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property. Police have warned that would-be thieves will often check social networks to establish that people are out of their homes before striking.
Warren Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women. Britney Osbourne, 23, and Quying Boyd, 34, were both arrested along with Sapp. Sapp, 42, was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault. In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel. In the video, Sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' after he 'put $600 on the table' in his hotel room.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on Saturday. All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old. The puppies, which all appear to be a Labrador mix, are in the care of a Marshall High School employee.
Ryanair flight from Madrid to Manchester was due to land at 11.25pm on Friday. Passengers disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3. They claim they were not asked for documents but were able to walk past empty cubicles. Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
David Cameron hits back at Andrew Marr for claiming he said foxhunting is his favourite sport. The Tory leader hit back at the BBC after being left baffled by questions during an interview on Sunday. He said he had 'upped the tempo' to make the case that his economic plan is working. But he took time out from the campaign to escalate his row with the BBC.
The young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully while its adopted mother relaxes on the floor. After creeping up on Kali, the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose.
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington, D.C., metro system by two men who leaped down after him. It is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over the edge of the platform.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caley Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Virgil van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the title.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season and is the Championship's Player of the Year. He is on loan from Chelsea and hopes to become Chelsea's answer to Harry Kane next season. Bamford says he wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge.
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside. One driver in a silver Mercedes tried to sail up the inside lane in a sneaky bid to avoid having to wait. But a silver Renault driver pulled into inside lane to block the Mercedes from moving forwards. The incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist and posted to Youtube.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Porto were thrashed 7-4 on aggregate after a 3-1 first leg lead at the Allianz Arena. The team bus was met with a cacophony of noise from Porto supporters.
Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out. It is claimed that the video was taken at his home in Southport in the days before a game. The 20-year-old scored the opening goal in Liverpool's 2-0 victory over Newcastle.
Nathan is attracting interest from Chelsea and Manchester City. The 19-year-old has been in contract dispute with his club Atletico Paranaense. Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack, which will require surgery. The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault, according to a statement from the Rutherford County Sheriff's Department. The boy is due back in court Wednesday, where he'll learn whether he'll be held as a juvenile offender or adult.
Xiao Qibin started running his goat farm in Chaohu, Anhui Province, about a year ago. The kid was born with four forelegs and two hind legs and weighed 5kg at birth.
Nice forward Alassane Plea is on Tony Pulis' radar ahead of the summer transfer window. Former Lyon trainee Plea has been capped at various levels by France including U21.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, are accused of murder and rape. The vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
James Milner's Manchester City contract expires at the end of the season. The England midfielder has been linked with a move to Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void left by Steven Gerrard's departure.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport. Manchester United are also interested in the Uruguayan. Cavani's agent says his client is most likely to move to England or Spain this summer.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg on Wednesday night. Manchester United were watching Lazio's Felipe Anderson and Napoli's Gonzalo Higuain. The 21-year-old Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool. Napoli boss Rafa Benitez is set to leave the San Paolo stadium in the summer.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea. The 21-year-old says he is happy to stay at Valencia and ply his trade in La Liga.
Memphis Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games for PSV Eindhoven so far this season. The 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of Europe's big boys after impressing in the Eredivisie. Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the Manchester United target.
Marc Tierney is set to announce his retirement from football on Thursday. Bolton defender has been forced to take early retirement after a long-term ankle injury. The 29-year-old was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to his injury.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw against the Montreal Impact in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final. Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead with the message 'Grandfather I love you'Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact for 76 minutes before he was replaced.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo's 22-year-old forward Yoshinori Muto, according to club president Naoki Ogane. The Japan international will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Muto has earned 11 caps for his country after signing his first professional contract in 2014, scoring once for the Samurai Blue.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move to Wolfsburg and Napoli. The 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds since 2008. But he has rejected the rumours and said his future remains at Anfield.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before deciding they like a selfie, survey found. Two in three women (64 per cent) feel anxious just having their photo taken, while looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves, according to survey by market researchers OnePoll.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for the club's Under-21s on Tuesday. The 26-year-old has only made one league start this season for Peter Beardsley's side. De Jong was a £6m summer signing from Ajax but has struggled with injuries.
Retired policeman Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire. But as he tended the victim – Alan Tretheway, 67 – Mr Bell was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season. The 28-year-old has made 22 appearances in four seasons for the Gunners. Diaby has suffered 42 injuries since signing for the club in 2006.
Gloucestershire Police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley. The driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry.
David Silva received an elbow to the face by Cheikhou Kouyate during Man City's 2-0 win over West Ham. The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital for treatment. The club allayed fears over his condition on Monday by confirming nothing had been broken. Manuel Pellegrini's side face FA Cup finalists Aston Villa next Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire after a disappointing third season with Liverpool. The Reds lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday and were dumped out of the Capital One Cup by Chelsea. Former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore believes Rodgers is the right man for the job.
David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate on Sunday. The 29-year-old was taken to hospital but tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture. Manchester City face Aston Villa in their next Premier League game on Saturday.
Aston Villa and Reading have been charged by the FA in relation to crowd disturbances after their FA Cup quarter-final matches. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge. Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 while Reading beat Bradford 3-0 in a replay at Madejski Stadium.
Tomas Berdych beat Gael Monfils 6-1, 6-4 to reach Monte Carlo Masters final. The Czech will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final.
Mayweather's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols takes on Pacquiao's role. The Filipino meets undefeated Mayweather in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
Gregory Benoist is the only jockey signed up to race under Al Shaqab banner in France. Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer. Sheik Joaan Al Thani chose not to pick him and insists he's happy with his choice.
Saracens lost to Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne.
Kevin Pietersen scored just 19 against Glamorgan in the LV= County Championship. The 34-year-old is keen to play for England again after being sacked in 2014. Mike Gatting believes Pietersen should not walk straight back into the set-up.
Devendra Bishoo will play against England in the second Test in Grenada. West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed that the leg-spinner will play on Tuesday. The 29-year-old has a record of 40 wickets at 39.55 in 11 caps for the West Indies.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009 - when six policemen and two civilians died.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 11-4 in overtime to take 1-0 lead in first-round playoff series.
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday. Mark McCall's side lost 46-6 to Northampton Saints in last year's semi-final. Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench. Maro Itoje will start at blindside flanker for Sarries.
Alastair Cook has not scored a Test hundred for 33 innings since May 2013. The England captain has scored more Test centuries than any other Englishman. Cook is unbeaten in his last four Test innings and has scored three half-centuries. The second Test against West Indies starts at the National Cricket Ground Stadium.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave its spiritual home of Sheffield. Hearn revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC.
Scott Sinclair is on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City. The 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa. Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The 22-year-old has been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad. Ings has scored nine goals during his debut Premier League season.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday. The 19-year-old striker says he hopes he impressed Ronald Koeman.
Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard were good friends at Liverpool. The 31-year-old returned to Anfield to play in his charity match against Jamie Carragher's side. Torres says Gerrard is the best of all the great players he has played with.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday. The quartet gathered outside the Plough and Harrow pub shortly before 5pm, where they confronted Burnley supporters. The incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from the Newcastle squad for Sunday's 3-1 defeat by Tottenham. The 31-year-old posted a message on Twitter saying that he was not injured. But sources close to Gutierrez say he was axed following a heated exchange with Carver. Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal despite seven years at the club.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo on Instagram of him enjoying a game of basketball. Sunderland are in the Premier League relegation battle and are three points above the relegation zone. Defoe has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances for the Black Cats.
Yannick Bolasie scored an 11-minute hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-0. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat looked on as Sunderland were dismantled at the Stadium of Light. Sunderland have now lost the four matches immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories.
Sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone. Dick Advocaat has concerns over the strength of his players ahead of relegation run-in. Black Cats boss has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Benfica. The 23-year-old is hoping to take his chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form Bafetimbi Gomis.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russia president Valdimir Putin on a World Cup visit on Monday. Blatter said the 2018 World Cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football's world governing body.
Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro are both on Manchester City's transfer wish-list. City sporting director Txiki Begiristain watched Porto in action against Bayern Munich on Tuesday. City are also keen on Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne, who used to play for Chelsea.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season. Former QPR boss says the club have been rescued by the club's young players. Tottenham are currently occupying a place only in the top six in the Premier League.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS for his performance for the club's B-team Castilla. The Norway international was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane, and was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game and Bild lead with the headline '6-1! It even bursts Pep's pants!' Record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page, adding Porto had 'the worst defeat in their European history'Mundo Deportivo lead with Barcelona 'flying into the semis' after a 2-0 win over PSG.
Mark Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks. Jon Moss will take charge of the FA Cup final between Aston Villa and Arsenal on May 30. Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey has slammed the decision to put Moss in charge.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba. The 22-year-old has earned himself a call up to the Romania national team. Villa scouts have been alerted to his progress and the club has opened talks.
Harry Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side's 3-1 Barclays Premier League victory at Newcastle on Sunday. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old England hitman can improve further.
Dele Alli has set his sights on the Toulon Tournament with England Under 20s. The 19-year-old has impressed for MK Dons this season leading to Tottenham signing him for £5m in January. Alli was voted Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards last Sunday.
Carles N'Zogbia turned up for training at Bodymoor Heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo. Aston Villa goalkeeper Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman's choice of attire describing it as the 'the worst ever'Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley next weekend.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday. Ronaldo helped Portugal go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I with a 2-1 win against Serbia. Gareth Bale scored twice in Wales' 3-0 victory against Israel in Haifa.
Charlie Pye applied for the Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked. The youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football, a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets. Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials, despite missing out on the job.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. Per Mertesacker believes the Gunners have become a stronger team after their success last season. But the German defender will not allow himself and his team-mates to become complacent. Arsenal have won 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and are second in the Premier League.
Premier League and FA Cup semi-finals take place on Saturday and Sunday. Click here for all the latest team news and stats ahead of the weekend's action.
Martin Odegaard signed for Real Madrid in a £2.3m deal from Stromsgodset in January. The 16-year-old is on wages of around 40,000-a-week at Real Madrid Castilla. Zinedine Zidane has dropped the Norwegian as he looks to secure promotion. The Norwegian is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German manager has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Arsenal. Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in the Premier League.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January. The 23-year-old insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and won't be leaving in the summer. Oscar has scored seven goals and made eight assists for Chelsea this season.
Marvin Hagler believes Floyd Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep. Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance. Mayweather has posted pictures of himself counting money and of his expensive timepiece.
David Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history against Sheffield United at Old Trafford 12 years ago. The 51-year-old says it is the best penalty save he has ever made during his career. Seaman believes the save tops his penalty heroics at Euro 96 for England.
Joe Calzaghe and his girlfriend Lucy enjoyed a sun lounger on the beach in Barbados. The couple took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim but were interrupted by a downpour of rain. The former super-middleweight champion won all 46 of his professional fights.
Danny Ings is a top target for Manchester United this summer. Louis van Gaal is a fan of the 22-year-old and was impressed by his performance against United. United are also interested in Memphis Depay, Nathaniel Clyne and Mats Hummels. Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie's futures at Old Trafford are uncertain.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of Floyd Mayweather Jnr fight. The 36-year-old boxer wrote and sang the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino'The tune translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino'It will be played ahead of the richest fight in history at the MGM Grand on May 2.
Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld face each other in Premier League Darts on Thursday. World No 1 Van Gerwen beat countryman 7-2 last week to stay undefeated in the competition. Van Breenveld faces Gary Anderson in the play-offs at The O2 in London on May 21.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall on Thursday. The defeat for Taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. Chisnaall's victory moved him up to second in the table after Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld. Peter Wright and Kim Huybrechts also suffered Premier League elimination on 'Judgement Night'
Richie Benaud, the former Australia captain and cricket commentator, has died aged 84. Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964 to pursue a career in journalism and broadcasting. The Daily Telegraph had a special tribute edition with the headline 'A marvellous innings'
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time. The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game. Arsenal will face either Liverpool or Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final.
England's top order collapsed in the first Test against West Indies in Antigua. Ian Bell, Joe Root and Ben Stokes put on 177 for the fourth wicket to rescue England. Alastair Cook is 25, Kevin Pietersen is 23, Wally Hammond 22, Colin Cowdrey 22 and Geoff Boycott 22.
Radamel Falcao moved to Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer. United will have to pay £46million to make the move permanent but Louis van Gaal's side are unlikely to take it up. Former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes the Colombian must be regretting his move.
Newcastle boss John Carver has asked for advice from Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer. Toon fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs in protest against owner Mike Ashley for a perceived lack of ambition. Carver was in the dugout at the end of last season when fans again expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over Cardiff. The Toon boss believes the home double-header with Spurs and Swansea will determine how the rest of their season plays out.
Raheem Sterling scored the opening goal in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle United. The 20-year-old has been in the headlines for the wrong reasons after his recent controversies. Brendan Rodgers says he will talk to his rising star about what being a professional entails.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. James Collins scored an own goal and Sergio Aguero scored his 20th Premier League goal of the season.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game. Several hundred gathered outside of St James’ Park before kick-off. Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition.
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from fear of facing Manchester City. Hammers defender says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini's side. City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - in dominant style.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League. The Real Madrid manager has denied rumours he is about to leave the Bernabeu this summer. The 55-year-old believes Iker Casillas will also be staying at the club next season. Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri tells his players to 'get rid of the ghosts'
Rafael Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services. He was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012 but it's fair to say the fans never warmed to him. He had beaten the Blues in two Champions League semi-finals with drab defensive tactics. The rumours are that he could now be on for a return to the Premier League - he knows English football inside out.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match, their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006. Jose Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about the points.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move away from the Britannia Stadium. The Bosnia international is out of contract with Stoke City in 2016. Mark Hughes has played down reports linking him with a summer move to Real Madrid. The Potters boss says he is hopeful the 27-year-old will sign a new deal with the club.
Luis Suarez scored twice to put Barcelona 3-0 up against PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday evening. Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 18th minute with a brilliant finish into the top corner. Luis Enrique's side have scored more goals away from home this season than any team in the competition.
Barcelona are six points clear at the top of La Liga. Luis Enrique only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal. Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique's performance.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano on April 8. The Portuguese forward has only taken six years to reach the figure in all competitions, having signed for the club for a then world-record fee of £80million from Manchester United.
Lionel Messi has a place at Barcelona until 'he decides to quit football', claims club president Josep Maria Bartomeu. Barca star was linked with a move away from the Nou Camp earlier this year after a reported falling out with the board.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September. Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United have yet to decide on a permanent deal. Monaco spent a reported £50million to sign the striker from Porto in May 2013.
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday. Les Rouges et Blancs are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals. Juventus are 15 points clear at the top of Serie A and well poised after Arturo Vidal's penalty in Turin last week.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was cancelled on Monday. The Filipino boxer could only answer one question due to technical issues. Mayweather is due to address the media in a conference call on Wednesday.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The club's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal. Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020.
Rafael Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before he joined Wolfsburg. The Napoli boss won the Europa League as Chelsea boss in 2013. Napoli travel to Wolfsburg for the first leg of the quarter-final on Thursday.
Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona this season. The Uruguayan admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar.
Werder Bremen beat bottom club Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby. Franco Di Santo converted an 84th-minute penalty to keep Werder in the running for a Europa League spot. Hamburg's Valon Behrami was sent off after bringing down Zlatko Junuzovic. New Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia made a losing return to the bench.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time. Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to beat the Championship side.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup. The 19-year-old was loaned back to Ligue 1 side Lille for this season. Origi was recently voted the second most overrated player in a poll by France Football. Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Origi to be a success at Anfield.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history. The Chelsea manager has kept 101 clean sheets in 189 Premier League matches. Mourinho also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded per game. Roberto Mancini and Arsene Wenger also have impressive defensive records.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a 15-second video to his 5 million Instagram followers. The 38-year-old boxer hits back at his supposed 'haters' ahead of his fight-of-the-century bout with Manny Pacquiao next month. Footage shows rows of diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash. Video was shot by director James 'JP' Dayap, a proud member of Mayweather's The Money Team brand.
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Palermo's Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Spain. Argentine forward has attracted interest from a number of leading European clubs. Juventus, Roma, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the forward. Mundo Deportivo have installed Barcelona as favourites to win the Champions League.
Manchester City have 'let themselves down' this season, says Joe Hart. Manuel Pellegrini's side are 12 points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea with five games to play.
Anderson Silva will meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The 40-year-old mixed martial arts fighter is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests. Silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase at Aintree on Friday. McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory ahead of his final Grand National on Saturday. Gordon Elliott trains Cause of Causes, a gelding owned by McCoy’s boss JP McManus. Elliott is the man who trained 2007 National winner Silver Birch.
Juventus have made a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Italy. Gazzetta dello Sport report Juventus have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for the 21-year-old. Manchester United and Arsenal have also been linked with the forward. Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0, while Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0.
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot. Sepp Blatter's smooth procession to a ridiculous fifth term as FIFA president continued at the Central American CONCACAF Congress in the Bahamas.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the Bundesliga club. The 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at Bayern for almost 40 years. He claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for Wednesday's 3-1 defeat by Porto.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes. The Manchester United midfielder says 'there will never be another Scholes'Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8m move from Athletic Bilbao.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process. Doha, home to the Aspire Dome, beat Eugene to the 2019 event.
Jessica Ennis-Hill will return to the track at the Great City Games in Manchester in May. The 29-year-old will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of May. She wants to be celebrating another medal win at the Rio Games in Brazil in 2016.
Memphis Depay is wanted by Manchester United and PSV Eindhoven. United have made enquiries for the Holland international, as have PSG and Paris St Germain. Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them. PSV value Depay at £25million and rejected a £14million bid from Tottenham for him last summer.
Jessica Ennis-Hill has written to the IAAF to ask if Tatyana Chernova can keep her world title. Chernova failed a drugs test two years before she beat Ennis by 129 points in Daegu, South Korea. The Russian was found to have tested positive for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
Mario Mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from Sergio Ramos' elbow. Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. The Croatian is expected to be fit for the return at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti's side will be without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. The Italian boss is adamant his side can cope without the trio. Real Madrid boss could turn to Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in their absence.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side will be without Gareth Bale, Luka Modric, Marcelo and Marcelo.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest. But he missed the whole thing being asleep! The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa.
Jessica Carey had her husband Aaron Carey tattoo a portrait of her grandmother on her arm. Jessica surprised her grandmother Patty Lawing with the tattoo and it was captured on camera. It showed her grandmother as a young woman with long red hair, wearing a smart blouse and jacket.
Adam Johnson charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. Johnson, an England international, was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
Aston Villa could sign Cordoba striker Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million. The 22-year-old has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling Spanish side. Andone has been called up to the Romanian national team.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close. He then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep.
Match organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition. Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories in Edinburgh.
Southampton host Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday in the Europa League. Ronald Koeman has called for his players to show maturity and respect. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal. There has also been speculation about the futures of Morgan Schneiderlin and Nathaniel Clyne.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final. Inverness defender was cited by the SFA for deliberate handball during Sunday's semi-final against Celtic. But a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face Falkirk on May 30.
Manchester City have increased season tickets for disabled fans by £345 to £975. Some disabled supporters say they are 'disgusted' with the club after the price hike. They claim the club are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad Stadium. City say they have increased the number of disabled bays to 238 and have invested in improving facilities.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championship’s basement club. Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000 in under three days – an act of defiance against the running of Blackpool.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken. Leonardo Bonucci added the second 11 minutes later, scoring from 18 yards. Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 to go top of Ligue 1 by a point. Lionel Messi scored a 93rd minute winner for Barcelona against Valencia.
Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches by Darren Farley's impression of Michael Owen. The pair met up ahead of the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday. Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi both have eight goals in Europe this season. But Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano has scored more than any other player in the competition. The 27-year-old is out of contract at the end of the year and could move to the Premier League. Click here for all the latest Champions League news.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against Manchester United. The 20-year-old man-marked Marouane Fellaini superbly during the 1-0 win. Jose Mourinho said he wanted the game to be a '10 against 10' clash.
Eden Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend. Real Madrid reserve boss Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for the Chelsea star.
Manchester United missed out on the Champions League last season. Patrice Evra, Javier Hernandez, Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique have all made the semi-finals in their former club's absence from the competition.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal in the Premier League. Oscar hopes that winning the title can kick-start a period of dominance in England. The Blues travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face the Gunners.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to contest a controversial FA Cup final. Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag. Some claimed the final should not have taken place at all following the outbreak of war the previous year.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, the Al Rayyan Stadium. The 40,000-seater ground is built in 'the gateway to the desert' and features air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed by the Judicial Panel yesterday. John Hughes says he was ready to quit as Inverness manager after hearing of the controversy. The Caley Thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender, before he was dramatically cleared.
Blake Shinn rode Miss Royale with his pants down. Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new five-year contract with Liverpool until 2020. The club's vice-captain could be handed the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves. The 24-year-old is 'over the moon' after signing a new long-term deal at Anfield.
Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000, claiming she stole her pet dog 'Doggie' when she was seven. The actress and her fiance Ashton Kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video claiming they will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video. Kutcher pointed out that their accuser was also one-month old at the time and apparently fluent in English and Ukranian.
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. 'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said. Lloyd refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder.
Video filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the 'vampire girl' preys on unsuspecting passers-by. She waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror.
Francis Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe. San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said he was 'disturbed and troubled' by the video and that an internal investigation is underway into the deputies' actions.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. One in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition. He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
The footage was captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday. It shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking two high school students. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, spilled onto the tracks.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. The five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $13 million, having failed to find a buyer at $15.9 million.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest. Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top. The boy then proceeds to follow the pet to his new location.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men. Police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on Victoria Street. They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Witnesses said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, just west of the city's international airport. Initial police report said the animal was a small seal. But a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion, according to Peter Wallerstein, the president of the group Marine Animal Rescue.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last night. Pep Guardiola split his pants during the game and joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'Guardiola is not the only famous face guilty of stepping into a suit that is a little on the snug side. Current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small.
A little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age and when Obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just couldn't believe it. The girl yelled in amazement, 'You look too young!'
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would like Kane to be rested at the end of his breakthrough season. Spurs and England have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend. The Reds are currently fifth in the Premier League table, seven points behind Manchester City. Rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer.
Southampton host Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Saturday. Ronald Koeman has praised Mauricio Pochettino for his 'great job' at St Mary's. The Dutchman has had to cope with several player sales, including Luke Shaw to Manchester United and Adam Lallana to Liverpool.
Spartak Moscow fined £2,500 and banned from two away games. The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol,' specifically a Celtic cross, typically used in Russia as a symbol for white supremacist groups. Spartak are currently sixth in the Russian Premier League.
The dramatic collision happened during rush hour in Changchun city, China. Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral. It's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army.
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity, it has been revealed. 'First of its kind' equipment developed by Elbit Systems working with Israeli Ministry of Defense. It will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. System will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install, officials say.
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against. Manchester United face his former club Everton in the Premier League on Sunday.
Kyle Walker picked up a foot injury against Burnley earlier this month. The Tottenham defender sustained the injury after a heavy collision with Kieran Trippier. There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool. The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020. Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County. Liverpool also expect to announce Jordan Henderson's new contract this week.
Brendan Rodgers is under pressure at Liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy. Jamie Carragher believes Rodgers is still the right man to lead the Reds forward. The former Reds defender received a Beacon Award for his community work on Merseyside.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. The 19-year-old is the third Premier League starlet this month to be exposed apparently using the legal high, after Raheem Sterling, 20, and Saido Berahino, 21.
The girl was attacked by the animal in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia. Photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. The circus is believed to have left Namtsy - also known as Yakutia - abruptly after the attack.
Ciro Immobile has struggled in the Bundesliga for Borussia Dortmund this season. Liverpool are interested in the Italian striker and have made contact with Dortmund's sporting director Michael Zorc. Real Madrid are also interested in Dortmund's Marco Reus and Mats Hummels. Arsenal have also considered reviving interest in Monaco's Geoffrey Kondogbia. Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan. Manchester City are considering the merits of QPR goalkeeper Alex McCarthy.
Andrea Dossena was arrested at Harrods in Knightsbridge on April 7. The 33-year-old will face no further action after being interviewed by police. The Italian and a woman, 31, also held at the scene, were released after being questioned.
Julian Weigl is a highly-rated 19-year-old midfielder for 1860 Munich. The German starlet has a buy-out clause of £2.5million and is attracting interest from Tottenham. Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested in a deal for Weigl.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Manchester United this summer. PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker. Cavani scored twice in the French League Cup final against Bastia on Saturday. The Uruguayan joined PSG in a £50million deal from Napoli in 2013.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag. The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes. The former Manchester United manager has been associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. Ferguson made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund on Thursday.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal. Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque named Angel. The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Father-of-two Paul Doyle, 56, moved his family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire. Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife Jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive. But his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets.
Referee Craig Charleston missed Josh Meekings handball in Scottish Cup semi-final. PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart believes the rules have gone too far. He believes the authority of referees is now being undermined for matters it shouldn't be.
Chris Ramsey believes he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road. West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer. Ramsey believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings handled Leigh Griffiths goal-bound header but none of the officials saw it. Virgil van Dijk believes the officials who created the mess and then closed ranks to insist they simply hadn't seen it.
Jonas Gutierrez and John Carver had a bust-up on the training ground last week. The pair were involved in a disagreement and Gutierrez was left out of the squad. Carver says that he and Gutierrez have shaken hands 'like two grown men' and moved on.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to Queens Park Rangers. Ramsey was handed the manager's job until the end of the season after stepping up from youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February. The 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game, with aspirations of getting the full-time job. Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa in the summer.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished 16th and 21st in the session at the Bahrain International Circuit.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The Filipino says he will have to be a 'warrior in the ring' to beat the undefeated American. He says it is time for Mayweather to lose and he will be the man to inflict defeat.
Trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. Eventually the car jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road. The footage was posted on Shropshire-based Facebook user Mark Hazell's account and was viewed 2million times in less than 48 hours.
Gloucester face Edinburgh in the Challenge Cup final next month. Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad. Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie at Kingsholm.
Justin Rose was joint runner-up with Phil Mickelson at the Masters. The Englishman pushed Jordan Speith all the way on the final day and earned himself a hefty pay-day. Rose is already looking ahead to his next outing on the PGA Tour. He was pictured using his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor simulator.
Belardo looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent at Newmarket on May 2. Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo after the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Benvolio will not ride in this afternoon's Coral Scottish National at Ayr. McCoy finished fifth on favourite Shutthefrontdoor in last Saturday’s Grand National. McCoy will retire next week, but will ride at Sandown next weekend.
Nico Rosberg got the better of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain second practice. Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit, leaving him in second. Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place. Sebastian Vettel had issues throughout the day, eventually finishing in fourth place.
Aaron Cruden is almost certain to miss the World Cup after scans revealed the need for knee surgery. The 26-year-old Waikato Chiefs fly-half has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for at least six weeks. Cruden has started 15 Tests for New Zealand in the last two years.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday. Muhaarar won the AON Greenham Stakes and Ayaar won The Be Wiser Insurance Spring Cup. He is no longer champion jockey material but he does look to have significant better chances of good rides in quality races.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first Test against New Zealand in Abu Dhabi and then failing an initial test on its legality. The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand. He is now free to resume bowling in international cricket after testing in Chennai.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack. Moeen Ali is a good spinner, even though he looked rusty after being recalled for Grenada. Mark Wood seems to have that different trajectory which should suit overseas pitches.
Steven Finn believes he's regained his best form and is ready to push for an England place. Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time working on his run-up. The 26-year-old admits he's 'had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months' but he's got his 'head straight'
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing. First the Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels. All in a day’s work for a gifted cricketer who looks destined to endure as many lows as he does highs.
Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire. The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12. Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began in Yorkshire.
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second Test in Grenada. James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over. Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind after replays clearly showed the ball had missed his outside edge.
Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield on Sunday. The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line. John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over Robert Milkins in his first-round clash.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100. LeBron James chipped in with 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best-of-seven series. Chris Paul scored 32 points as Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92. Blake Griffin added 26 points and 12 rebounds for the Clippers in their 102-97 win. Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92 in Game 1.
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal since December 20. James Ward-Prowse converted a penalty after coming on as a half-time sub to put Southampton in front.
Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since he left Crystal Palace. James Morrison opened the scoring for West Brom after a corner from Chris Brunt. Craig Gardner scored a fine long range effort for the Baggies in the second half.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for Tonny Vilhena in January. The Saints are also monitoring his team-mate, the £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie. Koeman is also looking to make Eljero Elia's loan move from Werder Bremen permanent.
Leighton Baines is a big music lover and regularly attends gigs. The Everton defender is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys front-man Alex Turner. Baines admits that he doesn't know any of One Direction's songs despite their global success. He also reveals that he is not a fan of Meghan Trainor's song 'All About the Bass'
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen this season. Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo well from his time at Chelsea.
Stoke City came from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Mame Biram Diouf and Charlie Adam scored in the second half to secure all three points for Mark Hughes' side. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' Delilah is causing his side to be marked down in UEFA’s Fair Play League because of its violent theme.
Jack Grealish is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England. Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood wants the 19-year-old to focus on his club career. Grealis impressed against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final win at Wembley on Sunday. He is now at the centre of a tug of war between England and Ireland.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Ibrox. McCall was appointed Rangers manager in March until the summer as a replacement for Kenny McDowall. Former Motherwell boss played under Smith for seven seasons, winning six titles in the process.
Brendan Rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in Accrington, Lancashire to rot. He and co-owner Judith O'Hagan were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish. But they were found guilty of failing to comply with an improvement notice. Both Rodgers and O’Hagan, who bought the property in 2007, were absent when found guilty at Blackburn Magistrates' Court.
Andres Iniesta played a key role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain. The Spaniard set up Neymar for the opening goal at the Camp Nou on Tuesday night. The 30-year-old is yet to score or create a goal for Barcelona this season. Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol in the Catalan derby on Saturday.
Tony Pulis led West Brom to a 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace on Saturday. James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies in the second half. Alan Pardew's side have now lost five of their last 10 away games in all competitions.
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading on Saturday. The 6ft 6in German had just a minor ankle sprain when a more serious injury was feared. Gunners captain will be replaced at centre-back by Gabriel Paulista on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Clayton Donaldson scored a late headed winner for Birmingham City. Reading lost 1-0 to Birmingham in a scrappy Sky Bet Championship game at the Madejski Stadium. Clayton Donaldson headed in his 16th goal of the season for Birmingham.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training to be assessed by Tim Sherwood. The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest and scored a stunning free-kick against Watford.
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa's side for the FA Cup final against Arsenal. Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the semi-final of the competition at Wembley. Brad Guzan lost out to Given for the Liverpool clash and is set to lose out again for the final.
Blackpool were relegated to League One on Monday after Rotherham's victory over Brighton. Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family. Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner before the directors' box windows were targeted with eggs. A flare, a smoke bomb and fireworks were thrown into the cordoned-off area.
Ronaldo says he would love to play alongside his namesake Cristiano Ronaldo. The 38-year-old ended his playing career in 2011 but is now co-owning Fort Lauderdale Strikers. Ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play with.
Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading. The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give the 27-year-old. Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
Benik Afobe salvages 1-1 draw for Wolves against play-off rivals Ipswich at Molineux. Wolves striker Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to keep his side in the play-offs hunt. Wolves keeper Bartosz Bialkowski made a number of good saves in the first half.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night. Lee Clark admits Blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after relegation. Blackpool are the first side in the Football League to be demoted following Rotherham's win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season. Micky Adams left his role with Tranmere, who are bottom of the Football League, on Sunday. Malky Mackay became the 17th Championship manager to go this season earlier in April. Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving boss with 18 years at Arsenal.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Andres Iniesta had to be substituted after a clash with PSG's Javier Pastore. Tests on Thursday confirmed Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis.
Groups of football fans are responsible for thuggish behaviour on trains on a weekly basis, a senior police officer has said. The warning by British Transport Police (BTP) Chief Constable Paul Crowther came ahead of a summit.
Massimo Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January. The 22-year-old has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season. Tim Sherwood wants to make Luongo one of his first summer signings.
Kevin Pietersen was taken off the field during Surrey's match against Oxford MCCU. The batsman was fielding at leg slip when he was hit on the hand by the ball. The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Tim Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday. Six-year-old fan Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa job when Paul Lambert was sacked. The youngster wanted a signed claret and blue football, a WWE wrestling figure and sweets.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the first half at Anfield. The 20-year-old scored the only goal of the game in the 71st minute to make it 2-0.
Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball against Monaco on Wednesday night. The 30-year-old centre-half was shown a yellow card after slipping on the turf in the first minute of the Champions League quarter-final second-leg. Juventus won the tie on aggregate, having led from the first-leg 1-0 through Arturo Vidal's penalty.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a return to the Premier League with Manchester United and Chelsea. Former Wales boss Mark Hughes has urged the Welshman to stay at Real Madrid. Hughes believes that Bale has the advantage of having a good family support unit in Spain.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys. Atletico Madrid were beaten 1-0 by Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa. Striker missed Monday's 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip. Sturridge hasn't been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche. The 26-year-old is a free agent after leaving MLS side New York Red Bulls.
Inter owner Erick Thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the 'eyes of the world' would be fixed on the 214th Derby della Madonnina. A goalless first half produced the odd burst of quality, but little intensity.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch Eredivisie title. Luuk de Jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control. Memphis Depay took his tally to 20 for the season with a stunning free kick.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday. Sebastian Rode and Andreas Beck scored. Bayer Leverkusen beat Hanover 96 4-0.
Emad Sahabi suffered a broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah against Al Shoalah. Midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball. He tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate.
John Terry's challenge on Radamel Falcao led to Eden Hazard's opening goal for Chelsea. The Chelsea captain's challenge sent the Manchester United striker hurtling to the ground. Cesc Fabregas picked up the loose ball and released it to Oscar for the opening goal. Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree Terry should have been sent off.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa were on target as Dortmund returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory against relegation-threatened Paderborn. The win came three days after manager Jurgen Klopp announced he will quit the club in the summer.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures. The table is compiled by Football Association delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials. Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in their Champions League quarter-final. Franz Beckenbauer was speaking in New York to mark the club's new media agreement with MSN.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool on a one-year deal at the start of the season. The 24-year-old has not featured for the Seasiders since the end of November. Ranger has been AWOL since early in December and says the club took the mick out of him.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the winner in the 38th minute. Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini.
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday in the Premier League. The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row - including a 3-1 home defeat by Tottenham. Newcastle sit seven points clear of relegation with five games remaining.
FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants to see the World Cup rotated between nations. Prince Ali is standing against current president Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. The flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen - but now they use their'male anthers' to spread their pollen.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday. The photo has been organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar. There have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar. The decision to award the World Cup to Qatar has been controversial.
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane both up for PFA Player of the Year award. Tottenham's Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions so far this season. Alexis Sanchez, David de Gea, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling also up for award.
Amal Clooney's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September. From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos, the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie on Wednesday night. Thiago opened the scoring for Bayern Munich in the 28th minute with a close range header. Jackson Martinez doubled the hosts' advantage in the 64th minute to make it 3-0. Porto will now be hoping to progress to the semi-finals of the competition.
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week to Blackpool and the Oyston family, who run the Fylde coast club, over allegations he made on his social network account last year. In that statement, addressed to the 34 Facebook friends he had at that time, Knight said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the Sky Bet Championship club. Blackpool became the first Football League side to be relegated when their demotion into the third tier was confirmed on Easter Monday.
Harry Kane and Eden Hazard lead the nominations for Young Player of the Year. Thibaut Courtois, David de Gea and Raheem Sterling complete the shortlist. The winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time to give Arsenal a 2-1 victory and a place in the FA Cup final. Sanchez had swept the Gunners into the lead on 39 minutes, but Garath McCleary's volley was deflected past Wojciech Szczesny.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (12.45pm) on Saturday. Southampton host Hull City (3pm) at St Mary's Stadium on Sunday. Liverpool host Newcastle United (8pm) in the Premier League on Monday.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)Kyle Walker, Hugo Lloris and Jan Vertonghen are all out injured for Mauricio Pochettino's side. Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are also out for Villa. Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is again set to be without a key trio for his first return to Tottenham.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor faced off in the 1985 World Snooker final. Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record, but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events.
Mauricio Pochettino insists Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane. Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon in the Barclays Premier League. Spurs are currently sixth in the table, seven points off the Champions League qualification places. Aston Villa travel to London on the back of a thrilling 3-3 draw against QPR on Tuesday.
England set West Indies a target of 438 to win the first Test in Antigua. Alastair Cook and Gary Ballance put on a solid partnership for England on day four. Joe Root and Jos Buttler also impressed for Peter Moores' side. West Indies are still 340 short of their own world record successful Test chase.
ISIS has released a new propaganda video titled 'We Will Burn America'It claims there is 'no safety for any American on the globe' and claims the U.S. will burn in another 9/11-style attack. The 11 minute-long video also includes footage of the terror attacks and ISIS-inspired atrocities. It claims America 'thinks it's safe' because of it's geographical location. It goes on to state that for this reason, it believes it can invade 'the Muslim lands'
Tim Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane on Saturday. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade Sherwood to stay on at the club. Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino, ending the 46-year-old’s five-month stay in charge.
John Goodwin, 75, of Atkinson, New Hampshire, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Atkinson repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old. Goodwin's lawyer acknowledged his client was 'touchy-feely,' but he didn't commit a crime. Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida. Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center. The nearest houses are about half a mile away from the site, and officials from the sheriff's office said the bodies would be surrounded by a seven-foot fence. Residents of Lithia are still reluctant to support the project, fearing that unwanted animals might happen upon the site.
Diovani de Jesus posted the photo on Earth Day as a reminder that we can all co-exist.
Jiang Min says she has run out of cash and can't afford even food for baby Mengyu and her older daughter. Her husband left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was heading to Binzhou City to find work. He has not been heard from since and the family are now in poverty.
Daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind in Loraine, Texas. He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday. Landspouts are the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm.
Pablo Mandado and Ilze Zebolde have no plans, no agenda, no cause to fight for and they are certainly in no hurry - the couple simply has a dream to ‘discover different parts of this planet a pedal at a time’In 356 days so far they’ve covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) and been through 16 countries.
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88m. Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place in the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List. Andy Murray is now fourth on the list with wealth put at £48m, £2m behind Rio Ferdinand.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left'The clip shows glamorous pop star, one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. She lives in a mansion in the town of Nueva Italia and has three pet tigers. The stunning singer only recently admitted her father was the feared drug boss who has been responsible for countless deaths.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew their feud but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated. West Indies ended day four on 202 for two, a lead of 37, with Kraigg Brathwaite unbeaten on 101. Joe Root was left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting on the fourth morning.
Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order at Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers wants to sign a striker who can 'play at a top level every week'Sturridge has played just 12 league games for the Reds this season.
Ryan Giggs has been Louis van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer. Van Gaal believes Giggs would be the natural choice to succeed him when he departs. Giggs made a record 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career.
Britt McHenry, 28, left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia. When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status. But despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, used to weigh 34st and was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes on the internet. His old diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola.
Stephanie Diaz, an employee at a FroYo store in Delmar, St.Louis, threw a bowl of frozen yogurt in the face of Andrew Caldwell on Wednesday. Caldwell claims Diaz attacked him because she disagreed with his ideals about being 'cured'Diaz, who is openly gay, admits to throwing the yogurt at Caldwell, but said he is lying about his story. Caldwell says he is considering suing Diaz and FroYo.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke. Johnson could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty.
Extra Storage Space has already been viewed almost 600,000 times.
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5m deal for Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan. Louis van Gaal believes the 24-year-old is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick. Van Gaal has been hugely impressed with Carrick's contribution at Old Trafford this season.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden in New York on Friday. The Ukrainian superstar will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years. The 39-year-old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won Olympic gold in 1996.
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay at Old Trafford. There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain to join Real Madrid. Louis van Gaal admitted that the club have made De Gea a huge offer to persuade him to stay.
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey at Sandown on Saturday. McCoy's penultimate race comes on Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15. His last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up.
Isco joined Real Madrid from Malaga in the summer of 2013. The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City, and chose the Spanish giants. Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini worked with Isco at Malaga.
Red Mazda careered off road up someone's drive and crashed straight into front door. It hit the property with such force it became stuck in the wall but no-one was seriously injured.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012. Arsene Wenger pulled out of a deal to sign the Belgium star from Ligue 1 side Lille. The Arsenal boss insists he has no regrets over his decision to pull out of the deal. Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season ahead of Alexis Sanchez.
Jose Mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his press conference on Friday. He was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him during the title race and their clash last season. Mourinho praised the 'top question' before composing himself and giving an equally ambiguous answer.
West Ham beat Manchester City Under 21s 2-1 at Upton Park on Friday. Dan Potts and Adam Drury's own goal gave West Ham the lead. Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough. Manchester City face Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Jesse O'Brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis. Video was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage the brave youngster to take the drugs. Jesse, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness. 'I've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' he says in the video.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men do just two hours of housework a day. This increases to 3.9 after they retire - but it is still far less than their stay-at-home wives. Chores included doing the laundry and the washing up, as well as running errands.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Bayern Munich boss admits he must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi. Barcelona are playing their best football since Guardiola left the Nou Camp in 2012.
William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match in 1823, in an action said to be the beginning of the modern game of rugby. Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy. Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its rich history of'muscular Christianity' led by its most famous headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the semi-finals of the Champions League. Pep Guardiola is to return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final, with the first legs on May 5/6. The draw was made at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday.
Emmanuel Adebayor could be allowed to leave Tottenham on a free transfer. The Togolese striker is currently on a £100,000-a-week contract at White Hart Lane. Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages.
Arsenal lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Jose Mourinho hit back at Arsene Wenger during his pre-match press conference on Friday. Mourinho said it was 'not easy, not easy,’ to set up a team designed to defend.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season. The 23-year-old is looking forward to facing Nemanja Matic on Sunday at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal are 10 points clear of Chelsea at the top of the Premier League table.
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place at the Crucible. The 24-year-old Scot beat Selby in the first round of the Betfred World Championships. McGill beat Stephen Maguire 10-9 in the opening round, finishing with a century. Former Crucible semi-finalist Alan McManus has tipped McGill for greatness.
Joe Root hit 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada. West Indies finished day four 37 runs ahead on 202 for two at stumps. Root admitted that the pitch was too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Rafael Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro, while Fiorentina face Sevilla. The Europa League semi-final draw was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon. Ties will be played on May 7 and 14.
Bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with five-try victory over London Irish at the Rec. Sam Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award. Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni also scored tries for Bath.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face-off on May 1, 24 hours before their mega-fight in Las Vegas. The MGM Resorts Box Office was said to be overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan Ryan O'Hara tweeting: 'Spoke with @MGMGrand phone line was overwhelmed for #MayweatherPacquiao weigh-tickets, it crashed.. #boxing'One lucky English fan managed to snare a ticket for $7,924 (£5,265) and tweeted his booking confirmation on Thursday night.
Joe Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket by James Anderson. The England batsman scored 182 runs on day four of the second Test in Grenada. Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder. Root threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless mistake.
Joe Root's 182 not out took him past 2,000 runs in Tests. Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker to reach the milestone. Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series. Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace plan to fly straight from Barbados to Dublin.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool in a £10million deal from Lille in January. The Belgium striker was loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season. Origi said the progress of Liverpool's youngsters has heightened his excitement at joining the club.
Paula Radcliffe will run the 35th London Marathon on Sunday. Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25. The former World Champion says she knows she got the best out of her career.
Shaun Andrew McKerry tried to rob a post office in Shildon, County Durham. The 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty. But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor. As the men wrestled, the shopkeeper's wife Sam helped by hitting McKerry with a baseball bat. She struck him twice, helping to disarm him while her husband twisted him around.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating. Bolt said he felt 'let down' by the American sprinter, and is not looking forward to competing against him. Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign. Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure at Liverpool.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win. Derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat Millwall and Ipswich beat Brentford. Barnet (home to Gateshead) will be promoted as champions in the Conference.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the semi-finals of the Champions League. Juventus face holders Real Madrid in the other semi-final.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven XI on The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports. West Ham United's on-loan Barcelona midfielder has picked a mixture of talent in his squad. Song believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League.
Steven Davis believes Southampton have an advantage over Tottenham. Mauricio Pochettino last season led Saints to their best ever Premier League points tally. Tottenham are the only current Premier League side Southampton have failed to beat since their Premier League return in 2012.
Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011. The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend. The Spaniard joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play. The Magpies are currently seven points off the relegation zone in the Premier League. John Carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management. Owen captained Newcastle when they were relegated to the Championship in 2009.
Marouane Fellaini was told by a hotel doorman that he was not playing at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho had planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Manchester United star. But he feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing when the doorman told him the Belgian wasn't playing.
Rotherham have been deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday. The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly. Rotherham are now just one point above the relegation zone with two games left.
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt went out for dinner on Saturday. Former Manchester United team-mates went out to a restaurant with their respective partners. Ex-United striker Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he was in 'great company' with 'great team mates'Giggs, Neville, Scholes and Butt all represented United during Sir Alex Ferguson's greatest season at Old Trafford.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year at The Football League Awards. The 21-year-old beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney to the award. Dele Alli, on loan at MK Dons from Tottenham, picked up the Young Player of Year award. Preston North End's Joe Garner earned the League One award, while Danny Mayor of Bury topped the list in League Two.
Australia face England and Wales in Pool A at the World Cup in September. Michael Cheika is aware that his pack is being written off for the tournament. Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau is set to feature for the Wallabies at the showpiece tournament.
Wayne Rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover. Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal for Jose Mourinho's side at Stamford Bridge.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer. The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season. PSV technical director Marcel Brands confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank fans for their messages of support. Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium on Wednesday. The 19-year-old said: 'Thanks for the messages!!! UTV (Up The Villa)'
Paris Saint-Germain face Nice in Ligue 1 on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta are all out injured for the trip to the Mediterranean coast. David Luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem, but is set to start.
Floyd Mayweather adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection of sports cars. The 38-year-old posted a video of the car on his Instagram page showing it at various angles. Mayweather goes head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in the most anticipated fight in years.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final in Turin. Arturo Vital scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot. Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II. Juventus face Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid in the final on June 6.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week. The Toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute. Jordan Rhodes doubled Blackburn's lead in the dying minutes of added time. Millwall are four points adrift of safety with two games remaining.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400m in his career. The undefeated boxer has amassed a vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery. Mayweather has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years, including 16 Rolls-Royces. Reports in America last year suggested Mayweather spent $500,000 on jewellery, including rings and watches.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $70,790 (£47,000) on the secondary market. One lucky English fan managed to snare a ticket for $7,924 (£5,265) and tweeted his booking confirmation on Thursday night.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu. Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs to put Real Madrid into the semi-finals of Europe's elite competition. Arda Turan was sent off in the 75th minute for what looked like a harsh second yellow card for a challenge on Sergio Ramos. Cristiano Ronaldo made a jinking, purposeful run into the penalty area before executing the all-important pass.
Dietmar Hamann thinks Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich at the end of the season. World Cup winner was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday. Hamann also expressed his doubts over whether injured winger Franck Ribery would fit seamlessly back into the side.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday. United are hoping to tie up a move for the PSV Eindhoven winger. Louis van Gaal was tempted to sign Depay last summer but decided not to make a move. PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great'
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend. The 21-year-old declined to shake hands with her opponent Alexandra Dulgheru. The Canadian star has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Ashley Young has revealed the secret of his team-mates' changing room playlist. Manchester United winger is known for being the resident DJ at Old Trafford. But he admitted to being under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play only house and funky house music. Young met Olly Murs after training to star as a guest on MUTV show Thursday Focus.
Patrick Bamford, Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney voted Championship player of the year. Dele Alli, Joe Garner and Danny Mayor voted Young Player of the Year in League One.
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season. The Barcelona trio have a possible 11 games left to their season. They will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto’o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his Bayern Munich team. Real Madrid will face Juventus, with the Italian champions playing at home first. Napoli will play Dnipro and Sevilla will face Fiorentina.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. The Mexican is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs including West Ham and Swansea. The 26-year-old will return to Manchester United at the end of the season.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Muhammad Ali v Joe Frazier, also known as the Thrilla in Manila, was the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history. Ali-Frazier was five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. It is the fourth in a series of 12 fights that have shaped boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century'Fast-talking Ali labelled Frazier an 'Uncle Tom' due to the support he got from white conservatives.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria. Louis, who had been tactically out-thought in their first fight so decided to go for broke from the first bell.
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30. Tim Sherwood's Villa won the coin toss ahead of the final, which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip. They picked their claret and blue home kit for the Wembley showpiece. Arsenal have won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in the Premier League. Blues boss Jose Mourinho has never lost to Arsene Wenger's side in 12 previous meetings. Diego Costa is a doubt for the game due to a hamstring injury. Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Jose Mourinho's side. Eden Hazard is in line to be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend.
Hull City currently lie in 17th place in the Premier League table. Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut by up to 50 per cent if they don't beat the drop. Hull have the third lowest wage bill in the league, with only Leicester and Burnley paying less overall.
Manchester United travel to Everton on Sunday in the Premier League. Marouane Fellaini will return to Goodison Park for the first time since his £27million move from Everton. Louis van Gaal has revealed that he has spoken to the Belgium international about keeping his cool on his return to Merseyside.
Marseille will listen to offers for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. Tottenham have been encouraged to bid for the France Under 21 international.
Queens Park Rangers host West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday. Chris Ramsey's side are four points clear of the relegation zone with four games left. Newcastle, Aston Villa, Leicester, Sunderland and Hull are also battling relegation.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed. Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring, ahead of their $300m mega-fight on May 2. Mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as AT&T and Corona have sponsored his fights.
Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for final game of season at Carlisle. Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up'Marley was a multi-million-selling Jamaican reggae artist famed for his dreadlocked look. Hartlepool have a history of fancy dress, travelling as the Smurfs to Charlton in 2012.
Raheem Sterling says he has not been affected by the criticism levelled at him for his contract stand-off with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been abused, even by his own fans, over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week. Sterling is wanted by all the Premier League's top clubs, as well as Real Madrid and Juventus.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920. Darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around. Rovers face Barnet on Saturday in the battle for the Conference title. If they go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano is wanted by Manchester United and Arsenal. The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window only for him to opt to stay in France for a few more months.
Rafael Benitez took Napoli into the Europa League semi-final with a 6-3 aggregate win over Wolfsburg on Thursday. He has reached the last eight of the competition in only 12 seasons as a manager. The Spaniard guided Liverpool to the Champions League final in 2007, beating AC Milan 2-1. He was sacked as Liverpool manager at the end of the 2010 season and replaced by Roy Hodgson. Napoli are currently fourth in Serie A, five points behind leaders Juventus.
Chelsea are set to take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June. Jose Mourinho's side could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2. Blues are expected to arrive in Australia as top-flight champions and the 83,000-seater arena would almost certainly sell out. Tottenham play on May 28 and a week before England's friendly away in Ireland.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley on Friday night. Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for Leeds on the losing side against Sheffield Eagles in 1997. The Rhinos were already trailing 20-4 when Sinfield entered the action five minutes into the second half.
In the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois. A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl. Several punches were thrown and Kansas City's Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were ejected.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. The Mexican scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. He will return to Old Trafford at the end of the season and could be available for around £7million.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night. Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
Premier League and Football League will observe a minute’s silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze. The inferno ripped through Valley Parade on May 11, 1985 during the first half of a game against Lincoln City.
Sydney-bound winger Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick. Burgess scored three of the Warriors' seven tries in a 40-22 victory at the Rapid Solicitors Stadium. It was a ninth successive defeat for the Wildcats, who remain rooted to the foot of the table.
Quade Cooper will join Toulon on a two-year deal this summer. The 27-year-old will link up with former Wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau. Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt at World Cup.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley. Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes, pulling him into a five-way tie for third.
Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven XI on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. The former Chelsea winger picked Petr Cech to start in between the sticks for his Fantasy XI. Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry, who played alongside Maloudba for the France national team, start in attack.
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time since 2003. Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty in a 0-0 draw against AC Milan. Juventus have endured a tough few years but are now back among the elite of Europe. The Italian champions were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's matchfixing scandal but soon rose back up.
'Love Call' notices are posted on George Street at Australia Square in Sydney's CBD. The 'tall, charming gentleman' was in the area about '7:10 pm-ish' on Tuesday.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm, according to Victoria Police. She was described as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair. Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one. Toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for City in the manner seen in previous seasons. The Ivorian has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. These range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord. The Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports. Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were 'extremely worrying'
Ventus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity. While clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team. They also compared runners who were competing NCAA's Division 1, Division 2 and Division 3. They found that men were far more competitive at all levels than female runners. The study could have implications for other areas outside sport, such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone. Material would make the next iPhone 60 per cent harder than the iPhone 6, Taiwan-based Economic Daily News reported. The metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter. The handset could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles.
Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal, averaging one every 78 minutes. The Ivorian striker has scored 13 goals in 14 games against Arsene Wenger's side. He has returned to haunt Arsenal with Galatasaray, scoring another brace in the Emirates Cup.
Several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of West Pittston in Luzerne County on Monday morning. Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)The FAA said it is 'physically impossible' for a pilot to dump a tank while in flight.
David Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies, who were on their way to a win against the Highlanders at Canberra Stadium on Friday night. Media personality Miranda Devine tweeted: 'Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' Pocock responded to Devine, saying it was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping. Ms Devine quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. Freediving is a form of underwater diving where no scuba gear or breathing apparatus is used. Some free divers can hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset. It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water. The video is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced to land in the Hudson River.
Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming Thailand's picturesque coastline, religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone. He filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand, during a solo trip to visit family. The six-minute video contains breathtaking sights that show why Thailand is a favourite destination for tourists.
Mark Zuckerberg predicts that the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments. The social media giant recently purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year. Zuckerberg also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage. For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change. It is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000)
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. He begins skiing off to the right before making a controlled turn and heading back across the mountain. Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Sweden’s passport has been named the most powerful in the world. But it is also one of the most highly sought-after travel documents on the black market. There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to rightful holder. Findings are contained in a new GoEuro infographic which ranks the world's most powerful passports.
England's withdrawal from the Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke. England's desire to have more varied opposition for their Under 16 players is not going down well in Wales. The ECB are running out of time to clinch a terrestrial highlights deal for the T20 Blast.
Match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help it revolutionise the British dating scene. The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris. The chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer.
Leaked footage shows a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a GoPro camera. Unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from'stiction in the biprop throttle valve, resulting in control system phase lag'This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasn't moving fast enough. As a result, the actions from rocket's computers couldn't be acted upon in time to correct the tilt of the booster.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has confirmed the 27-year-old remains available for selection. Johnson is due to appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20 - the same day Sunderland face Arsenal.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid’s dramatic Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. The Spanish centre-back has shown character to bounce back from his errors, as his penalty for Spain in 2012 showed. His supporters believe he stands for a dignity that many feel is disappearing from the game.
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea joins in the summer. The 33-year-old has been at the Bernabeu since breaking into the team as a teenager in 1996. Manchester United No 1 De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland. Real Madrid have reached the semi-finals of the Champions League.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest CV blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes. The survey also revealed that employers prefer a professional quality to a CV.
Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady'She became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home. She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine. The Chelsea star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control. Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen. Her parents Scott and Julie Haise are posting videos of Audrey dancing at Zumba class to raise money for DBA. Audrey's most popular video sees her dancing to Bruno Mars' hit Uptown Funk.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg. Three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart was on the podium to conduct post-race interviews. Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie. Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
Katie Hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused her marriage to Josh Hamilton to end. Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged. The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA. Hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision, according to court records.
The injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide. He has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
Mick Schumacher made his Formula 4 pre-season test debut with Van Amersfoort on Wednesday. The 16-year-old is the son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael. Mick will be looking to follow in the footsteps of father Michael in the future.
Texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday. Cars were left floating in Harris County in half a foot of rain water.
Nico Rosberg finished third in Bahrain Grand Prix behind Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to his best in Sunday's race. Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the battle for the title.
A 66-year-old man has been charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. The man reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. He will face Brisbane Magistrate's Court on the morning of Saturday's 100th Anzac Day commemoration service.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2. The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight.
The young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. Simon Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travelled to the cub’s location in his car. He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position. Mr Cowell manages to distract the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at the club’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month. The nine-year-old is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest ever egg. She keeps seven hens at her family home in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, but she is not sure which laid the tiny egg. Shannon believes that her egg, which measures just 1.8cm in length, is 3mm smaller than the current record.
Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button have been taking advantage of the current Formula One break. Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the Bahrain Grand Prix. Button is training for the London Marathon and went for a run with his wife Jessica Michibata.
Ball's Pyramid is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand. Jeb Corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight. The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs, ridges and mountains at high speed.
James Wilson says he would take Wayne Rooney's ability to take free-kicks. The 19-year-old says Rooney practices his free kicks every day, and often hits the target. Wilson would like to harness Radamel Falcao's predatory instincts in the 18-yard box.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix for Mercedes on Sunday. The Brit has won nine of the last 11 grands prix and is 27 points clear in the drivers' standings. The 30-year-old has now set a personal record run of 11 consecutive points finishes in the points.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Nasser Hussain hopes whoever is appointed is close to the modern game and ahead of the curve. Hussain believes there is still too much bad blood around for Kevin Pietersen to return.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. Sunderland winger has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20. If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term if found guilty. Sunderland are just a point above the relegation zone and travel to Stoke tomorrow.
Luis Suarez received a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup in Brazil. His wife Sofia has revealed that he told her he didn't bite the defender.
TalkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR. The former Villa striker let loose with his wild, and sometimes expletive laden, comments from the press box. Greg Dyke still faces a challenge to convince everyone over plans to change homegrown quota.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding. A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead - marking the heaviest rainfall the area has seen in 100 years. Four houses in the town were washed away in the raging murky storm waters while a horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at Madison Square Garden. Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' record of 19 successful defences.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The Sunderland winger will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award. The Chelsea playmaker has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances. Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be compared with Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
Mr Mole is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up for the Celebration Chase at Sandown. AP McCoy's horse will be ridden by Nico de Boinville in the absence of Barry Geraghty.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The Sunderland winger has been bailed to appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20. Sunderland will not suspend Johnson until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. The Ukrainian has made 17 successful title defenses in a row since 2006. Jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago and plans on starting a new reign.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament. The 35-year-old is hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned champions. Gayle posted an Instagram picture behind the DJ decks on Tuesday.
Manny Pacquiao took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2 to be interviewed at the show’s base at Universal Studios. Just that morning Pac-Man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his Los Angeles base, wearing trainers, shorts and a woolly hat for a road work session as the sun came up.
AP McCoy has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles. He has won 2 Cheltenham Gold Cups, 3 Champion Hurdles and the Grand National. McCoy has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his quest to be the best.
Zoumana Camara was dunked into his birthday cake by David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi. The duo conspired to dunk the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his special day. PSG face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday in the biggest game of the season so far.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme. The Manchester United striker admitted he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street. The full interview will be aired on ITV at 7pm on Saturday.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game. He has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012.
Ronda Rousey attended the premiere of Fast & Furious 7 in Los Angeles. The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event at the TCL Chinese Theatre. Rousey's MMA skills are used to full effect in the seventh film of the franchise.
Branislav Ivanovic could be targeted by Bayern Munich in the January transfer window. PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech this summer.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games for Manchester City this season. The 25-year-old has made just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013. Inter Milan will propose a loan deal with a view to a permanent £15million deal. City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal that sent Real Madrid through to the semi-finals of the Champions League against Atletico Madrid. But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to make the Manchester United star's loan permanent. United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on his contract. Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them.
Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama has been linked with a move to Arsenal. The 23-year-old moved to St Mary's from Celtic for £12.5million in 2013. The Saints enforcer claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger about a move.
Palermo's Paulo Dybala has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs in Europe. Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid are all interested. Juventus have offered £23million for the 21 year old.
Radamel Falcao is expected to leave Manchester United in the summer. Juventus have ruled out a move for the 29-year-old after claiming his wages are 'beyond their means'The Serie A champions have expressed an interest in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani.
Alan Pardew has been linked with a move for Tim Krul. Crystal Palace manager insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain. De Bruyne's agent Patrick de Koster admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the Belgium international. The 23-year-old has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season. The Welshman is out of Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has still bee criticised by supporters. Manchester United are desperate to make a signing that would install them as favourites to win the Premier League next season.
Chelsea defender Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or. The 20-year-old is hoping to emulate World Cup winner Marcel Desailly.
Arsenal must make a swift decision on Petr Cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper. The Chelsea stopper looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Arsene Wenger must be swift with a move for his top goalkeeping target.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City this summer. The 31-year-old is wanted by Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini. Toure says he will not stay at City just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages.
West Ham are showing interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances for the Eagles this season. West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances.
Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV Eindhoven this season. Manchester United have made an official approach for the 21-year-old, says PSV's technical director Marcel Brands. United boss Louis van Gaal is keen to make Depay one of his first signings this summer. Van Gaal worked with Depay during Holland's successful 2014 World Cup campaign.
Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez are all wanted by Manchester City. The club are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level. Frank Lampard and James Milner are both out of contract in the summer.
Manchester City are keeping tabs on Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid. Real Madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up.
Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future at Juventus. The 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his boyhood club Boca Juniors. Tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at Boca.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson has decided to leave the club at the end of the season. The 23-year-old activated a clause in his contract to leave Tynecastle. Wilson has not yet agreed terms with any club, but there is interest from England and abroad. Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus this summer. The 31-year-old has been linked with a move to his former club Boca Juniors in Argentina. Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady and still has a shot at European glory.
Edinson Cavani says there is 'too much talk' about his future at Paris Saint-Germain. Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward this summer. Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie are both expected to leave Old Trafford. Club owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi ruled out selling Cavani last week.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League. The PSV Eindhoven midfielder has scored 16 goals in all competitions for the Dutch giants this season. The 24-year-old says he has the ambition to play for a 'great club' in a major European league. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Juventus and Liverpool are monitoring developments with Chelsea midfielder Oscar. The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks. Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure. Oscar cost Chelsea £19.35m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23 year-old.
Carlos Tevez wants to leave Juventus this summer, according to reports in Italy. The striker has always said he wants to finish his career at Boca Juniors in Argentina. Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady and still has a shot at European glory.
Patrick Bamford is in talks with Chelsea over a new contract. The Chelsea youngster is currently on loan at Championship side Middlesbrough. The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion from the SkyBet Championship. Bamford currently earns £7,500 a week at Stamford Bridge.
Sheffield Wednesday are ready to offer new contracts to Tom Lees and Keiren Westwood. Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday night. The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday. The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week and passed a medical on Tuesday. Manchester City had hoped to tie up a deal after spotting the player at the World Under 17 Championships two years ago.
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea for treatment after injuring his hamstring against West Ham. The Nigeria international is expected to be out for six weeks with the injury. Stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent deal for Moses in the summer. The Potters have opened talks with Evian over the possible transfer of Daniel Wass.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer. The 25-year-old Ghana international is free to talk to foreign clubs. Swansea have made a contract offer to the forward. The Swans are also keeping tabs on Schalke's Christian Fuchs.
Arsenal are interested in signing Raheem Sterling from Liverpool. The 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield. But the Gunners are having second thoughts over their interest in the England international. Sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide.
Swansea City have expressed an interest in Schalke full back Christian Fuchs. The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League. Fuchs is vastly experienced and renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer. Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane has ruled out a move for the Welshman. Bale joined the Santiago Bernabeu outfit for a world record £86million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2013.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri. Manuel Pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following Sunday's 4-2 defeat by Manchester United. City board refuse to give up on their manager just yet.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet. Race was won by controversial figure Lutfur Rahman, 50, a controversial figure who has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Tottenham are in talks over a new contract for Nabil Bentaleb. The Algerian international's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
A time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south. At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo. Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her adjustable cot and a'safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain. West Sussex coroner Penelope Schofield issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot. She said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths. National Children's Trust has pulled the cot from sale and stopped all pending orders going out.
Rudy Gestede has revealed his desire to play in the Premier League next season. The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn this season. Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video.
Dapper Laughs, the controversial persona previously 'killed off' by disgraced comedian Daniel O'Reilly, has arrived Down Under – chatting up air hostesses and mocking airport cleaners along the way. The British star documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in a video posted online. He came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape'Last month he unveiled a pilot for a new TV sitcom idea on his YouTube channel.
A man was shot dead in New York City Wednesday night as he fled from the scene of an alleged crime. Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. A witness said they saw an officer running with their weapon drawn 'telling everyone to get out of the way'
Mauricio Pochettino will return to St Mary's on Saturday against Southampton. Tottenham manager decided to leave Southampton in order to take up the reins at White Hart Lane in the summer. The Argentine insists he has no desire to be popular among Saints fans.
Ronny Deila has called for referees to speak to the media after matches. The Celtic manager believes Scottish football would benefit from a more public disciplinary system. Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after ban was dismissed.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a big name to declare the club's intentions. The Eagles boss is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for 'between 40 and 60 million pounds'Pardew has guided Palace out of the relegation mire since his January arrival.
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 at the Stade Velodrome. Jordan Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac scored.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final against Falkirk on May 30. Inverness defender admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded against Celtic. SFA judicial panel decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment.
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer for a bigger club. The Dutchman says he would not be interested in managing Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid. Koeman's side only need a point to break their Premier League points tally set last season.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England. The West Ham defender is on loan at Aston Villa from Arsenal until the end of the season. Jenkinson was in the same predicament when he had to choose between Finland and England.
West Ham became the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices. Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move as the best business by any club in a long time. West Ham's cheapest adult season ticket will cost £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
Pittsburgh Steelers star Le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the season. Bell will also be fined a game cheque for abusing the league's substance abuse policy. Bell plans to appeal the decision, says ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch. The new 65,000 capacity stadium could be better suited to the NFL than the 90,000-seat Wembley. The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London. Tottenham say they are 'looking at options' in order to 'future-proof the design'
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving for Tottenham. The Argentine manager has been in charge at both clubs for 16 months each. He is preparing to return to St Mary's for the first time since he left in October.
New England Patriots host Pittsburgh Steelers in the opening game of the 2015 NFL season on September 10. Seattle Seahawks will play Green Bay Packers in a rematch of their NFC Championship Game from last season. Atlanta Falcons host Philadelphia Eagles and San Francisco 49ers on Monday Night Football.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty on Wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player. Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a deserted industrial park near Hernandez’s home. Hernandez's mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict. Hernandez later mouthed to them: 'Be strong. Be strong.'
Jimmy Graham has signed for the Seattle Seahawks from the New Orleans Saints. Michael Bennett labelled the tight end'soft' and 'overrated' after their playoff win over the Saints two years ago. 'I still feel the same way. Just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way,' Bennett said.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears. The two-time Pro Bowler has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. Tillman was a stalwart of Lovie Smith's defense during his 12 years.
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the National Football League. Domestic violence charges against Hardy, who signed with Dallas last month, were abruptly dropped in February after his accuser could not be found to testify. Hardy may appeal the NFL's decision within three days.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets. The 26-year-old is the 15th player to join the Jets in a frantic free agency.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season. The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year. She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso. McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent. McCoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles and still spoke of his surprise at the move.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. He and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend.
Adrian Peterson is to meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement. The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season. The 30-year-old was placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
Sarah Thomas is set to become the NFL's first full-time female official. The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
Efe Obada will fly to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. The 22-year-old played just five games for the London Warriors last season. He was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will bring the NFL Draft to London next month. A UK-based fan will announce their sixth and seventh round picks live on TV. The Jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2016.
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on points to win the WBC super-middleweight title. The 31-year-old Swede will now face mandatory challenger George Groves for the title. Danny Jacobs stopped Caleb Truax in the 12th round to successfully defend his WBA title.
Nicola Adams has pulled out of this weekend's English National Championships. The Olympic gold medallist has been forced to withdraw after a burglary at her home in Leeds. Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken during the break-in. Adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The bout is billed as 'The Fight of the Century' and is worth at least $180m and $120m. Joe Calzaghe believes there will be more pressure on Mayweather. The Welshman retired undefeated with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2. Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm. Mayweather Promotions chief executive Leonard Ellerbe says the number of fans looking to attend the official weigh-in is'something we've never seen before'
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey. Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York. Jacare Souza beat Chris Camozzi in the co-main event.
Lyoto Machida takes on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night. The 36-year-old is a former light-heavyweight champion in the division in which the limit is 205lb.
Luke Rockhold and Lyoto Machida face off in New Jersey on Saturday. Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort. Machida is also coming off the back of a victory, against CB Dollaway in Brazil.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds'McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo in July. Mayweather is currently in training for his $300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Ronda Rousey wants to 'find a way' to return to the WWE. The UFC champion made her WWE debut at Wrestlemania 31 with Fast and Furious 7 co-star The Rock. 'I need to find a way (to return), but I have a lot of stuff going on. I'm fighting August 1st,' she said.
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance. He was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz tonight at the O2 Arena in London. The Londoner suffered his first career loss to Alexander Gustafsson in August last year. He believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
Mirko 'Cro Crop' Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. Filipovic was beaten by a first-round head kick by Gonzaga at UFC 70 in 2007. Gonzaga said he does not consider the fight as a rematch because of the gap of eight years.
Conor McGregor says Jose Aldo doesn't want to be near him. The featherweight champion makes the eighth defence of his belt against McGregor in Las Vegas on July 11.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women at Augusta National. The world No 27 suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet at the Patriot Centre in Fairfax, Virginia. Mendes is No 1 ranked and Lamas is No 4 ranked in the featherweight division. The bout could potentially determine the next challenger to the title.
Justin Rose returns to action at Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week. Rose finished joint second with Phil Mickelson behind Jordan Spieth at Augusta National. The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana.
Conor McGregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against Jose Aldo on July 11. The 26-year-old Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest. McGregor claims Aldo lacks the same motivation as him.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in the first round at UFC Fight Night event in Fairfax, Virginia. Mendes returned to the Octagon on the back of a decision loss to Jose Aldo in 2014's 'Fight of the Year'Al Iaquinta beat Jorge Masvidal by split decision after 15 hard-fought minutes.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers. The 30-year-old has been dating Woods since 2013 and has become close with his children. Vonn says Woods' children Sam and Charlie are 'great kids' and that he is a 'great father'
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open at St Andrews in July. Three-time winner Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course. Watson will be joined by Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson in the Champion Golfers' Challenge on Wednesday, July 15.
Bubba Watson showed off an incredible baseball style trick shot while practicing in China. The 36-year-old flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it. The ball flew straight down the middle, much to the excitement of his friend behind the camera.
Jim Furyk beat Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head. The 2010 winner claimed a second title at Harbour Town after coming through a playoff against Kisner. The former US Open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat beat Li Hao-tong in a play-off to win Shenzhen International. The 25-year-old produced a brilliant finish to claim his second European Tour title.
Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the Shenzhen International in China. The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to overtake American Peter Uihlein. Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par.
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. The 22-year-old is currently ranked World No 520 as she looks to make her ascent up the table.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links. Jordan Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round to sit six under. Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with John Merrick, having followed his first-round 68 with a 66.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open. US Open champion Martin Kaymer, Luke Donald and Patrick Reed have all confirmed their participation in the tournament at Royal County Down. The tournament will feature five players who have been world number one and eight major champions.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in South Carolina. Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under after first round at Hilton Head.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish. The 25-year-old was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta.
Sara Errani beat Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in two hours and eight minutes on Wednesday. World No 9 is the second top seed to exit at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. Ana Ivanovic lost to Caroline Garcia for the third time this year on Tuesday.
Rafael Nadal lost to Fabio Fognini in the third round of the Barcelona Open. The world No 4 lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to the Italian in front of a home crowd. Nadal was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court. The Spaniard has just one title to his name since winning his 10th French Open last year.
Bubba Watson is four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International. The American had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit in joint 17th place. Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as Jordan Spieth won.
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters. The 21-year-old will play in the RBC Heritage Classic at Sea Pines Resort. Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach Barcelona Open third round. World No 4 is looking to win his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court. Nadal will play Fabio Fognini of Italy or Andrey Rublev on Thursday for a place in Friday's quarter-finals.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club, but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow. The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies, with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled Queen's members. Andy Murray, who has won the AEGON title three times, will lead the GB team in the match that takes place from July 17-19.
Marin Cilic lost to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic in the Barcelona Open. The 2014 U.S. Open champion is struggling for fitness and form after a shoulder injury. Santiago Giraldo beat Joao Sousa of Portugal to reach the third round.
Ana Ivanovic lost 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to France's Caroline Garcia in Stuttgart. World No 29 Garcia had already beaten Ivanovic two previous times this year. Russian Ekaterina Makarova beat the United States' Bethanie Mattek-Sands. Carla Suarez Navarro beat Russia's Evgeniya Rodina in her first round match.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 at the Porsche Grand Prix. Three-time champion had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by former British No 1 Tim Henman. The Chelsea manager described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura. Mourinho revealed that he felt like he was British when Andy Murray won Wimbledon two years ago.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday. World No 1 Williams beat the Italian to take her career record over her to 8-0.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round of the Barcelona Open. The other seeds to advance to the third round were Roberto Bautista-Agut and Tommy Robredo. Rafael Nadal's first match will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Agnieszka Radwanska and Martina Navratilova have parted ways. The pair had announced in December that they would work together. The 2012 Wimbledon runner-up was knocked out in the first round in Stuttgart this week.
Rafael Nadal faces Novak Djokovic in the French Open at Roland Garros in June. The Spaniard has won nine of the last 10 French Open titles, and a tenth overall.
Queen's Club will host the Davis Cup quarter final against France. Andy Murray has won three titles at the All England Club in Baron's Court. The match will be the biggest home tie in three decades for Great Britain.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix after an Energy Recovery System prevented him from making it to the start-line. Kimi Raikkonen secured a record seventh podium finish in Bahrain following his superb late salvo.
Jenson Button stopped on track in each of the practice sessions on Friday due to technical issues. The 35-year-old will start the Bahrain Grand Prix 20th and last. Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season.
Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix next season. Bernie Ecclestone has given Azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of its debut next season despite serious concerns over the country's human rights record. Human Rights Watch's 2015 report on Azerbaijan stated there had been 'a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record'Ecclestone maintains F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Open final. World No 1 is the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events.
Lewis Hamilton qualified on pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind the Briton. Hamilton has got pole position in every race this season and leads Rosberg by 17 points.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix from the back of the grid. The British driver broke down in qualifying and was forced to watch the race from the sidelines. Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was beaten to pole by Hamilton by four tenths of a second. Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg qualified second and third. Jenson Button's McLaren broke down with him having done one sector of one lap.
Kimi Raikkonen's contract expires at the end of the current Formula One season. Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has urged the Finn to improve his performances. The 35-year-old has finished fourth in the last two races in Malaysia and China.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with Kimi Raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high. The Finn finished second behind Lewis Hamilton at the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Nico Rosberg finished 0.115secs quicker than team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Friday practice. The Mercedes driver described Ferrari's pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying'Rosberg trails Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings ahead of Sunday's race.
Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes. He says that only small details need finalising, but until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay. That leaves the door ajar for Hamilton to team up with Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree. The Irish jockey suffered spinal concussion in a fall at the third-last of the race. It was the second time within a year that the rider had suffered a similar injury. Condon has been advised to retire after seeing a specialist on Wednesday.
Ride Like The Wind is one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday, May 2. Trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit, who landed three Group One races in 2014.
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault just three minutes into the first practice session on Friday. The 35-year-old was forced into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain International Circuit. Button finished in 19th place, sandwiched between Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi, with the best of his 19 laps almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs. The jockey was due to partner last year's Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree. McNamara says he is feeling 'great and optimistic' as he continues to recover from serious injuries.
McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts. There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase, in which he definitely partners Mr Mole, or the feature Bet365 Gold Cup.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday. McCoy is a huge Arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season.
Saracens host Northampton Saints at the AJ Bell Stadium on Saturday. Northampton were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont Auvergne. Harlequins full back Ugo Monye is hanging up his boots at the end of the season.
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season on a two-year deal. The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season. The 24-year-old joins Alan Solomons' side on a two-year deal. Allen has never lived outside of Ireland and admits he is a 'homebird'
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks despite being ineligible. The Aviva Premiership side lost 23-6 at the A J Bell Stadium on March 29. Gloucester face a Rugby Football Union hearing on Monday, April 27.
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award.
Davy McGregor suffered the ear injury while playing for Heriot's Racing Club against the Barbarians. The Irish hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight. McGregor is on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury. The Leicester Tigers centre has not featured for England since the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014. The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in time for England's pre-World Cup preparations.
England full back Mike Brown could miss the rest of the season with concussion. The 29-year-old was knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations against Italy in February. Brown has continued to suffer headaches and has been advised not to play. Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea has ruled Brown out of Saturday's match against Sale.
Mike Fitzgerald has helped the Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles. The 28-year-old will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road next season.
Matt Giteau has not played for Australia since the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand. The 32-year-old fly half missed out on selection for the 2011 New Zealand World Cup. Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad if they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England. England must name a 31-man World Cup squad by August 31.
Players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with Australian Rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas. Australian Rugby Union reacted to the flood of top players heading abroad on Wednesday with a groundbreaking policy shift which will allow experienced Wallabies playing at foreign clubs to be selected for test matches.
England lead West Indies by 74 runs at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada. Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top before Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root. The score of 373 for six was also down to some impressive batting from the top order.
England captain Alastair Cook is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test against the West Indies at the National Cricket Stadium in St George's, Grenada. Joe Root scored his sixth Test century for England and his first overseas. The Yorkshireman is the fifth England batsman to score six consecutive 50s in Test innings.
Marlon Samuels sent Ben Stokes on his way with a military-style salute. Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a Devendra Bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg. The gesture was seen as good 'banter' by Geoffrey Boycott.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson could miss the Test series in England with a broken finger.
Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 as England bowled West Indies out for 299. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott reached 74 without loss at stumps on day two. Broad backed Cook to hit a big hundred and put England in a winning position.
Aaron Finch had surgery on his left hamstring on Tuesday. The batsman sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League. The 28-year-old will be sidelined for up to three months.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer. Stuart Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from surgery while claiming three wickets for 19.
Zara Phillips was due to make her Kentucky Horse Park debut on High Kingdom. The Queen's granddaughter pulled out of the three-day event after High Kingdom suffered a cut leg. Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section of the eventing at London 2012. High Kingdom is entered for the Badminton Horse Trials, which begin on May 7.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday. Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as the Spurs took a 2-1 lead in the first-round series. Houston Rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with a 130-128 win over Dallas. Houston's James Harden and Dwight Howard set personal play-off bests in points and rebounds. Washington leads Toronto Raptors 3-0 with a 106-99 victory over the Raptors.
Alastair Cook's former team-mate Graeme Swann pointed out when the England captain's form took a turn for the worse. Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after much discussion on day one. Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada. Joe Root 'wasn't a massive fan' after the first time he faced James Anderson.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels were involved in a heated exchange on day one of the second Test in Grenada. West Indies toiled to 188-5 after being bowled out for 188 on the opening day of the match by Stuart Broad. Stokes had earlier twisted his hip on the outfield and had lengthy treatment on the pitch.
Movistar rider Valverde sprinted to victory ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini. Team Sky's Chris Froome fell in the closing 12km but fought on to finish the race.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship. The five-time world champion had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday. The 39-year-old could have faced a £250 fine for breach of dress code. But tournament officials decided there was no case of a dress code breach to answer.
Reanne Evans saw her 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion come to a shock end on Tuesday. The 29-year-old lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee, who went on to defeat England's Emma Bonney in the final.
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0. World No 1 Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting. Raymond van Barneveld beat Dave Chisnall 7-5. Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis.
Washington, Cleveland and Houston all earned 2-0 leads in their NBA first-round playoff series with victories on Tuesday. All five of the series that have played two games now stand at two-0, with the Wizards, Cavaliers and Rockets joining Monday's winners Chicago and Golden State with the early two-game buffer in the best-of-seven series. Washington's 117-106 victory at Toronto owed most to John Wall, who had 26 points and 17 assists, and Bradley Beal, who scored 28 points. Cleveland shook off a persistent Boston to win 99-91 at home, with LeBron James leading the way with 30 points and Kyrie Irving contributing 26.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship. The 25-year-old will now face Marco Fu in the next round on Thursday. Trump led Carrington 7-2 at the interval but Carrington closed the gap to three.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon on Sunday. The 41-year-old feared a degenerative injury to her foot would rule her out. Radcliffe turned to German doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt, who has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, Michael Owen and Usain Bolt.
Ding Jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black. Ding potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points but screwed back up the table to get position on the blue. The world No 3 realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 to take 2-0 lead in first-round series. Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as Bulls beat Bucks for second straight game. Klay Thompson scored 26 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 97-87.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime. Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation. Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 113-106 in double overtime. Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 103-95 to lead series 3-0.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation. Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe. Los Angeles Clippers' Chris Paul will captain Team World.
Neil Robertson beat Jamie Jones 10-2 in the first round of the World Championship. The 33-year-old believes he could have won a lot more if he had'sacrificed a little bit more'Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 to reach the second round.
Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal on Sunday. Arsene Wenger wants'respect' for his former player.
Gabriel Agbonlahor took to Instagram to show off his fight for full fitness. The 28-year-old posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer. Aston Villa face Manchester City on Saturday at the Etihad Stadium.
Chris Ramsey believes QPR will avoid relegation if they win three more league games. Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence. Sean Dyche insists Burnley are not scared of relegation as they are 'looking for the goal of being in the Premier League'Leicester boss Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA. Everton won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup under his stewardship.
Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11. Burnley manager Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to help relieve the pressure on Ings. Ings has been linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool.
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining on loan at Everton from Tottenham. Everton boss Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of his loan spell at Goodison Park. Lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton. Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for his Belgian star. Everton host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Leroy Fer could be rushed back from a knee injury against West Ham on Saturday. The 25-year-old has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland in February. QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on the Dutchman.
Steve McClaren is understood to be on Newcastle's short list for head coach role at St James' Park. John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat having replaced Alan Pardew in January. Reports suggest McClaren could leave Derby if they fail to get promoted from Championship.
Hull City lost 2-0 to Southampton at St Mary's Stadium on Saturday. Steve Bruce is confident he can keep his side in the Premier League this season. Hull are just two points clear of the relegation zone after six games.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie for £40m to £60m. The Crystal Palace manager says all his players are 'undervalued'Bolasie has been in fine form in recent weeks and is attracting attention of top clubs.
John Carver says Newcastle's hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club after admitting it is affecting performances on the pitch. The Magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to Spurs last weekend amid an atmosphere of unrest after thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner Mike Ashley. Fans group AshleyOut.com are encouraging supporters to 'Stand Up To Ashley’ when Swansea visit St James’ Park on Saturday.
Esteban Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Dynamos for India's I-League. The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan midfielder signed a one-year deal with Leicester last summer. Nigel Pearson is keen for the 34-year-old to stay but that may depend on their Premier League status. Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League and face Burnley on Saturday.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad. The 15-year-old has had trials with Liverpool and Everton. Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest in the midfielder.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals. The 21-year-old revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland. Lukaku used it as an added motivation to score more goals for the Toffees.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday in the Premier League. Mauricio Pochettino is returning to St Mary’s for the first time since leaving last May. Fans are planning to show their support for Koeman's achievements by wearing orange.
Queens Park Rangers are in the relegation zone of the Premier League. Chris Ramsey believes three wins will be enough to stay up. QPR face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester. Ramsey wants his side to improve their defensive concentration.
Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United. Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester's late surge against Swansea City.
Jack Butland has revealed he voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. Butland hopes Kane can fire the young Lions to European Championship glory this summer. Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic. Kane is expected to be a big part of the Three Lions team as they attempt to end 31 years of hurt.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success despite a disappointing season. The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa. Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
Swansea City are interested in signing Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. The Swans have also checked on Anderlecht's Aleksandar Mitrovic and Club Brugge's Obbi Oulare. Garry Monk has also made an offer for Marseille's Andre Ayew.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the championship. Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink. Aston Villa and West Brom are not quite out of the dogfight.
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him from the starting 11. The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine but since he left the club, the left back has found his game time limited.
Stoke City have opened talks over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic. The Bosnian goalkeeper is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs, including La Liga's Real Madrid. Stoke boss Mark Hughes is keen to keep the 27-year-old at the Britannia Stadium.
Leonardo Ulloa opened the scoring for the Foxes after Wes Morgan's knock down. Leicester moved off the bottom of the Premier League for the first time since November.
Celtic are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. They face second-placed Aberdeen in the league on May 11. Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic win the title on his home patch. The 27-year-old striker has netted 27 goals for Aberdeen this season.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle. The 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award. Kane's Tottenham team-mate Christian Eriksen is second in the rankings with a score of 42.5. Chelsea star Eden Hazard completes the top three after scoring the winner against Manchester United.
West Ham are set to move to the Olympic Stadium next year. The Hammers have announced their new season-ticket structure ahead of the move. The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from 2016-17. Manager Sam Allardyce believes filling the stadium is the most important thing for any club.
Andre Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods in Knightsbridge. Blackman has been told he is'surplus to requirements' by Tangerines boss Lee Clark. He was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work.
West Brom host Liverpool on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday. The Baggies are eight points above the relegation zone and face Liverpool, Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games. Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize.
Chris Sutton has branded Alan Muir 'idiotic' for failing to see a handball by Josh Meekings in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness Caley Thistle. The former Celtic striker has told the SFA they must hold bungling officials to account.
Josh Meekings handled a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths with his hand in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final. Inverness Thistle beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the Scottish Cup Final. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Ronny Deila was angry at the referee's decision to award his side a penalty. Josh Meekings handled Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound header but none of the officials saw it. Inverness keeper Craig Gordon was sent off in 53 minutes, Greg Tansey equalised from the spot. Celtic boss remonstrated with referee Steven McLean at half-time.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit. Brown was part of the Ibrox side which contested an Old Firm Scottish Cup final with two trophies already banked. He was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken that saw Celtic skipper seize the ball and take a throw-in that should have gone the other way.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season. Gers are currently second in the Scottish Championship table and have 12 players out of contract. Rangers have expanded their scouting network after a haphazard system over the past few years.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caley Thistle in the Scottish Cup final on Sunday. Josh Meekings was fortunate not to be penalised for a handball on Leigh Griffiths. John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside in an Old Firm League Cup final in 2003. The Welshman missed a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
Mike Ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers. Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy.
Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself at a stable club, says Walter Smith. The Ibrox legend worked closely with the former Rangers manager and coach Kenny McDowall before the duo assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch. Smith believes both men deserve to be remembered for what they did during his own highly successful second spell at Rangers.
Tim Sherwood is confident Aston Villa can secure their Premier League survival. Aston Villa are four points above the relegation zone with five games remaining. Manager Sherwood replaced Paul Lambert in February when Villa were in the Premier League relegation zone.
Isco returned to the starting XI for the Champions League semi-final, but only due to injuries to Gareth Bale and Luka Modric. The Spaniard admitted that he was unhappy after James Rodriguez's return saw him drop to the bench.
Ally McCoist will be welcomed back to Ibrox 'with open arms' according to John Brown. The club's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance at last month's general meeting to see the board which axed him as boss swept out of power. Brown insists King's team will never turn their back on a man who struck 355 goals in Light Blue.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City last summer. The defender has only made 16 appearances for City this season and is fourth in the Premier League. Sagna says he would make the same decision again if he was faced with a similar choice.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho at Stamford Bridge. The Arsenal manager has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Blues boss. Wenger and Mourinho rowed on the touchline in October's 2-0 win for Chelsea in the reverse fixture.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen. Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season on the Europa League campaign. Spurs have won two of 10 Premier League matches kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30.
Pep Guardiola's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season. Former Bayern Munich boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Lucien Favre is the right man to replace Guardiola. Favre's Borussia Monchengladbach are on course for Champions League football next season.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. Guardiola has been linked with a move to Premier League champions Manchester City. The Spaniard joined in 2013 after winning 14 titles in four seasons at Barcelona.
Barcelona face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-finals on June 6. Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could go head-to-head for the biggest prize of all. Real Madrid and Barcelona have only met twice this season, both times in La Liga.
Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities at Rangers. Dave King, the chairman-elect, has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come. The Championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme.
Manny Pacquiao held an open workout at the Wild Card gym in Hollywood on Wednesday. The Filipino star talked about his motivation, his belief in God and journey to the top in boxing. Pacquaio will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the most lucrative fist fight in history. Mayweather is the first boxer to earn more than a hundred million bucks in a night.
Floyd Mayweather is within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao. Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against the Filipino fighter.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather are set to fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. The bout is billed as 'The Biggest Fight in History' and is tipped to gross more than £300m. Mayweather is a five-division world champion in his own right and the holder of the welterweight titles they'll be fighting for.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao are two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight of all time. Mayweather will earn more than $100million in Las Vegas on May 2. The undefeated boxer will bank upwards of $180m, Pacquio $120m in the mega-mega-fight.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr continued his pre-fight preparations by doing a few lengths of a swimming pool. The 38-year-old boxer continued his impressive training routine ahead of the mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 will cost US viewers up to $100. The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70), but any HD surcharge could be added on by TV providers. Sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on British shores, and it will be shown on Sky Box Office for £19.95.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in a £160million mega-fight on May 2. Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp which appear to show him hanging a weight from his head. Actor Mark Wahlberg visited the Filipino to check up on his preparations for the bout.
Danny Welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with England and remains a doubt. Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face Arsenal on Saturday. Adam Lallana and Martin Skrtel begin three-match suspensions.
Sevilla will play Fiorentina for a place in the Europa League final. Rafael Benitez's Napoli take on Dnipro in the other semi-final. The draw was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon.
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm)Burnley defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention after overcoming an ankle injury. Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's clash with a knee injury. Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up with hamstring and hip issues.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager's job. But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini. Txiki Begiristain, City’s director of football met the Borussia Dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for City – and the club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini.
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure at the Olympic Stadium. West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to return to English football after leaving Napoli.
Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father Floyd's training camp. Mayweather vs Pacquiao is billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to post a picture inside his private jet. The 38-year-old is preparing for the most expensive bout in boxing history on May 2. Muhammad Ali wants Manny Pacquiao to beat Mayweather, according to his daughter.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German has been linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium. Arsene Wenger should be given two more years at Arsenal, according to Nigel Winterburn.
Thomas Tuchel will take charge of Borussia Dortmund in July on a three-year deal. Jurgen Klopp announced he was leaving Dortmund at the end of the season after seven years. Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract through a year-long break from football.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela. The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three. Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend and made a 30-minute visit.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners. Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision to suspend two athlete management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati.
Usain Bolt wants to beat his own 200-metre world record by running under 19 seconds. The Jamaican sprinter ran the distance in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin. Bolt will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100m event in Rio de Janeiro on Sunday.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power. If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after four minutes. Ross McCormack pulled one back for Steve Evans' side in the 67th minute. Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side need to rebuild in the summer.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the Masters. The four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root. The 39-year-old managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par. Woods claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place.
Rotherham will find out if they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend. The Millers were sanctioned by the Football League last week as they played Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in Champions League quarter-final. Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to win the tie. Real Madrid could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi-finals.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti returned to the Ligue One side. Boss Laurent Blanc says PSG are still not ready to win the Champions League.
Newcastle United have lost their last six Premier League games under caretaker manager John Carver. The Magpies have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match against Swansea. Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests.
Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester Tigers on May 9. The 24-year-old has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem in his neck. Launchbury still has aspirations of playing for England at the World Cup later this year.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli. The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand. Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk wants to talk to Manchester City about his future. Toure has two years left on his current contract at the Etihad Stadium. The Ivory Coast midfielder has admitted he is open to new challenges.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday. The 23-year-old has been out of action for five months through injury. Ray Parlour has backed the England international to be the future of the club.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers compared to Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)Manchester United have 8,872,812 Weibo followers compared with 4,870,000 on Twitter. Barcelona have 5.4million followers on Weibo, the fourth most of any club in the world. Tottenham are the only other Premier League club to have more followers in China than on Twitter – 1,367,140 compared with 1,090,000.
Alexis Sanchez says he is'very proud' to have joined Arsenal. The Chilean forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far. Sanchez has singled out Santi Cazorla as a'spectacular' player.
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night. Juventus progressed 1-0 on aggregate after Arturo Vidal's second-half penalty proved the difference in Turin last week. Patrice Evra believes Ligue 1's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play.
Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke. The 29-year-old hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 1-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Real Madrid and Juventus beat Monaco to join Barcelona and Bayern Munich in the last four. The semi-final line-up will take place in Berlin on June 6. Click here for more Champions League news.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year. The squad contains talented young players from a host of Premier League clubs.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of those pictured at the 1989 disaster. Photos show men and women rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released. Police believe the images may help track down key witnesses who may be able to help. The appeal is part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster which claimed 96 lives.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory. Spieth became the championship's second-youngest winner of all time. The world's media were keen to get even more footage of the Augusta champion after his big weekend.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool until 2020. The 24-year-old put pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 a week on Thursday. Henderson is the latest big name in Brendan Rodgers' squad to commit his future to the club.
Marcus Bettinelli made his Fulham debut against Rotherham United last August. The 22-year-old is the son of Fulham academy goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes Bettinelli could provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side lost 3-1 to the Portuguese side in the first leg of their quarter-final last week. Bayern are 12 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and are in the German Cup semi-final.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's 50 matches this season. The Welshman has missed La Liga and Champions League matches through injury and omission. Real Madrid have won all of their eight games without Bale, scoring 25 goals and conceding just one.
Thiago Alcantara would never have signed for Manchester United even if David Moyes had wanted him. But the fact that Moyes wasn't keen on the transfer - 'not his type' said a club source - was probably an early indication that he wasn't the right fit for United. United's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout Moyes' short time at the club. The kind of passing display Thiago delivered in Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto on Wednesday has been precisely what United have been missing.
Southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the Premier League in terms of performance compared with wages paid to players. Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7m. Third-placed Manchester United have the highest wage bill at £215.8m, based on last season's figures.
David de Gea has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid. Manchester United have been linked with Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels. Phil Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping De Gea.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United. German newspaper Bild report United have made an opening £21.5m bid for the defender. Dortmund want to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain for next season.
Radamel Falcao could still sign permanently for Manchester United. United chief executive Ed Woodward spoke with Monaco president Vasim Vasilyev on Sunday. United would have to pay £43.5m for the striker but Monaco are willing to negotiate.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after he cracked three ribs in an U21 game. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer. United hope to fend off interest from Liverpool, Bayern Munich and Paris St Germain.
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time. The 30-year-old has taken to Twitter to apologise for his crucial gaffe.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals in all competitions so far this season.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season. Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw. Real Madrid would also drop down if Barcelona wins the Champions League and Spanish league.
Manchester United have been impressed with Michael Carrick's contribution to the team. Louis van Gaal has identified Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term replacement. United could make a move for Gundogan in the summer to avoid losing him on a free transfer in 2016.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Neymar scored the opening goal in the 5-1 aggregate victory at the Nou Camp. Luis Enrique's side have gone from winning nothing last year to being on the cusp of emulating Pep Guardiola's treble-winning first season.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League. Roy Keane described Luiz's performance as looking 'lost' and'schoolboy stuff'Neymar scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to progress to the next round.
Sol Campbell has listed a second property in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea. Campbell bought the penthouse in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at an estate agents' in the hope of securing it for his family – his wife Fiona Barratt-Campbell and their children Isabella and Ethan. Campbell has also owned Grade II-listed Hallington Hall in Northumberland.
West Ham are set to move into the Olympic Stadium for the start of 2016-17 season. Premier League club are confident that the deal does not contravene domestic or European legislation. Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. The 26-year-old has scored three goals in his last three games for the Gunners. Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year with Eden Hazard the hot favourite.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. The 30-year-old will come up against in-form Birmingham striker Clayton Donaldson on Wednesday.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola said winning is a matter of life and death at Bayern Munich.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Tuesday. Andres Iniesta had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season. The 30-year-old has responded to his critics by claiming he 'never went away'Iniesta provided Neymar with his first goal on the night with a trademark through-ball.
John Higgins beat Robert Milkins 10-5. Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship. Selt won five frames in a row to move within one frame of victory at the Crucible. Hawkins kept his composure to win the final frame and progress to the second round.
DeShane Beckford is a 17-year-old forward from Montego Bay United. The Jamaican starlet has impressed West Ham's academy team-mates on trial. Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium and Spain.
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's super-fight on May 2. Bayless has refereed previous super fights involving Mayweather and Pacqiao. He will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century.
Jordan Spieth collected £1.23million for winning the Masters. Ian Poulter was dressed all in purple on Sunday for his final round. Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four.
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The match is billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history. Bayless has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights, including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996. Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from Bayless' appointment.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday afternoon. Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral to greet the couple. Murray tweeted his plans for the day through the use of emojis and it would appear he's counting on plenty of laughter, kissing and alcohol.
Glenn Roeder and Adam Pearson are part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. Roeder is a former Watford, West Ham and Newcastle boss. Adam Pearson helped lead Hull City to the Premier League last season.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different teams. The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf, who lifted the famous piece of silverware for Ajax, Real Madrid and Milan.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition. Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid are among them.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa. The club have reached the FA Cup final against Liverpool on Saturday.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Sam Allardyce was incensed that a foul by Eliaquim Mangala on Stewart Downing was missed. Referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play. The Hammers boss launched a furious rant at fourth official Robert Madley on the touchline.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. James Collins and Sergio Aguero scored comical own goals for the champions. Carl Jenkinson insists West Ham are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper.
Bayern Munich face Manchester City in the Champions League quarter-finals. Pep Guardiola is the man Txiki Begiristain would like to install at the Etihad Stadium in 2016. The 44-year-old is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career and at the hands of relatively inconsequential opposition too.
Martina Hingis lost 6-4, 6-0 to Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup against Poland. The 34-year-old was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team. The Swiss star won five grand slam singles titles before her 18th birthday.
Memphis Depay is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The 21-year-old has been compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer. De Boer believes United could have the edge over Liverpool in a battle for the Holland star.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final victory over Reading clashed with a top Premier League fixture on Saturday. Both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders, Sky and the BBC, scheduling the marquee Chelsea vs Manchester United league match. Luke Shaw enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as C minus. Kevin Pietersen is the elephant in the room, even at England’s sleepy Sugar Ridge Hotel on the day after the first Test.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen at their Melwood base. The club had grown concerned over confidential team details being leaked prior to matches. Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training and did not want a screen up.
Steven Gerrard was denied the chance to end his Liverpool career in this season's FA Cup final against Aston Villa on his 35th birthday. Liverpool lost 1-0 to Aston Villa in Sunday's semi-final at Villa Park. Gerrard's final game at Anfield will come in the league against Crystal Palace on May 16.
Manchester United were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are ten points clear at the top of the Premier League with six games to play. The Red Devils are considering an approach for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba in the summer.
Eden Hazard has been named 'one of the three best players in the world' by Jose Mourinho. The Chelsea manager has praised the Belgian's exceptional talent and unwavering humility. Hazard scored the winner in the 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave this summer. Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy. Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and set to go on a free transfer. Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer.
Michael Conlan has booked his place at Rio 2016 Olympic Games alongside Paddy Barnes. Both Belfast boxers were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night. Conlan dropped his opponent in the first round en route to claiming a 49-45 victory on two of the judges’ cards while the remaining judge questionably scored the fight 48-47 in Yoel Finol’s favour. The 23-year-old leapt to No 2 in the WSB bantamweight rankings, claiming the second 56kg Olympic spot on offer.
Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Khan has been so close to fighting Mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd. Khan is the stand-by for Mayweather had Mayweather refused the Fight of the Century. Mayweather will conclude his enriching six-fight contract with Showtime cable network in September.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool. Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers. Juventus want at least £55m for Paul Pogba and have bid for Belgian Axel Witsel.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to reach the final against Arsenal. Tom Cleverley says Tim Sherwood's attacking style is paying off for Aston Villa.
Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard more game time. Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in 2013. Rooney was heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge at the same time. Moyes gave a 16-year-old Rooney his professional debut at Everton in 2002.
Manny Pacquiao's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m) when he takes the ring at the MGM Grand Garden Arena with Floyd Mayweather on May 2. Mayweather's cut is to be in excess of £80m before a range of other means of income from the fight are split by Mayweather Promotions.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for the Reds with a chipped finish. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for Tim Sherwood's side.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for the Premier League leaders. Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal were happy with their display.
Marouane Fellaini has been in superb form for Manchester United in recent weeks. Blues goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side have a plan to deal with his style of play. Blues face United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon in the Premier League.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to put the Blues ahead.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low shot past David de Gea in the first half at Stamford Bridge. Didier Drogba scored a late consolation goal for Jose Mourinho's side.
Manchester United were denied a late penalty against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Gary Cahill but referee Mike Dean adjudged the Spaniard to have dived. Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea, even after taking a huge step towards the Barclays Premier League title.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game to move Chelsea within two wins of winning the title. Manager Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 to move 10 points clear at the top of the table. Eden Hazard's goal was enough to give Jose Mourinho's side all three points at Stamford Bridge. Blues captain John Terry insists there is still work to be done if they are to clinch title.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday. Chris Maguire converted an injury time penalty to salvage a point for Sheffield Wednesday. Bournemouth have gone from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one game.
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt. The club have won six on the bounce and are five points clear of Darlington at the top of the Evo-Stik League First Division North.
Radamel Falcao hasn't scored or had a shot on target for Manchester United since January 31 against Leicester. Striker has failed to score in 10 Premier League games for United since joining on season-long loan from Monaco.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. Louis van Gaal was Barca manager at the time of Iniesta's debut. Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the first team.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium. Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Arsene Wenger's side. Garath McCleary equalised for Reading with a deflected volley. But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time.
Manchester United are to introduce the living wage at Old Trafford in July. All Premier League clubs have agreed to pay full-time staff at least £7.85 an hour from 2016-17 season. But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early. Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals. United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals, but Rooney is determined to put an end to that sequence this weekend.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in the Premier League at Goodison Park on Saturday. Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team for the Toffees. Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time for two fouls on James McCarthy and Seamus Coleman.
Rotor Volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt. The Russian outfit beat Manchester United 2-2 in the UEFA Cup in 1995. Manchester United crashed out of the competition on away goals after a 0-0 draw in Russia. Rotor lost their professional status in 2005 but reformed a year later.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. The Toffees forward is the latest recipient of the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community. The 28-year-old has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's players remind him of his old side Wigan. The Spaniard says Sean Dyche has instilled a fearlessness into his squad.
Manny Pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his upcoming bout with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer uploaded a picture to Instagram of one of the shirts, named 'fight gear' on the website selling the merchandise. There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (321) and one priced at $24.99 (£21)Fans can also buy a shirt with both fighters on, in black or white, which reads 'pound for pound the fight of the century'
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in the Premier League at Goodison Park on Saturday. Ross Barkley missed a penalty in the 10th minute despite Leighton Baines on the pitch. Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the league this season. Roberto Martinez insists Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties.
Tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have yet to go on sale. The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments. Mayweather's promoter, Leonard Ellerbe, said Tuesday that tickets would be on sale this week. But MGM officials have been tight-lipped about their availability.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood says the Belgium striker could be sold in the summer if he wants to go. The 24-year-old has scored eight goals in his last six games for club and country.
Laura Robson took the opportunity to cool down in the Florida heat on Thursday. The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago. Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness for next month's French Open.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off in studio. Mayweather vs Pacquiao is set to be the biggest fight in the history of the sport. Sky Sports are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate the fight.
Martin Skrtel believes Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world. Gerrard is aiming to end his Liverpool career by making the FA Cup final against Aston Villa. The 34-year-old will sign off his Anfield career on his birthday of May 30, before moving to LA Galaxy.
Brendan Rodgers leads Liverpool to the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday. Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality. The 42-year-old is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory and his first piece of silverware since replacing Kenny Dalglish as manager in 2012.
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' is costing them a spot in the Europe League via the Fair Play League. The Potters' faithful have been singing Jones' hit as their unofficial club anthem since the the 1980s.
Barcelona host Valencia at the Nou Camp on Saturday in La Liga. Luis Enrique's side are five points clear at the top of the table after 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain. Real Madrid kick off their La Liga campaign against Malaga on Saturday evening. Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's clash with Malaga.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie. Suarez says he nutmegged PSG defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their bans reduced by one match each. Ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the French Football League (LFP)Ibrahimovic was caught on camera after last month's 3-2 defeat to Bordeaux launching into a tirade against official Lionel Jaffredo while walking back to the dressing room.
UEFA general secretary Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece from international football. The Greek government have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba at Lille. The Juventus defender has tipped 18-year-old Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing. Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday.
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. The 25-year-old suffered a calf injury in their 3-1 win against Malaga on Saturday. Bale took to Facebook to wish his team-mates good luck on Wednesday night.
Manchester United's Under 21 side drew 1-1 with Leicester at the King Power Stadium. Harry Panayiotou put the Foxes in front after 18 minutes after Anthony Knockaert's cross. Sean Goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past Leicester's defence before scoring past the helpless Adam Smith. Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game. Rafael and Adnan Januzaj both limped off in the 44th minute after sustaining rib injuries.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's performance in the Champions League shows you don't need to make big investments to go far in this competition. Monaco host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday in the quarter-final first leg. Juventus are 15 points clear at the top of the Serie A standings and well poised after Arturo Vidal's penalty winner in Turin last Tuesday.
Diego Simeone believes English football needs to 'wake up' after this season's poor showing in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage, and Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round.
Nathaniel Clyne is yet to agree a new contract at Southampton. The Saints are in talks with the England right-back's representatives over an extension. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in signing the 24-year-old. Southampton are willing to make Clyne one of the best paid players at the club.
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin. The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer to bolster the attacking options at Roberto Martinez's disposal. Charlie Austin has 17 goals so far this season and will leave Loftus Road in the summer.
Brentford are considering Gianfranco Zola as their new manager. Current boss Mark Warburton is to leave the club next month. The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton. Zola is best remembered for the seven years he spent at Chelsea.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error against USA in 2010 World Cup. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce believes Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot. Green faces his former club at Loftus Road on Saturday as QPR bid to avoid relegation.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain this week. Manchester United and Liverpool are both interested in the Holland international. PSG are understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than United. Louis van Gaal gave Depay his international debut for Holland.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Javier Hernandez scored the winner with two minutes left to play at the Bernabeu Stadium. The on-loan Mexican striker celebrated his winner 'like he had just won the World Cup'Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Hernandez for his celebration.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar. Barca face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday. Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the Catalan giants this season.
Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final second leg. Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday night. Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the Mexican striker for his celebration. The former Arsenal striker posted an 84-minute video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29 at the Barclays Center. Brook is going to fight Frankie Gavin in London's 02 Arena on May 30. Brook has repeatedly called out Khan but Khan has slammed Brook for his comments.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2. Ricky Hatton says the Filipino has the style to beat Mayweather in Las Vegas. Hatton also says having Freddie Roach in Manny's corner gives him a huge advantage over the Money Man. The Hitman says Amir Khan could cause Mayweather problems, according to Hatton.
Kell Brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show on May 30 at the O2 in London. Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield last month. Brook had been desperate to face Amir Khan at Wembley in June but his compatriot ruled out a fight until at least later in the year.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a $300 million mega-fight on May 2. Mayweather is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound No 1. But he believes there has never been a better boxer in history.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao on pay-per-view has been released. The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11. It shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road. 'It's time. Two legends. One destiny. All roads end here,' the commentary says.
Manny Pacquiao is better equipped to beat Floyd Mayweather now than in 2010, says Freddie Roach. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
Manny Pacquiao's last conference call has been called off. Bob Arum ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines. Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston has decided to contest his FA charge for allegedly abusive text messages. The Seasiders are currently bottom of League One and face Huddersfield on Saturday. Oyston is also looking at a hefty fine and mandatory four-hour FA education course.
Amir Khan took a break from training to finish off a bottle of milkshake. Bolton-born fighter then delivered a flurry of punches to keep the bottle in the air. Khan will fight Chris Algieri on May 29 at the Barclays Center in New York.
Poland international Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea. Hull chief scout Stan Ternent has watched the 25-year-old playing for Russian side Terek Grozny. Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
Ronny Deila has called for Josh Meekings to be spared a Scottish Cup Final ban despite his controversial handball in the semi-final defeat to Inverness. The Norwegian manager said it would serve no purpose for the defender to be given a retrospective suspension by the SFA. FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong.
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday. City need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the Premier League and are in danger of losing at least four. Frank Lampard, Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave while Richard Wright is expected to follow.
Cheltenham Town have two games left to try and stay in League Two. Cheltenham manager Gary Johnson got every player to sign an A3 sheet of paper saying 'I promise to do all I can'The League Two club are 23rd in the table and need to beat Shrewsbury and Wimbledon.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players. Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system. The trio have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season.
Tranmere are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool in the National League. Barnet and Bristol Rovers battle for automatic promotion to the Football League will go down to the last game.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent. The League Two side lost 3-0 to Oxford United on Saturday afternoon. Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference at Prenton Park.
Burton secured promotion to League One after Lucas Akins scored both goals in their 2-1 win at Morecambe. Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side are up despite fourth-placed Bury still being able to catch them, third-placed Wycombe can not. Shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to the Football League after beating York 1-0. Carlisle secured their Football League status with 2-0 win against Plymouth, while Cambridge and Mansfield are also safe despite the U's winning their encounter at the Abbey Stadium 3-1.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday. The pair have amassed 19 major trophies between them, including two Champions League and two UEFA Cup/Europa League victories. Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the season, with Lampard moving to New York City FC.
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh. The 26-year-old winger or full-back left Bradford at the end of last season. Kear will be available for Sunday's home game against Dewsbury.
Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City. West Ham boss Sam Allardyce claims no club has made an offer for the 25-year-old. The Hammers boss believes he would be better off staying at Upton Park to develop his game.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through. Cristiano Ronaldo provided a splendid assist for the goal in the Champions League semi-final.
Featherstone prop James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations in the first finding of its kind in the UK. The 29-year-old former Dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria. The Napoli boss has been heavily criticised for his waistline ahead of the Serie A clash. Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace the Spaniard at the San Siro.
Rafael Benitez is yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli. The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to agree a new deal. It has been rumoured he could return to the Premier League to take charge of Manchester City.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38. Watson, whose last game was as player-coach in the Championship for Swinton last June, has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford.
Bradford Bulls lost to Hull KR in Challenge Cup fifth-round on Sunday. Championship club say three cars were broken into and damaged in Richard Dunn Sports Centre car park. Bulls are appealing for witnesses and say they will 'leave no stone unturned' to find those responsible.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. Helm: 'There isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately'
Bryan Habana scored the decisive try in extra-time against Leinster. Toulon were reduced to 14 men when Ali Williams was sin-binned for taking out Devin Toner in the air. Ian Madigan's long pass was intercepted by Bryan Habana in the 90th minute.
Sir Oliver Popplewell says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'New book claims Bradford's Valley Parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham.
Gerry Sutcliffe does not believe a new inquiry into the Bradford fire is justified. He says he knew Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of finances of the club. But he remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry by high court judge Mr Justice Popplewell that the fire was an accident.
Stuart McCall's father, Andy, was one of the 56 people killed in the Bradford fire. Stuart McCall and his father were reunited with their father in Wakefield hospital. Martin Fletcher, a Bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the tragedy, believes the fire was not an accident and says he and his family are no longer willing to ‘live the myth’
Liverpool boxer Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20. The fight will be staged in Oakland, California and will run over the 12-round distance. The 31-year-old has not fought since November 2013 and has not won a fight since.
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr in Las Vegas. Former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara. The 37-year-old has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley last May.
Manuel Pellegrini's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny. Former Arsenal midfielder Patrick Vieira is highly-respected at the club. City's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. The Spaniard is set to remain with the German giants until the end of next season.
The Jungle Bar is being developed by Icelandic duo Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen through their company Crowbar Protein. It contains dates, sesame, sunflower and pumpkin seeds, chocolate and cricket flour. To make the bar, the team has cricket flour sent in, from farm-raised crickets that have been ground down. It is then mixed with the other ingredients to make the unusual bar. Cricket flour is useful because it contains a lot of minerals, vitamins and nutrients that are essential for the human body.
A Russian YouTuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road, crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Study found women read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours. Women aged 17 to 25 were found to judge themselves alongside pictures of friends rather than celebrities in magazines.
Third-party warranty firm SquareTrade claims Galaxy S6 Edge can bend and shatter under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. It also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs (54kg)Samsung has now responded with its own video, demonstrating a three-point bend test on both models.
Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube. The Flex Cam is a stadium tradition in which a camera rolls around the audience so that they can display their muscles.
Haim Kaplan captured the moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks. The 40-second-clip was recorded at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania. The man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show. But online she is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel. The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, and loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012. Now, one of the students has been accused of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch. The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat. Mrs Klein said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacked her 'didn't learn any lessons'
Hairdressers in the Taiwanese capital Taipei are giving furry customers outlandish makeovers. The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square - with the desired effect being a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo has confirmed executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are 'only a matter of time'The pair are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
John Lahiff, 70, was playing golf on Monday at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, owned by Clive Palmer. He believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole, causing the croc to swiftly retaliate. He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone. Mr Lahiff says he has no qualms about returning to the green, explaining he will be sure to steer clear of crocodiles in future and ensure he doesn't hit balls in the water.
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today in Japan. It is located between a 65ft high snow cavern and the winding track of Murodo in Tateyama. Over a million people visit the walls every year, but numbers dropped to 910,000 last year.
Balestrino was captured in all its spooky wonder by a drone. The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery. Little is known about the origin or history of the town that dates back to the 11th century A.D. Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago due to earthquakes.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Manuel Pellegrini and Txiki Begiristain may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer. Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are among the high-profile casualties. But what if Liverpool reel them in over the next six matches?
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, will now be accessible via footbridge for the first time. The Welsh fort, which defended Britain from French invasion, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge. Currently, the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water in Santa Barbara, California. Bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy. The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Patrick Miller and Damien Rigden stayed at a 'horrendous' hotel in Cyprus. Patrick Miller, a self-employed personal trainer, created the video for friends back home. The three-and-a-half minute video, titled ‘Never let him book a hotel again’, shows dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter. Patrick said in the video he allowed Damien to book the room, and they thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights.
Julie Stauch, Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear on the video. They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job. But far from being 'everyday Americans', they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois.
Jack Wilshere met Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent. The Arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour to interview the legendary Pele'Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients of the company. Pele has acknowledged that last year's World Cup was a 'disaster' for Brazil.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director, who picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona. The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building.
Incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia. It shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies.
Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity. Plane forced to make emergency landing due to poor visibility between Svalbard and ice camp Barneo. Moody, 36, and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko – a trainer with over ten years’ experience – of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong. The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer's command before getting into position.
Study found the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash. Experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging and a study co-author's finger.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild. The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches in too far and gets its head stuck. The other lions chase after the barrel as the distressed animal runs around in a circle.
Cats and People is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea. All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped. Customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview.
'Jeff Randl' is a blonde, mop-haired snowboarder who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier. He tells the camera he has travelled from Lake Forest, California to ‘Sweden’ to compete. The Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on stereotypes about US tourists.
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England. England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started. Carrick played against Ecuador at the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington. The group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them.
England cricket team's involvement with multi-billion-pound fraudster Allen Stanford has been defended by West Indies legend Sir Curtly Ambrose. Ambrose was one of the West Indies stars, along with Sir Viv Richards and Richie Richardson, who accompanied Stanford when he flew by helicopter to the Lord's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with England that ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence.
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield, the home nations international Under 16 tournament. The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect. Sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format and another backer found.
Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as title sponsor. Guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years, a £5m-a-year increase on the payments from Barclays. Premier League clubs are now so wealthy through their TV deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth £45m a year. Sky Sports' petty refusal to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell doesn't mean that an Arsenal legend will not do the honours. Gary Neville was desperate to get away from Stamford Bridge to get to Nicky Butt's wife's birthday party.
ECB are to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International. Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are among the leading candidates. Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015, the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities. Test Match Special have employed Test Match Sofa's Dan Norcross for their county cricket team.
Tura Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in 2011. The 27-year-old was competing in an ultra-marathon through WA's Kimberley region in September 2011. Ms Pitt revealed she still struggles to overcome her ordeal during a speech on Wednesday. The motivational speaker said just the smell of a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours. She ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football. She is Abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team. She sold David Luiz for a remarkable £50million last summer to Paris Saint-Germain. She allegedly told captain John Terry to ‘take it or f****** leave it’ over a contract extension. Graeme Swann has asked nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if his F-type Jaguar is seen.
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch. Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth. Sky Sports have refused to allow Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown. Clare Balding will present the women's Boat Race on BBC rather than the Grand National.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is represented by his father, former England international Mark. Raheem Sterling’s adviser Aidy Ward is also involved. Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management, whose head of talent ID is his stepfather Steve Moss.
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket with some poor performances in the first Test in Antigua. Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove wants to see an Ashes Test match at his beloved Ageas Bowl ground.
ECB have released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England. Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the job. The ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime.
Graham Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting UKIP a year ago. But he now wants to find out more about their policies, due to be published this week. Other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott. Adam Lyth, a member of the England squad in West Indies, says he will not be voting in the General Election.
QPR owner Tony Fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for Financial Fair Play breaches. Jim Rodwell's departure from Notts County to become chief executive of Scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell cannot automatically keep his place. League One clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat — Rodwell and former Manchester United director Maurice Watkins. Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their considerable FFP troubles.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016. Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ‘Fit for the Future’This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation. Blues manager says he cannot absorb them all into his first-team squad at once. John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea and he has gone on to become captain. Ruben Loftus-Cheek is set to get his chance next season.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday.
Manchester United are eight points clear at the top of the Premier League. Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players. Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Old Trafford.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Emilio Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league title.
Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight. Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice. Liverpool have repeatedly told the press and the fans that there would be no problem and Sterling would sign the new deal. Rodgers has repeatedly insisted that Sterling will not be moving anywhere this summer. Liverpool are seven points adrift in the race for the Champions League places.
Alastair Cook badly needs runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series. England's failure to win the first Test and Cook’s failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight. Peter Moores is under pressure himself after sacking of Paul Downton as managing director. He remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round.
Arsenal have 15 wins from 17 games since losing 2-0 to Southampton on New Year's Day. Arsene Wenger's side are now 13 points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. The Hoops were left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings to deny Leigh Griffith's goal-bound shot during the first-half.
Gary Warren picked up his second yellow card in the Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic. Warren missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason. The 30-year-old feels that the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is 'ridiculous'Warren says either the threshold should be raised – or all cards should be wiped from record.
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after draw against West Indies. West Indies forced to settle for a draw in the first Test against England in St George's. Captain Cook says 'we threw everything at the West Indies, we played a pretty good Test match and came up just a little short. It was probably a points victory but we go to Grenada now'
Michael Carrick won his 33rd cap against Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Carrick has played 377 matches for Manchester United in his nine seasons with the club. Sir Alex Ferguson signed Carrick for £18million, trusted him in midfield, and United dominated domestically and became Champions of Europe in an era when Guardiola, Messi and Barcelona were taking place in history as one of the greatest ever club sides.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers. The 19-year-old had a hand in Christian Benteke's equaliser and Fabian Delph's winner.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. Fabian Delph scored the winner in the 54th minute. Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the final.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Steven Gerrard is available after serving a three-match suspension.
Jimmy Anderson took his 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record. Anderson's parents Michael and Catherine and his wife Daniella were in the stands for his 100th Test. England had to settle for a draw in the first Test against West Indies in Antigua.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final. Goals from Neymar and a double from Luis Suarez put Barca in control. PSG need their skipper back if they are to turn this around.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday night. Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net with five minutes left on the clock but was flagged for offside. Brendan Rodgers believes it was a'very poor decision' by assistant referee Michael Oliver.
England are in danger of losing their fourth Champions League spot in the coming years. This season, for the second time in three years, there were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League, while none of our clubs have reached the last eight in the Europa League. If Italian and German clubs continue to perform well this season and English clubs fail to reverse their slump, the Premier League could end next season out of Europe's elite.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the 2-1 win over Stoke City on April 4. The 19-goal frontman was expected to be out for a month with the hamstring injury. Jose Mourinho says Costa's recovery is going well and he could face Arsenal next weekend. Loic Remy has recovered from a calf injury and could return against Man United.
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table. Louis van Gaal's United have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started. Radamel Falcao and Juan Cuadrado have found themselves warming the bench for the majority of the game.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Louis van Gaal will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind. Jose Mourinho believes United's squad is 'amazing' and will not be weakened by injuries. Chelsea boss says his players need no motivation ahead of the trip to Stamford Bridge.
Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer. The German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely. Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June.
Aaron Cresswell has impressed for West Ham in his first season in the Premier League. Chelsea and Manchester City are also interested in signing the 25-year-old. City are desperate to boost their homegrown quota of English players with James Milner and Raheem Sterling on the brink of leaving.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening. Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role against Jose Mourinho's side. Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four players ruled out of the game with ankle injuries. Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled to the starting XI. Louis van Gaal also revealed that Jonny Evans has completed his six-match ban.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton had a heated press conference after the Chinese Grand Prix. Rosberg claimed Hamilton had acted'selfishly' in slowing down to such an extent that he (Rosberg) could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari. Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League last Sunday. Juan Mata has scored twice in his last five games for Louis van Gaal's side. The Spaniard has performed better than he has ever done in the top flight in his career. Mata is performing at the peak of his powers and is enjoying a close friendship with Ander Herrera.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with Crystal Palace. The 25-year-old has made 35 appearances in all competitions for the Eagles this season. Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign under three different managers.
Barcelona host Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League quarter-final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Veratti and Thiago Motta are suspended and David Luiz is injured. Luis Suarez will be at the Parc des Princes to lead Barcelona's attack. Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship. Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate, accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg's accusations.
Cesc Fabregas scored late on to secure all three points for Jose Mourinho's side at Loftus Road. Blues extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points over Arsenal. Thibaut Courtois made a stunning save to deny Charlie Austin in the first half.
Nico Rosberg finished second in the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton finished ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel. Rosberg accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference. Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda believes Rosberg will turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season. Renault boss Cyril Abiteboul says there will be 'no surrender' in a bid to right their wrongs.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on big payday if City fail to reach group stages of Europe's top competition. City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Cesc Fabregas scored the winning goal in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over QPR on Sunday. The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City last Saturday. The 27-year-old travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager. The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was 17-years-old. But he says 'everything has played out perfectly' after his move to the Premier League in 2008.
Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral. Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. He took 248 Test wickets with his leg-breaks and scored 2,201 runs.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. Benaud won 63 Test caps between January 1952 and February 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 1-0 in'mini-derby' at Moss Lane. Callum Gribbin scored the winner for United with a delightful free-kick. The result leaves United two points behind leaders Middlesbrough in the table.
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro's Maxime Machenaud. Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in the semi-final on April 18 in Saint Etienne.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. Benaud captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s. He took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. Benaud captained Australia during their domination of the game during the late 1950's. He was the first man to score over 2,000 runs and take more than 200 wickets in Tests.
Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premiership's player of the month for March. The Wasps centre scored two tries in March as the Coventry-based club maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season. Daly looks certain to be included in Stuart Lancaster's World Cup training squad.
Lancashire have signed James Faulkner for the bulk of this summer. The all-rounder will join up with the county side after his Indian Premier League commitments. He was named man of the match as Australia beat New Zealand to win the World Cup.
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of England cricket. The 2005 Ashes winning captain spoke to the ECB about the role on Thursday. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have also registered their interest in the role. Peter Moores said he could work with Vaughan despite their uneasy relationship.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on a season-long loan from Atletico Madrid. Ronald Koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million. The Belgium international has expressed a desire to stay at St Mary's, but the waters are muddied by Atletico's ability to nullify the buy-out clause by paying them £1.5million.
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in the Champions Cup semi-final on April 18. Owen Farrell has been sidelined with a knee ligament injury since January. The Saracens fly-half missed the entire RBS 6 Nations with George Frod excelling in his absence.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University. The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after the humiliating Ashes whitewash defeat last year.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short illness. Benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956. He took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country. Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'
Harry Kane is the Premier League's youngest captain this season. Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time against Burnley on Easter Sunday. Kane scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27. He made his first international start against Italy on Tuesday.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a 'Star Wars' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers. La Gazzetta dello Sport pin hopes on former Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez. Spain are looking towards an all-Spanish Champions League final between arch rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid. Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich manager.
Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport. The Airbus A320 aircraft's passengers were evacuated, and there are no reported injuries. It is the latest in a series of incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights.
Gareth Barry has advised Ross Barkley against a move to Manchester City. The Everton team-mate believes it is too soon for the 21-year-old to decide on his future. Barry spent four seasons at City before arriving on Merseyside.
Tareq Kamleh, who is believed to be in his late 20's, completed his medical degree at Adelaide University. He was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in Perth before he took up working for IS. A university student said he showed no signs that he would defect to the radical militant group.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with cancer. Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club. Barca won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January. The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench by Roberto Mancini in recent matches.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. Jermain Defoe scored the only goal of the game with a sensational volley.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has admitted he would love to be the presenter of Top Gear. The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars and would 'love' to be on the BBC show. He has appeared as a guest on the show in the past.
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season. The Red Devils are currently third in the Premier League table, 11 points behind leaders Chelsea. The 29-year-old has praised Louis van Gaal's desire to bring back success to the club.
David Cameron told an audience he was a West Ham fan, despite supporting Aston Villa. He said: 'You can support Man Utd, the West Indies and Team GB all at the same time - of course I'd rather you supported West Ham,' he said during a speech on ethnic minorities. Cameron has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade'
Diego Costa is set to miss Sunday's trip to Arsenal with a hamstring injury. The Spain striker has not featured for Chelsea since April 4 against Stoke City. Blues boss Jose Mourinho said he would make a late decision on Costa's fitness. Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as the only fit senior striker.
Adam Johnson, 27, is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. He will appear before Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court. Sunderland winger was arrested at his mansion in Castle Eden, near Hartlepool, on March 2.
Maria Sharapova, Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber attended the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart on Monday. World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season after struggling to beat Sara Errani.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India. Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m), which is more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
Schoolboy, 12, needed to be rescued after falling down drain in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, a pupil at Stanground Academy. It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne on Monday night. Former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta also played. David Trezeguet and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang both scored in the match.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season. The 19-year-old has met Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month.
Ann Price, the creator of the world famous Ghetto Burger, has passed away at the age of 72. The Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best in America.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake the hand of Alexandra Dulgheru before a Fed Cup match at the weekend. The 21-year-old lost both her singles matches to players ranked 69 and 104.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year, according to Gary Neville. Former Manchester United right-back feels Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. Neville says Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space' by comparison to Hazard.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank. The deal will run through to the end of the 2018-19 season. It is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.
David Ospina was lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering Oscar. Laurent Koscielny was excellent in the first half as Arsenal struggled to break down Jose Mourinho's side. Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud struggled to find a breakthrough.
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford next year. Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue to pass on savings to fans. The club also announced a new VIP area in homage of the club's most famous sons.
Lewis Hamilton's younger brother Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy. Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. Both fighters spent time with those closest to them over the weekend.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool in an FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. The 19-year-old had to give up the sport where opponents would kick him and stamp on his fingers, but the toughness remains. He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
Manchester United players Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Louis van Gaal met sick supporters at their training complex on Monday. The trio, along with other squad members such as Ashley Young and Michael Carrick, met the fans as part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'Manchester United Foundation works in some of the most disadvantaged areas across Greater Manchester to educate, motivate and inspire young people.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second round match against Matthew Stevens. The five-time world champion fired two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead. But he was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session. Ali Carter continued to struggle in his match against Australia's Neil Robertson.
Video shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carrying out rifle routine in the sand. It is claimed to have been filmed near the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, which was captured by the Houthis last September. The group in the video, which calls itself Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen, began to emerge late last year and it is believed that their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Abby Bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala when she was just 24. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams. Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA. The basketballer, who lives in Canberra, has looked after her niece since she was two days old.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo on Sunday. The Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games on loan at the Bernabeu.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick to put Juventus in front against Torino. Matteo Darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval and Fabio Quagliarella completed the comeback. Despite defeat, Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table.
David Haye, 34, was stopped by officials at Dubai International Airport. He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. Haye handed over his passport and has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates. He had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham on Saturday.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the Professional Footballers' Association Premier League team of the year. Eden Hazard, Branislav Ivanovic, Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic, Philippe Coutinho and Alexis Sanchez are also in the XI. Harry Kane is the only English attacking player, chosen up front alongside Diego Costa.
Daley Blind was given a self-portrait of himself and his father Danny. The Manchester United star posted a picture of the painting on his Instagram account. The 25-year-old has been a key figure for United this season.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters upon his return to the Emirates. However when he was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause. Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23. A host of international footballers took to social media on Thursday to celebrate St George's Day.
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday. The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship. But five-time champion O’Sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code against fellow Englishman Craig Steadman.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United. Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match. Gary Neville has slammed United's performance as 'toothless'
The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. The collection is inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's commitment and attitude. Van Gaal admitted he was worried after watching United go through their pre-match warm-up. United were'second best from first minute until last' according to Chris Smalling.
Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream Mayweather vs Pacquiao for free. Live streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat have raised the prospect that Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss millions as viewers stream the content between their devices without paying. This opens up the possibility of live sports being streamed across social networks for free, despite broadcasters paying millions of pounds to obtain the rights.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Blues boss Jose Mourinho has hit out at the Gunners, branding their 11 year wait for the title as 'boring'Mourinho heaped praise on his captain John Terry for his 'fantastic' performance. Blues are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League with five games to play.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 on aggregate to reach the semi-finals. Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines. Bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time and won the tie 7-4 on aggregate.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-0 win over rivals Atletico Madrid. The Portuguese star's shot hit a young supporter in the front row of the Bernabeu. Ronaldo removed his training shirt and gave it to the supporter as a consolation. The young supporter was overcome with emotion at the kind gesture.
Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident at the World Cup. Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for the journalist. The message read: '#JusticiaParaTopo'UEFA say Guardiola has been disciplined because of an 'incident of a non-sporting nature'Lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling in was hit by a stolen car.
Wayne Rooney was replaced by Robin van Persie in the 88th minute. Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says it is too early to know the severity of the injury. Van Gaal fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure to United.
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season. The 21-year-old has also scored on his senior England debut. Kane was shortlisted for the PFA Young Player of the Year award on Sunday.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day challenge. Exeter Chiefs' Jack Nowell and Bath's George Ford took part at England Rugby's training centre in Bagshot, Bagshot.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates Stadium. Jose Mourinho said the decision was taken due to 'possible concussion'Oscar was sent to hospital at half-time for checks but played on until the break.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on Laurence Pearce during Saturday's Aviva Premiership clash. Leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half.
Emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman. Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show. Mayweather vs Pacquiao takes place in Las Vegas on May 2.
Cesc Fabregas' image hangs from the Ken Friar Bridge at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari insists that the flag should be taken down. The Spanish midfielder is set to start against his former club on Sunday.
Ian Poulter posted an Instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session. The 39-year-old has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in Stuttgart Grand Prix final. The German won her second title of the season after beating Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Blake Shinn bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Austalia. The 27-year-old jockey was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down. Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
Four Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' as they parked up outside Arsenal's Emirates Stadium. They were wearing Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks. Blues fans set off blue smoke bombs and covered the Arsenal sign in blue and white letters.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his trousers during the match. The Bayern boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'Bayern booked their place in the semi-finals of the Champions League.
The man, known only as Jason, uploaded the video to YouTube of his unique way of popping a cyst - using a needle, a pair of pliers and a screwdriver. His sister-in-law inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place with pliers as he winces. She then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the growth. Dr Arun Ghosh, a private GP in Liverpool, condemned Jason's method of popping his cyst.
Tiger Woods gave Yao Ming a golfing lesson at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai. Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7. The 39-year-old has played just three tournaments so far this year, which included a return to some form at the US Masters.
Didier Drogba's charity ball at London's swanky Dorchester Hotel raised £400,000 for his Foundation on Saturday night. Chelsea striker helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in Abidjan, Ivory Coast's capital, later this year. The Ivorian icon was delighted with how the evening panned out, as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise the money.
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago. George Groves took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to win by a points decision or via a technical one. Groves will now face Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title as he is the mandatory challenger.
All 16 teams in Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division are in with a shout of the title. The top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League, while the team in third make the CAF Confederation Cup.
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to Hull City on Tuesday night with a hip injury. The 25-year-old has missed five months with calf and thigh issues and is now battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22. Brendan Rodgers is adamant he will strengthen this summer and is keen on signing Memphis Depay.
Romeo, 12, ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday. Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo. Romeo wore race number 1081 and represented the Kensington and Chelsea region.
Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career will end in anti-climax after defeat by Aston Villa. Brendan Rodgers must take the blame for his side's poor performance at Wembley. Liverpool captain was deployed in a number of different roles by Rodgers throughout the game.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday. Real Madrid progressed to the Champions League semi-final with a 1-0 win over Atletico Madrid. But Mourinho decided to miss the Madrid derby as he visited Fulham's Motspur Park training ground. Chelsea manager was joined by his son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with Fulham.
Edinson Cavani visited a local zoo after Barcelona defeat. The Uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic during his time in the French capital.
Liverpool have been given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold talks with Memphis Depay. Manchester United remain favourites to sign the 21-year-old Holland international. Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer Champions League football. PSV are looking for £25million for Depay who has also been linked with Bayern Munich.
Floyd Mayweather pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by Chef Q. The boxer invited compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion, as he continues his preparation for the $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao. Broner, a three-time world champion, took to Instagram to show off the food on offer.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League by playing 'tippy-tappy football'Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas. Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
St Mirren skipper Steven Thompson accidentally speared John McGinn with a pole. The Scotland Under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season. Thompson scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe won her third and final London Marathon on Sunday. The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race. The former world record holder said she was 'unfit and unprepared' for the race.
Bayern Munich legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena. Klopp has already announced he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute. John Stones doubled Everton's lead before half time. Kevin Mirallas rounded off a brilliant display of counter-attacking football.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final. Thomas Muller scored his 27th goal in the competition during the win at the Allianz Arena. The World Cup winner is the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992.
The MGM Grand on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night. Mayweather vs Pacquiao is the biggest event in Las Vegas history with 100,000 fans expected at the MGM Garden Arena. MGM Grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event itself.
Hull City charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets at The KC Stadium. Last season, the same seats were sold for £35. Stoke fans were charged £16 for tickets when they went to Hull in August. Liverpool fans have regularly held up banners saying they are 'against modern football'
James Haskell dressed in Iron Man costume for Avengers: Age of Ultron. England flanker returned to Wasps in 2012 after spells in France, Japan and New Zealand.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton. The 26-year-old won't be available for the rest of the season. West Ham have only won one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather are nine days away from their fight. Mayweather was at his gym in Las Vegas when Mariah Carey paid him a visit. The singer watched from ringside as Mayweather beat Shame Mosley in 2010. Mayweather will make the short trip from his gym to the MGM Grand next week.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 Graphic. The new boot took inspiration from the Japanese dragon. The Manchester City striker put himself 3-2 up against the Borussia Dortmund winger.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina. The world No 1 golfer met Brad Dalke, 17, who will join Oklahoma University in the autumn. Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page with the note, 'Sorry Rory'
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in La Liga. Manchester United loanee has now scored six goals in eight starts for Carlo Ancelotti's side. The 26-year-old is only two minutes short of Barcelona's Lionel Messi in scoring ratio.
John Terry has made an appearance in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season. The 34-year-old has played 2,970 minutes this season, scoring three goals. Terry made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points on points at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night. The Ukrainian has confirmed Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and is willing to fight him in England. The IBF, WBA and WBO world heavyweight champion says he is ready to travel to England to defend his belts.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. The Blues are one point clear at the top of the Premier League table after a goalless draw.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar in straight sets to win the Barcelona Open. It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese, who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Barclays Premier League title. Henry also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman remains as the club's first choice striker.
Mick Schumacher Junior is making his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany. The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the 2015 series. He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race, and will take part in two more races on Sunday.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in France. The French forward suffered the injury during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton earlier this month. The 29-year-old has been able to spend time with his family in Lyon.
Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in La Liga on Tuesday night. Nolito and Toni Kroos scored before half-time to put Real 2-0 up. Javier Hernandez made it six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets. Buyers are stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic all made the best XI. Chelsea are third in the Premier League table with 29, behind Manchester United and Arsenal. David de Gea is the only Manchester United player to feature in the PFA Team of the Year.
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June. The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond. Some people have questioned the decision to abandon the USA's traditional red, white and blue colours.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London on Sunday night. The EA Sports’ side sees two fewer Chelsea players in the line-up with Gary Cahill and Nemanja Matic failing to make the team.
Ivan Rakitic posted a picture with his wife and daughter on St George's day. Rakitic has been an integral part of Barcelona's team since joining from Sevilla in June. Barcelona have a two-point lead over Real Madrid in La Liga with six games remaining.
Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target. Moshin Tanveer, who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, handed Van Gaal a list of potential targets at a club fan day. The Manchester United manager reads out the names of Mats Hummels, Gareth Bale, Paul Pogba, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez. United are currently third in the Premier League with 65 points from 33 games.
Mourinho left Didier Drogba on the bench until the start of the second half. Eden Hazard, Oscar and Willian sacrifice their A-game for the greater good of the team. Willian was exceptional as he flitted across Arsenal's back line and pestered Santi Cazorla.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot. The MoS analysis suggests that Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory. Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure. There were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Qatar’s executive committee member Mohammed bin Hammam.
Lunch: Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com. Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson. Sandals, £34, office.co.uk. Clutch bag, £145, russellandbromley.co.
Manny Pacquiao has appeared in a Foot Locker advert ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight. The American sportswear company have released a follow-up to the 41-second advert.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for Edinson Cavani. Louis van Gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off by Radamel Falcao's loan spell at Old Trafford. Cavani hasn't scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league.
New England Patriots visited White House on Thursday. Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 in Super Bowl. But there was one notable absence with Tom Brady nowhere to be seen. Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
The Apple Watch Sport model has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact'But it has been shown to shatter after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres)When dropped ‘not aiming at the display,’ in a test conducted in Sacramento, California, it survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when the timepiece hit the pavement. When the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered instantly.
Adam Federici is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the FA Cup final. The 30-year-old failed to stop Alexis Sanchez's shot from crossing the line at Wembley.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium. Fabian Delph and Chrisitan Benteke scored the goals for Tim Sherwood's side. Aston Villa will face Arsenal in May's FA Cup final.
Xavi made 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday night. Real Madrid's Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi's total in both Champions League games and knockout matches if he plays against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night.
Jose Mourinho says injuries to his strikers have made him take a cautious approach to the last few games wrapping up the title, but the defensive side of his team has stayed remarkably settled all season. Mario Balotelli's first start in a Premier League game since the 2-1 defeat by Chelsea in November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before. Louis van Gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for Manchester United's defeat at Everton, saying they lost three duels in a row before James McCarthy’s fifth minute goal.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday. Fulham beat Middlesbrough 4-3 in stoppage time at Craven Cottage. Watford will return to the Premier League for the first time since 2006-07.
EA Sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their new game. EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16. The game features various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
The gate at Border Field State Park in California, which was put in place in the mid-1990s, was briefly opened on Sunday for Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in the U.S. without documentation. The gate had only been opened to those affected once before, in 2013.
Manchester City have told Jason Denayer they want him to spend a season on loan in the Championship. The 19-year-old has been on loan at Celtic since joining the Hoops on a year-long deal. City will block any move by Celtic to instigate another one-year deal for the defender.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn filmed scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2. Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen having previously lent his voice to Disney animation Cars 2.
Actor Chris O'Dowd lashed out at Gatwick Airport after his three-month-old son was frisked. The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff, who also threw out the child's bottle. The 35-year-old actor mocked the airport, in Crawley, West Sussex, even further by ending the tweet with the hashtag '#ScaryBaby'It came a day after he and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London.
43 per cent of voters think Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most'Only 25 per cent think Cameron is hungriest for the job, and 13 per cent said neither of them. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon was judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone by 34 per cent.
Karen Danczuk, 31, told LBC’s Nick Ferrari that she had rebuilt her life after being ‘shattered’ as a child. She said Parliament needed people like her ‘to bring it back down to reality’Said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
Motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs. Motherwell want to offer free tickets for season ticket holders.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to pick up their pets' droppings and use bins provided. They want owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database. The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets.
Philip Dunning 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town. He went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting.
Real Madrid host Almeria in La Liga clash at the Bernabeu. James Rodriguez opens the scoring for the hosts with a stunning left-footed volley.
Saskia's boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test and didn't dump her thanks to her A grade. The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section. She scored an impressive 87 per cent, but according to her unnamed boyfriend's feedback she 'could have performed better on Q17', needs to 'Learn ALL player positions' and should understand that 'Tottenham are scum'
Ousamn Jatta, 45, married wife Beryl, 88, in Gambia 13 years ago. He moved back to UK with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006. He took her to a care home while he went to Africa for three weeks. But when he returned to pick her up he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 fortune to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013. But his relatives and family friends insist that the will is invalid and Mr Butcher is lying. Mr Butcher became friends with Mr Sharp after the builder cleared gutters of his home in Enfield, north London.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo has praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' and that the executions were'much better than the first round of executions in January'Indonesia's president Joko Widodo raised his nation's sovereignty when asked about Australia withdrawing its ambassador.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter Madeleine's disappearance. A Lisbon court agreed that Amaral should pay Mr and Mrs McCann €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages. It also banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie.
Ronaldo Brown has joined Oldham Athletic after being released by Liverpool. The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo, who is pictured scoring in the 2002 World Cup. But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits. The Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander. But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Rodrigo Gularte, 42, asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island. He and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Irish priest appointed to be Gularte's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to Gularte for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions. The convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India, to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them. The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, some 50 miles from the Pakistani border, in Punjab province. The men grabbed Arshdeep and made several attempts to'molest' her, but instead of defending them, the bus staff joined in the sexual assault.
14 soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for food. French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal following revelations it was made aware of the allegations in July last year when it received a leaked UN report.
Ba Van Nguyen was able to fly a CH-47 Chinook, the largest helicopter in the South Vietnamese army, with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the South China Sea. The USS Kirk was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out. He then flew back out to sea and jumped from the helicopter seconds before it crashed and sent shrapnel flying everywhere.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu. He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. The boy had been 'pancaked' between two floors, according to Andrew Olvera, who is heading the team from the U.S. Agency for International Development.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death outside a nightclub. The 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been leaving Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall's Goding Street. He was leaving with a group of friends after performing a set when a group approached them, court hears. Peter Lama, also 19, was stabbed in the buttock by his friend Abu Mansaray. Jermaine Coker was chased by Junior Ademujimi-Falade but escaped but managed to return to club. Minutes later, Mr Beatson Asiedu was seen staggering along the road before collapsing in the road.
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Javier Hernandez on Thursday night. The deadline passed without Madrid making a formal offer to buy the Manchester United striker outright. The 26-year-old has scored five goals in his last six games for Real Madrid.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone. He is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in Dover, Kent, kept company by a team of NHS carers who come to bathe him and cook for him every day. The 32-year-old spends £200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping. He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs in family home in Bhaktapur, Kathmandu. He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him protecting him from the rubble. Mother Rasmila Awal, 35, told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy' that her baby is alive.
Liz Clark left her home in San Diego, California, to sail around the world. The 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor. Liz, who studied Environmental Studies at the University of California in Santa Barbara, jumped at the chance.
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. He has a background in psychology, micro expression training, and neuro linguistic programming.
Rangers manager Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters. Lee McCulloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers. McCulloch has made no reference to the incident to McCall and vice versa.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result, but rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result. David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power. All three leaders faced questions over Cameron's proposed European referendum in 2017.
Ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm. He will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean.
Nicola Sturgeon warns Ed Miliband he will not be able to pass a Labour Budget unless he agrees to SNP demands. Scottish First Minister talked up her chances of being Westminster's king-maker following next week's election. Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists, but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table.
Home Secretary said new legislation is urgently needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ. But, based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked - with balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law. If MPs cannot agree on a replacement, Britain’s spies will be unable to track the communications of Islamic State and other terrorists.
Anonymous scientist Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone, the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986. She says the most scared she's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned, dilapidated buildings.
Charlie Patino, 11, has been spotted at Luton Town's academy by Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. Like Jack Wilshere, Charlie analyses Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for £1,200 in 2005. They spent £35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon over five years. They toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity. It starred alongside Melvyn Bragg in a 20-part BBC2 series 'The Reel History of Britain'
Kevin Morgan, 55, of Weybridge, Surrey, was injured when Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in 2005. The married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, which together have ended his working life, his lawyers claim. He claims he is in so much pain, particularly in his neck, that he only rarely leaves his home. But he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group.
Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent. Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex.
Germans no longer see the Second World War as a defeat, it has been claimed. Instead, they now think of themselves as victims of the Nazis, it is claimed. Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat.
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City this summer. The Arsenal star is closing in on a return to full fitness after ankle surgery in November. The 23-year-old has been forced to miss five months of the season through injury.
Ivan Rakitic and his wife Raquel Mauri posted a picture on Instagram of them relaxing at the beach. Rakitic's Barcelona team-mate Lionel Messi has also taken to Instagram to announce he is expecting a baby.
Tickets for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on Thursday. The fight was always going to take place on May 2 at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas.
Parliament's expenses watchdog launched bid to keep MPs' original receipts secret. But Court of Appeal ruled that it must release all copies of receipts and invoices submitted by politicians. Ipsa chief Sir Ian Kennedy launched a bid to have the original claims kept secret. Today's ruling comes six years after the MPs expenses scandal broke.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a selfie with Tyga. The Arsenal duo also gave Tyga a No 52 Arsenal shirt with the word 'Kingin', a hashtag he usually writes on Twitter, printed on the back.
Theo Walcott has been on the substitutes' bench for 17 of Arsenal's 33 Premier League games this season. Walcott, Calum Chambers, Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, David Ospina, Mathieu Flamini and Mesut Ozil have all posed for a Lanvin photoshoot.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2. Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with Gladys Knight. Knight is best known for singing hits such as 'Midnight Train To Georgia' and 'Friendship Train'Mayweather thanked Knight for watching him in the gym earlier in the day.
Lionel Messi posted a picture of his wife Antonella Roccuzzo's stomach being kissed by their son, Thiago. The Barcelona star posted the picture on his Instagram account with the message: 'Waiting for you baby. We love you'The couple are reportedly due to have a baby boy and have settled on the name Benjamin.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships in Sheffield. The Manchester United winger turned out for Under 21s against Fulham on Tuesday night. The 20-year-old cheered on Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill. The 2005 winner moved a step closer to an elusive second title in Sheffield on Wednesday.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon. The Scot will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open and then maybe longer. The 27-year-old Scot is in Munich for this week’s BMW Open and joined in the celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club on Monday night.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland is 'biggest' form of racism in UK. Accused Alex Salmond of fuelling resentment and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist. Said he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour shared a glass of bubbly on Tuesday. Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday in the Premier League. The Red Devils host West Brom at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton booked his trip to Las Vegas back in December in anticipation for the big fight. Only 500 tickets were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand. He was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week.
Barcelona thrashed Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have now scored 102 goals between them this season. Barcelona are five points clear at the top of La Liga ahead of Almeria on Wednesday.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the man to beat at the French Open. Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week. World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and has won three Masters titles.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker. The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi. Ferguson believes Ronaldo could play for Millwall, QPR, Doncaster Rovers, anyone, and score a hat-trick.
Barcelona beat Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar scored all six goals for the Catalan giants. Neymar posted a photo of himself with Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Luis Enrique. The Brazilian captioned the photo: 'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!’
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours. The McLaren driver was running on behalf of Cancer Research. The 35-year-old praised the 'amazing atmosphere' and collective spirit of the runners.
The BT Sport Industry Awards were held in Battersea on Thursday. AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere, Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were among the sporting stars in attendance. McCoy was presented with his lifetime achievement award by Gunners legend Thierry Henry.
Martin Odegaard will become Real Madrid's youngest ever player if he comes on against Almeria. The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Carlo Ancelotti's side were in a commanding lead against the relegation-threatened club at the Bernabeu. The Norway international joined the Champions League winners in January for an initial £2million fee.
Lewis Hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the Formula One season, taking his brother Nicolas out for a spin out in LA. The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the Mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of LA's busiest freeways.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2. The fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) with Mayweather receiving $180m (£117)Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Tuesday night. Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February and has only just returned to the first-team picture.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with the Barclays Spirit of the Game award. The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa' to help children in his home country of Ivory Coast. The Ivorian scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday, his seventh of the season.
Didier Drogba hits back at claims that Chelsea are boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'Drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the Premier League title with two more victories. The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night's trip to Leicester City at St George's Park.
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun. In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form. It is hoped the study could help increase understanding on how they form - and how they are related to solar eruptions.
Addison Russell, 21, was playing for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field for the first time. He swung at a first-pitch fastball and accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers. The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face. The fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative after being hit.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley. The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster's moves. The 25-year-old has played only twice since suffering a hip injury against Manchester United.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather have yet to be signed. Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement signed a couple months ago, which doesn't allow him to be in control'
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is scheduled for May 2 in Las Vegas. But 11 days before the fight, not a single person has a single ticket in their hands. The venue for the bout, the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena, is yet to put tickets on sale. Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe claimed they would be on sale last week.
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right. Audi claims the whole process can be powered using renewable energy and can be achieved with an efficiency of around 70%.
Technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity stimulates the nervous system to restore sight. A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. When the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. A connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will beam into the eye.
Denim designer Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office. Ms Liano relaunched her eponymous jeans label last year after going into liquidation in 2013. She is the sister of Real Housewives of Melbourne star Gina.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away. His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths.
Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 1-0 to clinch the Barclays Premier League title. Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League. Only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts. They were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer. The robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’The majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal. The development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) member countries.
Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2 in Las Vegas. Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight. He said: 'I respect all the great champions of the past. But I've done just as much as Ali did'There was sympathy for Freddie Roach in his battle with Parkinson's disease'
Thermal images show copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) causing jets of molten material to burst from its vent. Cell 1 remained intact during battery failure and as the heat-generating reactions continued, hot gas followed by molten material jetted out through the battery’s vent. By comparison, the rapid pressure rise in Cell 2 caused the entire cap of the cell to detach.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
Skateistan is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding. In 2012, photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson decided to take pictures of these Middle Eastern skater girls. Her work was recently on display at a gallery in London.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
Ian Merrett, 28, and his colleagues whistled at Poppy Smart, 23, every day for a month. She filmed them and asked West Mercia Police to investigate alleged sexual harassment. Mr Merrett admitted it was probably him whistling but said she should take it as a compliment. He said: 'It's not worth getting into trouble over some silly little girl. I don't know why she complained, she must be thinking things above her station'
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals for Chelsea this season. The 17-year-olds scored in the 3-1 win against Manchester City in the FA Youth Cup final.
Former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates. But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power. She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'But she warned how other candidates have given the party a bad image.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform. She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Ellen DeGeneres is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind Amanda with a mere three million 'loves'
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato. The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres.
Jimmy White lost 10-8 to Matthew Selt in qualifying for World Snooker Championship. World No 30 Selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat White in Sheffield on Monday. Steve Davis, 57, suffered a 10-1 defeat by Kurt Maflin in his qualifier.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi, it has been ruled. But legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, watchdog ruled. Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United. John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci could cost the club around £1.5million. United sold Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic in January.
The incident took place at the 91st floor of the Shanghai World Financial Centre. It is the city’s second-tallest building at 492 metres (1,614ft)
Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine believe the lab-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body. The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, lung and breast cancer.
Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare. They are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
Johanna Basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013. Secret Garden has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books. Mother-of-one’s second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks of its release.
Inverness beat Celtic 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final. David Raven's extra-time winner was enough to send Inverness through to the final. Virgil van Dijk fired Celtic into the lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute.
Manny Pacquiao is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman. He is just over 5ft 6in but doubles as the player-coach of a professional basketball team, the Kia Carnival. His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights.
Tammy Abraham scored twice as Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in Youth Cup final. Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline at the Academy Stadium.
Marc Albrighton gave Leicester the lead in the 45th minute with a close-range finish. Didier Drogba equalised for Chelsea in the 48th minute from close range after a corner. John Terry made it 2-1 in the 79th minute and Ramires completed the comeback in the 83rd minute. Chelsea can be crowned champions on Sunday if they beat Crystal Palace.
Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport is set to be the largest in the world. Opening in 2018, the gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and handle 45million passengers a year. Zaha Hadid has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances and increase connectivity.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final. The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4. The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge.
A new Reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. The discussion, which focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments, asked users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's mega-fight is set to become the biggest pay-per-view in sport. The American will earn $170m (£111m) and $5m (£3m) per minute, according to Sports Interaction. Mike Tyson has featured in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay per view fights. The average payout for top 10 fighters stands at $22.4m (£14m)
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear. Wolfsburg knew only a win against Borussia Moenchengladbach would keep their title hopes alive. But the defeat means Bayern Munich have been crowned champions for the 25th time.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed her American socialite mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort. Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia.
Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into Mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast. A regimented diet is crucial to the champion's training regime and Mayweather demands organic produce. 'Twizzlers are his favorite,' Jeffries reveals in an interview with New York Magazine.
Castello Baronale was built by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541. The castle was used as a fortress for French Revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800. It was handed back to the Barberini family when Napoleon was defeated, and remained in their family until 1993.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park on Tuesday. Josh Kerr and Mark Hill scored in the 74th minute to give the Hoops the lead.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon. The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. The women pulled hair, slapped, yanked each other's clothes and knocked over store displays.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for Chelsea in the first leg of the Youth Cup final against Manchester City on Monday night. Chelsea youngster Dominic Solanke doubled the Blues' lead before Isaac Buckley-Ricketts equalised for the hosts.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. John Terry and Didier Drogba scored the goals that put Chelsea on the brink of the title. Jose Mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side after the win at the King Power Stadium. Chelsea face Crystal Palace on Sunday in the next round of games.
The tags belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach. Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island.
Ronny Deila is preparing his side for Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness. The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in. Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies.
Sensuality & the Art of the Teese with Dita Von Teese will run workshops at Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona, from June 8 until June 12.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh. Gloucester centre Bill Meakes scored the opening try for the hosts at Kingsholm. The Cherry and Whites will compete for their first European title since 2006.
John Terry has scored seven goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season. The 34-year-old is the club's joint third-highest goalscorer with Loic Remy and Didier Drogba. Terry's goal return is better than Manchester City's Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic. Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United - scoring only four goals.
US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours. Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Steve Davis and Reanne Evans will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield. Jimmy White will take on fellow veteran James Wattana in qualifying on Thursday. Davis believes both would relish the challenge if they fought their way through qualifying.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty on Thursday. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to Evans. Doherty, the 1997 world champion, led the calls for Evans to be handed another chance.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker World Championships. The 29-year-old faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying. Evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty on Thursday.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is billed as the fight of the century. Mayweather will put his undefeated professional career on the line against Pacquaio on Saturday. Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of the bout. The World Boxing Council are launching a limited-edition jewellery range to mark the upcoming bout.
Sydney Harbour views can be seen on the right hand side of the plane. If you are flying into LAX from the east you can see the San Gabriel mountains, the Los Angeles River, downtown LA, the Hollywood sign, and Century City.
Harry Davies-Carr, 11, and his younger brother Charlie, 9, starred in the viral video. It has amassed more than 816million views on YouTube since it was uploaded eight years ago. Now the pair have given an interview to children's TV programme Newsround. Harry said he now finds watching the video funny, saying: 'It makes me laugh'
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick against Dundee United on Sunday. The 24-year-old is now Celtic's top scorer with 14 goals in his last 17 games.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Craig Sibbald headed in a Blair Alston cross in the 74th minute. Falkirk will play either Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic in the final.
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts. Wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen. Victoria Hoffman, who owns her on US-based concierge service, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the Cannes Film Festival.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday. Justin Bieber is set to carry Mayweather's belts into the ring. The 21-year-old is close friends with Mayweather and has accompanied him on numerous occasions.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so, facing the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez. The 36-year-old spent his early career fighting in the Far East before being given his chance in 2001 against Lehlo Ledwaba in an IBF world super-bantamweight title fight.
Australian artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed in Indonesia. Indonesian President Joko Widodo has repeatedly rejected pleas to spare the lives of the nine drug convicts on death row. The artist has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life'Quilty has tirelessly led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrive in Las Vegas ahead of Saturday's mega-fight. Both boxers made public appearances on the Las Vegas Strip on Tuesday. Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell was there to witness the arrivals.
The Scottish game is engaged in a Faustian pact and the television piper is calling the tune. Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. The BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year to Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
The world is quite literally your oyster when looking for property around the world. From an Italian villa that looks like a castle and an Antigua retreat with Giorgio Armani as a neighbour, these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at Celtic player of the year awards dinner. Norway midfielder, 24, shared the award with Scott Brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters. Johansen joined the Parkhead club in January last year.
Chelsea are set to announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan Allan de Souza. The Blues beat Manchester City to his signature on Wednesday. The 19-year-old joins Willian, Oscar, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar in the squad.
Massage therapist Suzi Cinalli, from The Vital Touch, has six top tips to boost concentration. Massaging your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration, she says. Swapping cereal for fish at breakfast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier in Sheffield. Doherty took the opening frame 71-15 but Evans hit back brilliantly to build an imposing lead. The match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening.
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US. Racism is also common in the 'rust belt' which straddles the upper Northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states. The map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in the Gulf Coast, Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and a large portion of Ohio.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather are in Las Vegas ahead of their mega-fight on May 2. The Filipino star arrived on Monday night at the Mandalay Bay hotel, which will be his base for the week. The 36-year-old had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym. Mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled Boxing Club, which is situated next to a Chinese Baptist Church. The Mayweather Boxing Club is also an inconspicuous building on Schiff Drive, Las Vegas.
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'Because my life is saturated with it'Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen after being involved in a brawl. The Bosnian international was filmed fighting the club's security personnel. The 34-year-old was incensed that security personnel wouldn't let his friends into the players changing rooms.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring for the hosts after just 15 minutes. The Poland international doubled Bayern's lead before Thomas Muller added a third. Bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork.
A Gronking To Remember is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games. The couple are suing the novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks, Kindle and Nook digital formats.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. Bayern Munich's Arjen Robben and Borussia Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang also out.
Riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match between the two clubs. An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. Eleven fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling T-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background. Manny Pacquiao is the happiest soul in Las Vegas, smiling, cracking jokes, bidding everyone welcome. Mayweather has no qualms about being cheated by the judges, the way he was in his first fight with Tim Bradley.
Andrew Chan, then aged 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were the ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine, who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia, are now dead. Both men were attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches, after being disillusioned by their jobs and had been won over by the riches and lifestyle that selling drugs promised. Chan, the youngest of four children and the son of Chinese immigrants, once described himself as the black sheep of his family. Sukumran, a university drop-out and the eldest of three, still lived with his parents while working in a mail room. Chan was intercepted at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush, Michael Czugaj, Renae Lawrence, Martin Stephens and Matthew Norman.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre. These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel. But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery.
Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC Thursday calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed. Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison. The case against the president, who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup, stemmed from alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the Maldivian military.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital. French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane. It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way.
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with a close-range finish. Mame Biram Diouf pulled one back for the Potters in the 47th minute. Substitute Charlie Adam scored the winner with six minutes to go.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club. The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old, who has two years left on his contract.
Liris Crosse, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of the plus-size modelling world. Despite being a healthy size 10 (US 6), Liris received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape. She is now a size 18 model (US 14) and has starred in top videos with Jennifer Lopez, Jay Z and Puff Daddy.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks. Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls. A former member, Miracle, told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations. Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
Former world champion Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram snap on Tuesday. The pair were watching Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event in Brooklyn. Danny Garcia won a controversial majority decision over Lamont Peterson before being called out by Broner. Broner called Garcia out, again on Instagram, for a September fight.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts this season. Ray Parlour believes Arsenal should sign Cech this summer. Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table, just ahead of Burnley. Sam Allardyce's side have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke. The Hammers could qualify for the Europa League if they finish in the top three 'fair-playing' leagues in Europe.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by their girlfriends Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel. The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital. Wolfsburg beat Hamburg 2-0 while Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com. The Paris Saint-Germain forward has been immortalised in the search engine with the site totally devoted to the French giants' No 10. The website has an identical style to Google with users given the option to 'I'm feeling Zlatan'
Rangers goalkeeper Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban for breaching betting laws. The 35-year-old admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year. The Scottish FA have failed in their attempt to have the punishment increased.
The third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday. Twelve people were killed and 70 were wounded when Holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in Aurora for a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises in July 2012. Holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder. If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. The homeless shelter manager was allegedly killed by a former resident who tried to rape her at gunpoint and shot her as she ran away naked, according to police sources. The 39-year-old lived at the 108-bed center from last June until January. Charle lived in Queens with her two young daughters.
Microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new Windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on Apple or Android phones. The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company, which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps. The tech giant is making its case for Windows 10 before an army of software developers who may be crucial allies in its campaign to build enthusiasm among consumers for the next version of Microsoft's flagship operating system.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria. But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. It uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum. It also has an integrated bag store and charging cord.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America’s shield.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. Tests suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most. Apple has yet to comment on the apparent fault.
The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph. All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days. The planet system was also spotted by the Keck Observatory and the Automatic Photometric Telescope (APT) in Arizona.
Amanjena Resort Amanjena is the first Aman resort on the African continent and is located just outside the ancient city of Marrakech. Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie, Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event, said to be held at the secluded haven. It is not the first time the Beckhams have stayed at the resort, with Victoria and David renewing their vows there in 2004.
Hyperion is one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km)Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken. During the flyby, the probe got more than it bargained for as Hyperion unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 to Muscat. One man decided to move seats because plane wasn't full. A fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him. A row broke out and one man was taken away for questioning.
Arsenal stand to pocket £1.8m if they win the 2014 FA Cup at Wembley Stadium. Aston Villa and Arsenal stand to receive £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round. The FA are prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines.
Machu Picchu was named a 'New Wonder of the World' in 2007. Since 2011, the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO. Now a new master plan has been revealed, calling for the re-conceptualisation of Machu Picchu. Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre and there will be three routes through the site. A staff of certified guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed.
Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit. Called Adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history. The app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly, for example if the runner slows down or speeds up.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECB’s head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. It is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection. Sam Allardyce's future as West Ham boss is in doubt at the same time as a letter regarding the end of his tenure at Blackburn Rovers does the rounds.
England's top three are exceptional players but they are very one-paced, and when the West Indies bowling was so disciplined, that became a problem on the first morning of the first Test. It is OK batting the way England did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss, but they will be exposed against better teams than West Indies, like Australia, if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here. Ian Bell and Joe Root lifted England's run rate and got them out of a hole on day one in Antigua. Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341 for five.
Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA. At Bolton Coroner's Court today, Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths. He said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs.
Tottenham Hotspur sold Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for a world-record £85 million in 2013. Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value. Spurs allowed star performers Dimitar Berbatov and Michael Carrick to join Manchester United.
Testosterone doesn't always get a good press, yet it is at the heart of human life. It has only one basic function - to enable a male to reproduce, and for that it's essential. But it's also important for sexual behaviour in women as it's five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. He wants us to understand his passion for his job.
IDC said Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share. Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier. Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April.
Anderson Silva says he will fight for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The former UFC champion tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Blues' team-mates Loic Remy and Willian. The players took part in Audi's football challenge for the car manufacturers.
Oliver Kahn and Peter Schmeichel star in Tipico's latest advert. Former Manchester United and Bayern Munich goalkeepers come face-to-face once more. In the advert, the duo square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own. The pair teamed up to perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight. The 51-year-old was supported by backing dancers as he dazzled the crowd with the song.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George & the Culture Club's Facebook page. The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday with Keane choosing a song released when he was just three years old.
The USA Freedom Act would end the National Security Agency's controversial collection of American phone records. It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations. The authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it.
Angelika Graswald, 35, of Poughkeepsie, New York, is charged with second-degree murder in the death of her 46-year-old fiance Vincent Viafore. Troopers have said Viafore, of Cornwall-On-Hudson, was kayaking with her on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over. She called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was picked up by a boater. She was arraigned Thursday and ordered held without bail at the Orange County Jail with no bail. Police have yet to find Viafore's body.
Eugenie Bouchard lost 6-3, 6-1 to Lauren Davis at the Family Circle Cup. World No 7 has lost three of her last five matches to lower-ranked opponents.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. Remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs)It reveals distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters on Mercury's surface. The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time.
Sam Burgess has been selected in the back row for Bath against Newcastle. The 26-year-old has featured mainly at centre for Bath since his arrival from South Sydney Rabbitohs. Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the RBS 6 Nations.
Jimmy Anderson is on the brink of becoming England's leading wicket-taker in Tests. The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua. Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while and will be vital in the Ashes.
Chelsea allowed the Premier League trophy to be displayed at Stamford Bridge for the BBC on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen by members of the public. Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating. Leicester Tigers are being provocative with their Rugby World Cup planning at Welford Road.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game in the first-half. The England No 10's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register. Bath full-back Anthony Watson spent 10 minutes in the sin-bin for a reckless aerial challenge on Rob Kearney.
One in every six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change, scientists claim. The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand. Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction, particularly in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem. If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2%. But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16%.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab. When people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji using a hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even if there are posts that have been tagged with it. It is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity. Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly, but it is likely the app is restricting its use under its community guidelines.
Thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after power failure at Clapham Junction station in south-west London. Some 1,200 people on the 7.02am from East Grinstead to Victoria service were evacuated from the train after it was stuck for four hours. Firefighters used a ladder to help them down before they were led along the track to safety.
Zac Efron, 27, was pictured on the set of his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday. FEMAIL thought about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults, and how many haven't. Ryan Gosling, Justin Timberlake, Taylor Lautner, Macaulay Culkin and Joseph Gordon-Levitt all made the list.
Bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over Newcastle at Kingston Park. Ollie Devoto, Semesa Rokoduguni and Matt Banahan scored tries for Bath. Sam Burgess made his first start for Bath in the back row. Bath are now six points behind Premiership leaders Northampton.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year. Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either. A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'Scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain. 'This confirms that it is caused by an altered perception of their own bodies in the brain,' said Professor Olaf Blanke of the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands. Claimed that a wife can only refuse sex if she is menstruating, sick or just given birth. Said there is 'no such thing as rape in marriage' as it is'made up by European people'His comments have horrified many in his home country of Malaysia and beyond.
Laura Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival in Florida. The 21-year-old is nearing a return to the tennis court after a 16-month absence. Her last appearance was over a year ago in the first round of the 2014 Australian Open.
James Corden met David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr in America. The comedian tweeted a picture of the pair with the caption: 'Double Beckhams!' David Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on James Corden's Late Late Show last month.
Sarah Jewell, 25, is still living and breathing, a fact she proved when, after the IRS told her to contact her local Social Security office in Sparta, she walked right in and announced 'I'm alive!' The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014. Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
Pupils were due to travel 68 miles to visit mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of RE trip. But parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and expressed 'grave concerns'Sally Cox, 39, a self-employed cleaner from Lerryn, Cornwall, has blocked her son Jed Pearce, 10, from going. She said: 'I did not want him to go because they are a violent religion and many of them have guns'Christine Trevethen, 47, a housewife, has stopped her 10-year-old daughter Keira going on the visit.
Hollywood-inspired experiment is taking place at a care home in Riverdale, New York. Residents are woken up each morning with a video recording from a loved one to help ease confusion and agitation. The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates, in which Drew Barrymore suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day.
Frank Lampard was pictured walking down King's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley. The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City on loan this season. He will join parent club New York City in July after signing a two-year deal.
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino to be his walk-out music for the richest fight of all time against Floyd Mayweather. The song is dedicated to the Filipino people and includes footage of the devastating Typhoon Haiyan in the video.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. He takes on Fabio Maldonado at UFC 186 in Montreal on Saturday night. The former light-heavyweight champion has been through a stressful fight to make UFC comeback.
Greek researchers created the algorithm, which determines intoxication by looking at the temperature of a person’s face - especially the forehead and nose. They took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine. The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel. They built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy. And they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
The website, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own. It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are. The system works by analysing 27 points on the face. Called face landmarks, they are a series of specifically detailed points on a face.
Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. The cost of a ticket has not yet been announced, but estimates suggest it will be around £130,000 $200,000.
Leeds United lost 2-1 at home to Charlton in the Championship on Saturday. Six players pulled out of the squad, including Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani. Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events.
The Pillars of Creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the Hubble Space Telescope. Now, astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust. The image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua. The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball. Broad admitted he had nightmares after being struck in the face by India's Varun Aaron last summer.
Leeds United lost 2-1 to Charlton in the Championship on Saturday. Six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the game citing injuries. Steve Morison admits he is surprised by the chaos at Elland Road at the moment.
Images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm O'Gorman was 42. Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images. The images are on display at the National Media Museum in Bradford.
Alex Mowatt has impressed in the Championship this season. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several top-flight clubs. Hull City sent scout John Rudge to check on the England U20 international.
Six Leeds players have withdrawn from the squad to face Charlton on Saturday. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani all told head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London. Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Author Martin Fletcher points finger at late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain. The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain, but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan.
Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley are set to reunite for a film of Absolutely Fabulous. Jennifer Saunders plays Edina Monsoon while Lumley plays Patsy Stone. Film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France, or in the Bahamas.
Transport for London (TFL) has revealed that the controversial posters around the London Underground, featuring a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield, are being removed. The sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners. A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures. TFL confirmed that it was pulling the posters down, because they had come to the end of the three-week advertising period.
The FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines. The deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year - but comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, believes she will be executed by the end of the year. She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine. Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed along with six other prisoners by firing squad. Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal.
Emirates are set to sign a three-year deal with the FA Cup to rebrand it the Emirates FA Cup. The deal would see football's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the Emirates Cup. Emirates signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004. Arsenal signed a £100million deal with Emirates in 2004 and a £150m deal with O2 in 2012.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. The middleweight is hoping to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. He is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years after last fighting in the UK.
Andrei Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk set to be released by Zenit St Petersburg. Zenit are eight points clear at the top of the Russian Premier League. Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend their contracts.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday, and had a word with him about the foul language he had been using on the plane. The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach. Hurst then calmly proceeded to grab him by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
Carl Frampton has been offered a huge £1.5m payday to face Scott Quigg. Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion and wants to fight Frampton in Manchester.
Yoshinori Muto says he is still considering a move to Chelsea this summer. The 22-year-old says he wants to join a club where he can 'play and develop'Chelsea have made an offer for Muto believed to be around £4million according to FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR. There was a clamour for Grant Holt to be named in the England squad during his time at Norwich. Austin is different from Holt, whose finest form came towards the end of his career.
Just 32 per cent of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs. Many unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves, report says.
A high-level ministerial briefing reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. Eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death. Peter Gardner and his then-girlfriend, Penrith woman Kalynda Davis, were among those apprehended at Guangzhou Airport in July. Australian citizen Ibrahim Jalloh and his friend Bengali Sherrif were arrested in July over alleged drug crimes. Jockey Anthony Roger Bannister, 43, from Adelaide, was charged with attempting to smuggle 3kg of methamphetamine from Guangzhou to Australia.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, from Alberta, Canada, started exercising in August 2013 in an effort to lessen her depression. The 22-year-old says her back is her favorite part of her body, and she focuses on exercises to strengthen it every Wednesday. After about six months, she started cooking her own meals and choosing to eat healthy food. As of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Chris Hardman, aka Lil Chris, died at his home in Lowestoft, Suffolk, on March 23. The 24-year-old pop star's body was found by a friend at 11.48am, coroner told inquest. Mr Hardman's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression, and was determined to find a cure.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close. Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing.
Amanda Holden, 44, is best known as a judge on Britain's Got Talent. The mother-of-two has two daughters, Alexa, nine, and three-year-old Hollie. Talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences as well as maintaining her youthful appearance.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against West Indies. Cook and Trott have phenomenal Test records and you do not jettison them easily. Cook is mentally one of the strongest cricketers England have ever produced, an incredible fighter and an incredible bloke who has such a burning desire to prove people wrong. Trott was very much in the mould of South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis when he was on form.
Khloe Kardashian posted a photo to Instagram on Monday night as protests turned to riots in Baltimore. While more than 400,000 followers liked it, the post - now deleted - also drew criticism. Some accused her of insincerity, and still more aired shockingly racist feelings.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17. A construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw Filkins outside with items from the home.
Jimmy Anderson and Sir Ian Botham are the leading wicket-takers in England Test history. Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now. Anderson, by contrast, would go unnoticed if he walked into a room. He shuns the limelight — unlike the angry youth we so often see on the field.
Disgraced NBC anchor Brian Williams has threatened to make his departure'really ugly', it has been reported. The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News, according to a source close to the network. He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters on Sunday. The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters. Spieth finished joint-second to Bubba Watson at last year's tournament.
Alistair Brownlee won on his return to the World Triathlon Series. The 27-year-old tripped during the run leg of the race in Cape Town. Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Van Gaal has taken United back to where they wanted to be - into the top four. The Dutchman has breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health.
Angel Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo on his left arm. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Visitor numbers quadrupled after the'spot the fake' challenge at Dulwich picture gallery. A replica of Jean-Honoré Fragonard’s 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica, produced in China and ordered over the internet for £70. It has hung in among 270 Old Master paintings since February 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to spot the fake. Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly.
Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash at the Hive on Saturday. Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute with a header from a set-piece. Barnet won promotion back to the Football League after a two-year absence.
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-0 to secure promotion to League Two. Mauro Vilhete scored a brace as Barnet defeated Gateshead in the play-off final. Manager Martin Allen is currently in his fourth spell in charge of the club.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk dressed up as the superhero at the premiere of the Avengers: Age of Ultron movie. The 28-year-old acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor Lou Ferrigno in The Incredible Hulk television show in the 1970s.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal. The American secured a submission victory over his Japanese opponent. Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado of Brazil to win his first bout since 2011.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao mega-fight. The fight is expected to gross over $300million.
Manuel Pellegrini could be worried about his position at Manchester City after losing against their fierce rivals at Old Trafford. Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back', while Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the fans. City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game.
Toni Duggan says free-scoring England will not fear anyone at this summer's World Cup finals in Canada. The Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in June. England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances but Duggan is convinced they can go further this time.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the Hawthorns on Saturday. Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team. Louis van Gaal should be crowned manager of the year. Manuel Pellegrini must think big or forever remain small.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League, which is enough to qualify for Europa League. Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives of missing out on Europe. Spurs have been linked with Marseille's Florian Thauvin and Dynamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko. Click here for more Tottenham Hotspur news.
Andriy Yarmolenko is a target for Paris Saint-Germain. The French giants are weighing up a £15million move for the Ukraine winger. The 25-year-old is represented by Mino Raiola, who also represents Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Romelu Lukaku.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with Graham Gooch over the past few months. But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it. Cook's greatest asset is his mental strength, and what he needs to do in matches is give himself 20 minutes to get settled.
Tiger Woods teed off on the first tee at Augusta National on Sunday. The former world No 1 was in contention to challenge Jordan Spieth for the title.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko. Spurs have watched the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks ahead of a potential summer swoop. Spurs are also interested in Everton's Kevin Mirallas and Fiorentina's Marcos Alonso. Click here for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news.
Hugo Lloris is a target for Manchester United and PSG. United are considering a move for the France No 1 but Spurs are determined to keep him at White Hart Lane. Tottenham will put a £35million price tag on the keeper to ward of potential suitors. United fear Daniel Levy will play hardball should they pursue their interest.
Monaco host Juventus in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday. Leonardo Jardim's side lost 1-0 to Juventus in Turin in the first leg last week. Dimitar Berbatov believes the French club are within reach of the semi-final.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. The youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the pregnant walk in the background.
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday. Obama was at the Anacostia Library in Washington for a 'virtual field trip' with students to promote White House initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday. Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a possible deal for Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz. Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America. At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab. He then begins singing along himself – loudly so that he is audible above the radio.
Incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India. To try and protect his fellow villagers, the ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon. He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated, dumping the ward to the ground.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. In the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat. He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself. Once he's finished, he politely puts the toilet seats down before running out.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton, Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days. She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for in hospital. Her favorite nurse came to see her and decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair. The nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as Bailey got up and walked towards her.
The video was created by the Make it Fair Project, an all-female team to promote gender equality in the film industry. In the video, Rita Wilson, Meryl Streep's daughter Mamie Gummer, and other actresses sing that it's 'only fair that men should have it all'They also point out that 'only' 88 per cent of box office hits featured a man in the leading role.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, films his unsuspecting friend in a van. The plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass. He then films his friend who sits in the passenger seat and looks at his phone. A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung. It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay. The clip has sparked heated debates on Chinese social media site WeiBo. Some users claim it depicts a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear.
Six children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent. The video was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother's Day and the special bond between mother and child.
Scientists say organic milk contains a third less iodine than normal milk. This could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life, they say. Organic milk industry last night issued swift rebuttal, saying research was out of date.
Shibu Inu and husky feature opposite one another while conversing at an American Kennel Club centre. The two dogs are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound. Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping and barking at one another.
The man can be seen in purple holding a selfie stick at arm’s length. Recording himself from behind, the man begins his descent of the mountain. Weaving down the slope, the snowboarder initially appears to make a success of the video. But he is oblivious to the empty chairlift swinging into view behind him.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on their trikes. Baldwin Street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world's steepest road.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon. But Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. By the grading system of her boyfriend, who didn’t want to be identified, that constitutes an A. 'Well done, Saskia. As a result, I will not be dumping you [lucky you],’ he wrote.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open. Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen. However, he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal on Saturday. The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year. He said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night but was happy with the win.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
The footage was captured at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province. The woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs. She holds the people – who weigh nearly 660lbs – for quite some time before the plank is removed.
Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch on Thursday. The 26-year-old compared his watch to TV character Michael Knight in the hit action show Knight Rider. Ozil is expected to start for Arsenal against Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United. The 25-year-old has made 147 appearances for United and won two Premier League titles. Smalling had been linked with a move to Arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at Old Trafford.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik. The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries' following a collision with another vehicle. If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday. The pair played for New York Cosmos together in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire. South Africa Test captain will play three NatWest T20 Blast and two LV= County Championship matches. New Zealander Martin Guptill has been called up by New Zealand for Test series against England.
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth. He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load.
About 30 drivers live in a parking lot in the SoDo (South of Downtown) area of the city of Seattle, Washington State. John Worden, 52, has been living in his vehicle for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless. Bud Dodson, 57, a maintenance man, looks after the lot in exchange for a spot.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach. The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
Mo Farah will race over 1500m at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix. The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7. The 32-year-old will join Jessica Ennis-Hill and Greg Rutherford at Anniversary Games.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. This enabled them to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation, making it impossible for the machines to carry out a procedure as directed.
Jia Jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that he dug a hole in the garden, intending to reach America by the shortest route. He eventually made the journey by conventional means, and found a good life there. But he wanted to take risks, start his own company. It doesn't matter where it comes from - no one likes being rejected and in each and every case there’s nothing we can do about it.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers. She was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman. Police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin. The two sides have agreed on a compensation amount of 600,000 yuan.
Jimmy Abdou and Magaye Gueye scored in stoppage time for Millwall. Martyn Waghorn was sent off for a senseless kick at Millwall's Dan Harding. Jason Pearce and Ed Upson were also sent off in the closing stages for Wigan.
Benik Afobe scored the winner as Wolves beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium. The Latics had James McClean sent off in injury-time for a second bookable offence. The result leaves Wigan on the verge of relegation after a dreadful season.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, from Coventry, became addicted to Red Bull in 2009. She drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and constantly anxious. Her habit was at its worst when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise. She claims she was cured of her addiction in one 50-minute hypnosis session with hypnotherapist.
Burglars targeted the property in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based. Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour on the same day.
Arsenal need to sign four players this summer if they are to challenge for the Premier League title next season. Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 Premier League season. Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Arsenal have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic but the Austrian is a target for Inter Milan.
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman. But he returned to grab 'a large handful of cash' from the car, witnesses told police. Albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jones on Monday. They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash. Jones handed himself in later the same day, according to reports.
Judge Ronald Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Suge Knight, 49, to stand trial on murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges. The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time. The close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. The striker has scored four goals in four games for the Spanish giants. Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision on Hernandez once the season is over.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Manchester United.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006 with her then husband, Gordon. WEST Brewing Company opened in March 2006 and is one of Britain's most successful small breweries.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old who's represented Fargo since 2002, sent messages and a photo of his penis to a gay man in Bismarck named Dustin Smith. The public official claims his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown Park on Saturday for the last time. McCoy has 4,357 winning memories, including five Kentucky Derbys. McCoy and wife Chanelle will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
Suge Knight laughed in court on Thursday as he revealed he hopes Floyd Mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight. The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. Knight pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli. A relative discovered the bodies on Monday morning and called police.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring. The 51-year-old, dubbed the ‘Dark Destroyer’, has certainly still got what it takes. Benn, who now lives in Australia and works as a charity worker, looked as sharp as ever as he joined in a playful pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym. Benn landed a series of punches, including one that saw Hatton's glove fly off.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire. It is in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean. The current owner, Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions that took place within three hours in Houston. Joshua Medrano, 6, who was a passenger in the sedan, was fatally injured and his mother, Cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones. Several hours earlier, according to police, the 34-year-old man struck and killed a homeless man, Leonard Batiste, 61, walking along Texas 5 Spur near the University of Houston.
The codpieces used in the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert. This is one of a number of inaccuracies spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books. It was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows American audience. Mark Rylance, who played Thomas Cromwell, blamed there diminutive size on a 'directive from our American producers'
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season. The 26-year-old has been on loan at Italian side Fiorentina this season. He is a free agent this summer and will be available on a free transfer. Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are showing an interest.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Paige VanZant faces Felice Herrig at UFC Fight Night in New Jersey on Saturday night. The pair had to be separated during the traditional weigh-in after getting too close during a traditional staredown in Times Square.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. In the letter, Greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake. The 33-year-old said that while she thought the media industry was 'wonderful', there needs to be a 'line' that is never crossed when reporting news.
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig by lop-sided points decision in New Jersey. The 21-year-old is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow. West Ham striker had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February. The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho has come under fire for his side's lack of possession during the game. Chelsea won the game, and they did it in typical Mourinho fashion - by not wanting possession of the football.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Old Trafford after a stuttering start. Van Gaal is a great, and he is a winner, but he needs more than Memphis Depay. United need a quality right back - Nathaniel Clyne has been linked and the Southampton man would be perfect. Luke Shaw has the potential to be an all-time great at United. Mats Hummels of Borussia Dortmund is a player who is perfect for United.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January. The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Champions League winners.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday. Celtic have since written to the Scottish FA about a penalty they didn't get. Celtic are like the brat of a child, over-indulged by parents, and scoffing too many sweets. Scottish football, like an unsafe, stinking high rise on the wrong side of Glasgow, needs wiping out.
Dramatic pictures show a lone lioness bringing down a towering giraffe all by herself. The lioness eventually locked on to the giraffe's throat to kill it. The dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp.
Designs show that the Chevrolet Express - the vehicle used by the Baltimore Police Department - is smooth on the inside of both cage doors. Chevrolet spokesman Michael Albano confirmed to Daily Mail Online that the standard issue Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out. The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death.
Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to the Premier League. The 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by Spain, having started out at Atletico Madrid. Obiang is available for around £6million, having made 84 appearances for Sampdoria.
Labourer Noeleen Foster spotted a phallic cloud on a work break in Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin. The mother of-four said she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works. Ms Foster was alone for the break but she's sure somebody else in the area must have recognised the X-rated cloud.
We've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in national newspapers or glossy magazines in the latter half of the 20th century. With wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from Mad Men about them.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor. Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray. About 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for Gray's death.
Marlon Samuels scored 103 in second Test against England in Antigua. West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League. Phil Simmons is trying to take Tests into five days and once that is achieved then West Indies can move on.
Conor McGregor said he could 'kill' Floyd Mayweather in 30 seconds. Mayweather said McGregor is just trying to gain publicity for his fight. McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11 for the Featherweight title.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex because he liked ‘gummy ladies’He has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. A woman, 47, has claimed Hansen 'grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums to try and get out these wisdom teeth'
31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi. Rapping in Arabic, Volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and surrounded by armed fighters. It is not clear whether Volcano is using the civil war backdrop for effect or if he is involved in the conflict.
Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future. He added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money'
Former Treasurer Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government in an opinion piece in the Daily Telegraph on Tuesday. He slammed the government's tax discussion paper calling for a 'lower, simpler, fairer' system. The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12. Treasurer Joe Hockey was not impressed with the Costello critique, lamenting his Liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the Howard government years.
Teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Wayne County, Michigan, is paid by taxpayers to pursue justice. She said that seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot. Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it, but not before it was recorded and shared.
James Houlder and his girlfriend Vicki Hood booked the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh. But within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea. James, 30, has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), a digestive complaint. Vicki, 22, claims she too has been plagued by sickness including a kidney infection.
Researchers studied stone tools used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era. The discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55st, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital. The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics. Georgia Davis is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Joko Widodo there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved. It's understood he penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision. Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for their work.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia. In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole. Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week. The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million. The Colombia international came close to joining AC Milan in January but the club failed to agree a fee.
Elon Musk has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours. Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall. The 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours, which is around a quarter of a home's daily usage. The system would let homeowners with solar panels or other sources of renewable energy easily store their energy at home.
Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick as the Young Lions squad came from goal down to secure an impressive victory at Seaview. England can only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on, particularly the first hour of it. Cook left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him, but drove when the option arose. Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police, looted stores and burned down buildings and cars. Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Iranian Revolutionary Guards 'harassed' a US-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors. The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz.
Twiggy, 65, shows off her age-defying looks as she models her new range for M&S. Has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season. New designs include a chic denim jacket, floral and feminine print dress and leopard-print trousers.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. QPR travel to face West Brom on Saturday in search of a much-needed three points. Ramsey believes that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand, but for rival design house Givenchy. Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai airport. He was questioned over allegations he wrote a £341,000 cheque which bounced, it has been reported. The cheque was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar, which is part-owned by the Dubai government. Haye has not fought since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012.
Joe Root has bounced back from a difficult Ashes Tour to prove himself as a quality Test batsman. The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card. Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player the captain of the team.
Liverpool's Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on Sunday. The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract offer from the Reds. Liverpool face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon.
Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll was busted in Las Vegas last week. He is accused of trying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or'molly', into a pool area. Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson jumped on the revelations by tweeting to Erin Andrews: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test. Andrews responded by saying: 'He mocking anyone now?'
Scientists are baffled after discovering a rare deep sea oarfish had washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand. The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. Samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri have been dating since 2012. The Danish international tied the knot with the Swedish model last year in a Mauritius beach wedding. The 31-year-old moved to the Premier League in 2010 after signing from Norwegian side Aalesunds.
David Howman, director general of WADA, said this week that he is disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs. Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark but then revealed his attempt to meet him in 2013. Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005.
Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI. The former head of international cycling is unhappy with the CIRC report into the Lance Armstrong doping scandal. The Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling's (CIRC) report concluded that the organisation had colluded with Armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times Tour de France winner had doped.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. He has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association. Vieira's contract at Manchester City is due to expire this summer and he is not prepared to hang around forever.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn United into title contenders. Ilkay Gundogan, Sven Bender and Henrikh Mkhitaryan fit the bill.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas outshone Ozil on Sunday as Chelsea showed why they are ahead of Arsenal this season. The German needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag.
Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September. Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize money from him. Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar. The 36-year-old retired last May after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury. Reports claim he could be set for a lucrative end-of-career spell in Qatar or the United States.
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains when he was injured. He was struck by a falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma. The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him in pain and unable to walk. He decided to perform a procedure to remove the blood clot himself, rubbing snow on his leg as an anaesthetic. He used items in his first aid kit which included a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle.
Rickie Lambert has barely been given a chance since joining Liverpool. Mario Balotelli regularly gets more time on the pitch, and regularly fails to deliver. Lambert should have joined Aston Villa in January but chose to stay at Anfield.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs. It turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras. To accept an incoming call, users would only need to press their ear against the phone. During tests with 12 participants, Bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy.
SsangYong (Korean for 'two dragons') has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very European name - Tivoli - after the stylish Italian town near Rome. It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or 'intelligent' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for men's clothing brand Jacamo. He is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign, filmed in Palma, Majorca. Both Whiteley and Flintoff measure up at just under 6' 4'', which make them ideal poster boys for brand.
Tiny robots are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight. The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece. They are fitted with on-board sensors, including two lasers and a digital camera. Sensors help the Avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention, while avoiding obstacles.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'Roscosmos will try to make contact with the spacecraft tonight as it makes another series of passes over Russian ground stations.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe, and published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane. Her app has 50 recipes in total, the classic top five favourite bars are by far her most popular, according to Gabrielian.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. The Rock 'n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby. The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)It connects to an app on a user’s Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet. The card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis. They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month. The WBA super-middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury. Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night.
Protein World posted controversial poster on London Underground asking: 'Are you beach body ready?' The poster, promoting weight loss, came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed. Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad, and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
Fabio Lavato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local Cineworld in Gloucester. He created a short video that played at the end of the trailers for Fast and Furious 7. The video featured pictures of the couple and the words 'Laura I have a question for you'Fabio then got down on one knee and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend.
Bombardier beetles mix chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in their stomach. When threatened, they can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona. The research, including video footage, not only reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and was home to the University of Akron's football team, the Zips, for 68 years. The stadium hosted 310 UA football contests, 19 preseason Cleveland Browns' games, a regular-season NFL game in 1952 and over 1,500 high school games. Bands like Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin also have played there.
Paul Smith faces Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California. The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title. But it amounts to a huge, albeit daunting, opportunity for the 32-year-old. Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19. But when he finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it. He spent 40 minutes driving through the area of the city surrounding Manchester United's Old Trafford ground before going to a police station to ask for help, but eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home. His car has now been found safe and sound by Adam Coppin from Salford, who read of his plight and decided to use his day off to help.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment. A note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died. In a bid to save their lives, vets decided to put the young dogs with a surrogate cat.
Jimmy Anderson's performance was one of the greatest I have seen from an England cricketer. But the key to England going one-up was the captaincy and batting of Alastair Cook. England must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of nothing.
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out nearly a year ago. Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood told his young winger he will not repeat his mistake. The PFA will look to increase their education to players on the risks of nitrous oxide.
Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him. The 23-year-old was filmed at a section of the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf by his girlfriend’s father Mark Harris. He was running the race to raise funds for the Salvation Army.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer. Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous. It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Kayonna Cole holds her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin. She remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Businessman Leslie Cooper, 36, has appeared in court charged with murdering Abdul Hadi Arwani. Another man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder. Police have searched a community centre and a man's home as part of the investigation.
McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey said it was the 'hardest day of my life'McCoy will be a spectator at the Punchestown Festival this week.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently. But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. The little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path and struggled to regain his balance. Eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud.
Tony McCoy won his 4,000th race at Wetherby on November 7, 2013. McCoy won the 1994-95 CONDITIONAL JOCKEYS CHAMPIONSHIP. He won the apprentice title for jumps jockeys with 74 wins.
The custom-built Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period.
Liam Ridgewell plays for Portland Timbers in the MLS in the United States. The 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
The footage was captured by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It shows the youngster named Jazmine approaching its mother Rozie and clambering over her. The 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile throughout the whole ordeal.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them. Incident happened on Thursday afternoon near Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta. Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw the woman sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck and took her into custody. At one point Christian fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, critically wounding her.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker. It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. It is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
Lacey McCarty, six, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty in a botched murder-suicide in Palm Bay, Florida, on March 20. Lacey and Philip were found unresponsive in the same room at the home and were pronounced dead that night. McCarty was arrested after she called 911 and told police she'd killed her children. Police say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was'sorry for what she had to do'
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. His mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots. She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance. 'When he saw her, he propped himself partially up and cried to her, 'Mommy, Mommy, please come!'
Sandy Lyle, Sandy Lyle and Phil Mickelson also feature in the top 20.
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat. She was raised in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13. Now splits her time between Los Angeles and New York. Has landed campaigns for ASOS, Alexander McQueen, H&M, River Island and Urban Outfitters.
Medical and law enforcement sources told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. It then notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in. Realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak, the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free.
Saige, five, from the US, has been living with her mother for five years. She tells her mother: 'I'm moving on, I'm going to Jenn's!' Unfortunately for her, her mother just laughs at her and says: 'No you're not!'
Shanghai has been home to the Chinese Grand Prix since the inaugural race in 2004. It has been used as a potential title decider late on in the year (2004-2008) or as an early opener (2009-present)The track layout is also a challenging design with a long straight and hairpin turn in.
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix. Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke. Michael Schumacher won the first race in front of Ferrari team-mate Rubens Barrichello.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Kimi Raikkonen finished second with Valtteri Bottas third and Daniel Ricciardo fourth.
Sportsmail count down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Mark O'Meara, Billy Joe Patton, Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo also feature.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix from Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg. Hamilton is now 13 points clear at the top of the Formula One drivers' championship.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad for the clash against Ireland. The Surrey spin-bowling all-rounder graduated from Cambridge with a double first in politics and sociology. He is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the American south.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game against Schalke. The Denmark international turned up late for training on Friday. The 27-year-old has only scored once in 16 league appearances for Wolfsburg this season.
Incident took place at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo yesterday. Little girl can be seen beating her chest at a gorilla, separated by a pane of glass. But the gorilla decides enough is enough, and runs at the onlookers.
Bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium. The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand. Manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the Centenary Stand on Friday afternoon. The new gingham design, presented to supporters at Anfield on Friday, is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance.
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 campaign. New Balance have taken over from Warrior to produce the strip for the Merseyside club. It ends three seasons of the club having their kit manufactured by Warrior.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US. The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days. There is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early.
West Ham have announced a five-year kit deal with Umbro. Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s. West Ham last wore an Umbro strip between 2007 and 2010 but have a long affiliation with the brand.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday afternoon. Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month before revealing a further £34m is sat in the bank. At least 10,000 fans stayed away from the club's last home game against Spurs last Sunday. AshleyOut.com are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' this weekend.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven. The trick works because: 'The water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust'
Manchester United have confirmed plans to revisit the USA on pre-season this summer. Louis van Gaal's side will play Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG. United will play once again in the International Champions' Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer.
Ben Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test against West Indies. But Stokes responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores. England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July. Blues will play PSG in North Carolina on July 25 and New York Red Bulls on July 22. Manchester United, LA Galaxy, Porto and San Jose Earthquakes are also involved. Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League ahead of Arsenal.
Analysis of popular search terms on Google has revealed the areas that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases. By far, the most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)In the US, Mississippi came out as the capital for gonorrhea, syphilis and chlamydia searches. New York was found to be the hotspot for searches about HPV while the District of Columbia was the area that searched most for information about HIV/AIDS.
Kaka knelt in the centre circle after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007. He was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement 'I Belong to Jesus'I can't remember anyone saying his gesture was an affront to public decency. Daniel Sturridge, the Liverpool forward, talks openly about giving the glory for his deeds to God.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. If Ramsey is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to be the richest fight of all time. Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight. Mayweather has just spent $300,000 on yet another vehicle, according to his favourite website TMZ.
Pattie Boyd married property developer Rod Weston at Chelsea Registry Office, Chelsea Old Town Hall, in London. The 70-year-old model, photographer and author was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past.
Raheem Sterling gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday, giving his opinion on a variety of matters. Brendan Rodgers called the interview 'a mistake' and shakes hands with his protege the day after its airing. Sterling's character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything.
Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan instead of treading water against Frankie Gavin, if only his promoter had minded his words, says Khan's father Shah. Brook will be defending his world welterweight title against Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20. Khan has taken flak for lining up Chris Algieri for his next fight, after the New Yorker was decked six times en route to an embarrassing, embarrassing defeat.
Floyd Mayweather Jr takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Mayweather is the undisputed world champion and a brilliant performer in the ring. He has fought Diego Corrales, Jose Luis Castillo, Arturo Gatti, Sharmba Mitchell, Oscar de la Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Juan Manuel Marquez, Shane Mosley and Miguel Cotto and won titles at five different weights.
Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. Anderson 'wouldn't say boo to a goose' says his old county captain Warren Hegg.
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career, says Martin Keown. The 34-year-old defender's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority of the season. Chelsea kept a clean sheet against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Martin Keown believes Arsene Wenger can not be underestimated against Jose Mourinho. Mourinho has a brilliant record against Wenger and has never lost to the Gunners.
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea. United have maintained an interest in the Germany international since failing to sign him in August 2013. Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea later on Wednesday of whether he will be able to join Inter Milan. Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions this week about the possibility of a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Paul Pogba and his representatives met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday. PSG striker Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday. Sevilla are weighing up a move for Manchester City's 29-year-old winger Jesus Navas. Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh-in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles. Wladimir Klitschko admits he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 to reach this year's FA Cup final. Tim Sherwood has invigorated the side and has improved their performances. Martin Keown joined Villa in 1986 because of the club's rich history and tradition.
Ander Herrera's form at Manchester United has not gone unnoticed by Barcelona. The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi. Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend as they played out a 1-1 draw with Sporting Lisbon. City want the best English players as they look to boost their home grown quota.
La Roja's identity has been eroded by the passage of time. The transition from excellent to elderly is never fun. The likes of Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over. It is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes, David Villa and Fernando Torres.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night. Marseille have not had this many points in Ligue 1 at this stage since winning the title back in 2010. PSG have won seven of their last eight Classique matches and have scored 21 and 26 goals more than last two seasons respectively.
Manuel Pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job at Manchester City. Patrick Vieira could be next in line to take charge at the Etihad Stadium. Vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win, says Martin Keown.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. Aston Villa starlet has a big future but he has to make the right choices, not the front.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots. Steve Davis failed in his bid to qualify for the World Championships at the age of 57. Alastair Cook's struggles with the bat have continued in England's first Test against the West Indies.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea in the Premier League at the Emirates. Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho were both given their own live hero shots by Sky Sports.
Jack Wilshere has not featured for Arsenal since November 22 against Manchester United. Midfielder is on the list of Txiki Begiristain, City’s director of football, to be sold at the end of the season. Manchester City have snapped up several players from Arsenal in recent times, with varying degrees of success.
England netball coach Tracey Neville is now in charge of the national team. Kevin Sinfield has all his dental work done without anaesthetic ‘because it’s quicker’Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan are ninth in Serie A and the Italian press have called for him to destroy his squad and rebuild it. Rickie Fowler will bid to break his major duck at the US Masters.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence. Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood. Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid play football on the very edge of the rules. Sam Tomkins is heading back to Wigan from New Zealand Warriors. Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa.
Carlo Ancelotti guided Real Madrid to their 10th European Cup triumph last year. Real have lost to Atletico Madrid four times in a season, including 4-0 at the Calderon stadium in February. The club have also lost all three home 'derbis' by a 7-0 aggregate this term.
Oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January. The Brazilian has failed to start or finish 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games. Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before, by Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool. Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend the former Tottenham boss. Ian Darke had one of those moments all the men behind the lip mics dream of.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain. The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy.
Wembley Stadium was a great setting for this weekend's two FA Cup semi-final clashes. Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 to reach the FA Cup final, while Liverpool beat Liverpool 2-0.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. Ian Poulter, world No 3 Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play in the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth next month.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City. Real Madrid are also interested in Borussia Dortmund's Marco Reus and Javier Hernandez. Carlo Ancelotti has said he wants the Welshman to stay at the Bernabeu.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Gary Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go. Neville analysed the goal by saying: 'Smalling has scored. It's a mauling for City'He was also quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. The 21-year-old was crowned Masters champion for the first time on the PGA Tour. Spieth made a fistpump after making a birdie putt on the third green on the final day.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Raheem Sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old. Bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his signing would restrict clubs under FFP guidelines. Bale may not agree to a return to any of the three Premier League clubs who can afford him. Liverpool have been linked with a move for Arsenal's Theo Walcott.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015. Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. Rory McIlroy practised at the other end of the day.
Raheem Sterling could force his way out of Liverpool this summer. The 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current deal. The effect of that would see the fee Liverpool could command for the forward dramatically reduce. It is understood Liverpool value Sterling as high as £50million.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton in China. Rosberg blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as Sebastian Vettel closed in. Hamilton is an extraordinary racer, maybe utterly unbeatable. Max Verstappen showed he has what it takes.
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his half time actions while speaking on Sky Sports.
Arsenal beat Reading 3-2 in the FA Cup semi-finals last Saturday. Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Eden Hazard is the hot favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award. Manchester United's David de Gea and Tottenham's Harry Kane are also in the running. Chelsea captain John Terry revealed his nomination for the award was Philippe Coutinho. John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea.
Bournemouth beat Bolton 3-0 to seal promotion to the Premier League on Monday night. Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe is the man who has got the club buzzing. He has a good eye for talent, makes big calls, plays young players, is forward-thinking, ambitious and looks the part - he is a chairman's dream.
Michael Owen was the new kid on the block in the Premier League in 1998. Owen scored a hat-trick against Sheffield Wednesday in a 3-3 draw on February 14, 1998. Kane has matched Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season for PSV Eindhoven. The 21-year-old is the Eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20, without even being PSV's main forward. Depay is understood to have held a meeting in Manchester as he nears his £25m move to Old Trafford.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini is now United’s go-to guy and Chris Smalling has improved. James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season and he scored this weekend.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch. Delph is quick and has a languid style similar to former Liverpool and England star Steve McManaman. Steven Gerrard will be devastated not to make the final but for the club's sake, not his.
Alexis Sanchez, Jermain Defoe and Charlie Adam are among the top five Premier League goals of the weekend. Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five and explains why they made his list.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. The Barnet manager believes it’s always important to have all your players going in One Direction. John Terry works hard to ensure everybody at Chelsea is heading in the same direction.
Scott Quigg has offered Carl Frampton £1.5m to fight on July 18 at Manchester Arena. Promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for the fight live on television on Tuesday. Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring with an appearance on May 30 at the O2 Arena.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke and Martin Skrtel will have their hands full trying to stop the striker. Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson are set for a midfield battle at Wembley.
Martin Skrtel misses the trip to Arsenal after getting a three-game ban for stamping on David de Gea. Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace the defender. Per Mertesacker is expected to line-up in defence for the Gunners.
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for Bath on Friday night. Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow. Burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique under scrutiny.
Michael Carrick has been ignored by England for so long. The Manchester United midfielder has been unappreciated in this country. Carrick keeps the game simple, which is exactly what England need, says Paul Scholes. The 34-year-old is not as mobile, he doesn't grab games in the same way and he certainly doesn't tackle like Keane.
Mesut Ozil is worth paying to watch when at his best. Eden Hazard is the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week. James DeGale has emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina. Oscar was left with a possible concussion and replaced at half time. Cesc Fabregas was booked after appearing to kick his leg out.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. He will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier to be replayed. FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier. Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg. Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace’s first goal (2), but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade. If Roy Hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell, for example, are top-class performers for Toulon and if England lose to Australia with those two playing out of their skins, you know exactly what the headlines will be. It's simply wrong to say England are best served by players at English clubs.
Nick Abendanon was outstanding for Clermont Auvergne last weekend against Saracens. The 'exceptional' clause has continued to heap pressure on Stuart Lancaster and his coaching staff. Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems. Sam Burgess’s conversion to rugby union will take an intriguing twist on Friday night.
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes at Cheltenham. The 19-time champion jockey is bidding for a dream end to his career. The horse is owned by his boss JP McManus and is ridden by a Grand National winning jockey.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent Premier League campaigns. Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21, but there are no signs of fear in their games.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham this weekend. Aston Villa boss is a passionate man but he can’t afford to let things get personal. He did a good job at Tottenham but was still not trusted with the job long-term. He has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season.
Tony McCoy announced his retirement in February. The 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland. McCoy says he owes it to his family to go out at the top.
Leicester face Burnley on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday. The Foxes are seven points clear of the relegation zone after three successive victories. Nigel Pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad. QPR and Burnley have shown fantastic spirit in their relegation battles. Sunderland and Hull look paralysed by fear.
Ulster confirmed the signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau this week. The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast. Wasps players were incensed by the three-game ban handed to their No 8, Nathan Hughes, for the collision which left George North unconscious last Friday night. Nathan Hughes was clumsy, but no more, by failing to move in time to prevent his knee striking the head of the Lions wing, as he scored a try.
AP McCoy was presented with the Champion Jockey trophy at Sandown Park. The 40-year-old was joined by his wife Channelle, daughter Eve and son Archie. McCoy finished third in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park in Oregon. Former Real Madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international Cyle Larin were on the scoresheet. Kaka doubled Orlando's lead with a second-half penalty.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice. The young British athlete says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment. Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year with a number of injuries. The Road to Rio cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries. James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
McCoy has two rides at Sandown on Saturday before he retires from professional racing. McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase on Saturday.
Arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years. Bournemouth were promoted to the Premier League on Monday after a 1-0 win over Bolton. Arsenal have theoretically started each season since 1915/16 at the top of the table.
McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey was reduced to tears as he left Sandown Park. McCoy said: 'Someone will break my records. All records are broken. I just hope I am dead when they do'
AP McCoy will be presented with his 20th and final champion jockey’s trophy at Sandown on Saturday. McCoy left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey's life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny. Claire McCoy says seeing 'Anthony' leave left her 'heartbroken'
McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday's Sandown farewell. The 20-time Champion Jockey will ride his last two races at Sandown racecourse on Saturday.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala. Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG are all interested.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers, in more ways than one. Samantha and Justine marched out in almost identical uniforms; dark slacks and blazers, paired with crisp shirts and sensible shoes. Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London.
Plane made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima Airport in Japan. There were 74 passengers and seven crew on board Asiana Airlines flight OZ162. Plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway.
Olivier Giroud admits he gets 'p*****' with people talking about his appearance. The Arsenal forward believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season. Giroud believes Arsenal will continue to improve and challenge Chelsea for the title next year.
RBS put aside £856m to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided, including an extra £334m for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks.
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this year. The Gunners had earned eight successive Premier League victories before the 0-0 draw against Chelsea. Walcott has struggled to maintain a first team place under Arsene Wenger this season.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. Gunners legend Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the title. Francis Coquelin has defended Olivier Giroud after criticism from Henry.
Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help Fiorentina qualify for the Europa League semi-finals. Jeremain Lens was sent off for Dynamo Kiev shortly before the interval for an apparent dive inside the penalty area. Substitute Juan Vargas put the result beyond doubt when he ran down the left wing before smashing the ball past Oleksandr Shovkovskiy.
Dame Sally Davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition. Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes deformities such as bowed legs and a curvature of the spine. The disease, a scourge of Victorian Britain, was virtually eradicated after the Second World War. But it is returning as more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games.
Manchester City are interested in signing Jack Wilshere from Arsenal. Arsene Wenger says the Gunners are not in a position where they have to sell their best players. The 23-year-old has been out of action since November with an ankle injury.
Bolivia’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards and preserving the trackways so that dinosaur tracks are seen on a vertical 'wall'The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs. The attraction, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints.
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on Instagram. The 22-year-old is currently training with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move. Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January, but a delay in squad registration means he is unable to make his debut until next season.
The snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town with cats like Mouse around.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. The study found that prices that end in '00' as above are more likely to sell quickly, but may not attract the most lucrative counter offers from sellers. Most trades on the site are listed for a ‘Buy it now’ price and the seller can give buyers the option of making an alternative offer.
Yevhen Shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection. The Ukrainian's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week's goalless draw in Belgium. The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the stalemate.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the Sewol. Sentence increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people. Most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip.
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night. Lindy Klim, former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses. The brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models.
Sevilla beat Zenit 2-1 on aggregate to reach the Europa League last four. Substitute Kevin Gameiro scored a late equaliser to send the tie to extra time. Zenit keeper Beto had looked to have cost his side their progress after conceding two soft goals.
Palaeontologists in China say the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. The strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist. Scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi qi, may have glided or even flown through the air.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014. Finland, Germany, Sweden, the UK and the US, in first position, who are able to access 174 countries. Afghanistan (ranked at 94 and able to visit 28 countries), Iraq, (able to visit 31 countries), Pakistan and Somalia.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime. The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia. It is a fierce enemy of both ISIS and Jabhat Al-Nusra but embraces independent rebel forces and 'non-Jihadi' units.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final. World No 1 won the final 10 games in straight sets to claim her third straight title. Williams dedicated the title to her father and paid tribute to her Spanish opponent.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look.
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during the peak of last summer's violence. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. Not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous. Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew beginning on Tuesday.
Huge wolf spider scuttles across a kitchen floor in Hallett Cove, South Australia. House owner smacks it over the head with a broom to get rid of the hairy beast. But to his surprise after smashing the female spider a few times with the broom hundreds of babies appear. After giving the spider some more whacks for good measure, the man was heard saying: 'It's dead'
Puffin spotted swimming in Grand Union canal after apparently flying into London. The confused bird was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford, close to the Thames. The distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident.
Barcelona beat PSG 5-1 on aggregate to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona on the quarter hour of the first leg at the Nou Camp. David Luiz was also booked inside the first five minutes for a foul on Andres Iniesta.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell are accused of torture and child abuse. Charlie, now 13, was found in the basement of his family's Detroit townhouse last June. On Tuesday, he testified against his father and stepmother. He said his home was a'very terrible' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe. He revealed his treatment was so horrific, he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off on Sunday. Williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in Fed Cup for her career.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow. Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011. Jimi Manuwa made a successful return to the Octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing Jan Blachowicz.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria in the second round. The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world No 85 Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells. The rising star took her own advice to'relax more' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends.
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3. Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets.
A newborn baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can outside an Ohio sorority house last week. It has now emerged the baby was born alive and then suffocated, according to the coroner. The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name. It is the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at Muskingum University.
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home. He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
Serena Williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015. The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable. The 33-year-old was taken the distance by world No 2 Simona Halep in the semi finals in Florida.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil area. Doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered. News comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province.
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday night. Gloucester face Edinburgh in the final of the European Challenge Cup in London. The 25-year-old scored a sensational first international try against New Zealand last November. May was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in England's win over Italy.
Serena Williams defeated Camila Giorgi 7-6, 6-2 on the clay in Brindisi, Italy. World No 1 Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup. The winner returns to the World Group and can compete for the Fed Cup trophy next year.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia in straight sets to go 3-0 up. The Czech Republic will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Finnish navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades. Comes just months after Sweden suspected Russia of sending a vessel into waters close to Stockholm.
Harry Kane and Frank Lampard both nominated for Player of the Year and Young Player of Year. Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Manchester United's David de Gea also nominated for both awards. Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea was joined by Manchester United team-mates Ashley Young and Wayne Rooney.
The 29-minute video, titled 'Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence', shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive, thought to be in the south and the west of the country. At least 16 men, described by Islamic State as the 'followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church', are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded. It raises fears that ISIS is consolidating its presence on the 'doorstep of Europe', as Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy.
500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow. Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out. The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after reports the emergency was already over.
Bolton beat Cardiff 3-0 at the Cardiff City Stadium. Craig Davies bagged a brace after Eidur Gudjohnsen put the Trotters in front. Emile Heskey provided two assists for Neil Lennon's side. Bolton now have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal in Monte Carlo Masters semi-final. World No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row. Tomas Berdych beat Gael Monfils to reach the final for the first time in his career.
James Hook says it would be a 'bonus' if Wales call him up for this summer's World Cup. The Gloucester fly-half has won 77 caps for Wales but has made just two starts for the national side. The 29-year-old will hope to showcase his ability in Friday's European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
Graphic images show man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded. He kneels on the floor, surrounded by men with guns as executioner holds a meat cleaver. The man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an alleged 'blasphemer'
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles. Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month. One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped, according to the Herald Sun. Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments near Grand Valley State University in Michigan. One of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Olavsvern Naval Base is a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near town of Tromsoe. Three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway. It was once a heavily guarded military facility but has been closed since 2009. Norway's former vice admiral said shutting down the base was 'pure madness'Experts say their submarines now have to travel hundreds of extra miles to protect region.
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues. Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name 'Skydevil', it has emerged. Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'Lubitz perished in the crash alongside all those on board after locking his co-pilot out of cockpit.
Harriet Arkell tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter. Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them, possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic. But she compromised, saying they could only be sold on Good Friday, at Christmas and for burials. Nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers. From miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon.
Insurers are dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women. Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system. He found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers, which are female-dominated roles. But insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who are likely to be male.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall. Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m.Good says that when she was ordered to pull over, she put on her emergency flashers, and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence.
EE shops will give away free portable chargers to revive phones. Chargers will be free to EE customers, and other smartphone owners can pay a £20 fee.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. This simulation shows how the outflow of material from the star has dramatically expanded as it takes shape. The star is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun, although it is masked by a black cloud of space dust. The dramatic changes are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop into fully-fledged stars.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain well into adulthood, a new study has warned. This is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA. This, in turn, can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday. A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own. Sen. Bob Menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation during the NFL offseason. On his April 1 prank bodycast pic on Wednesday, he wrote: 'Jordan's crossover no joke!'
Starbucks ran its European division - including the UK - through the Netherlands. But it paid just £1.9million in tax to the Dutch government, from a reported £300million profit. It is now claimed the company may have used a British company to put hefty sums into the UK.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims. Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq, brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. The complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th, 77th, and 79th fighter squadrons of the Air Force.
Dodge Durango hurtled at 60 mph towards the school bus on an Oklahoma highway at 8.20am on Monday. Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction. Five pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 treated at the scene. The driver of the SUV, a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage.
Steven Allison, 37, from Idle, West Yorkshire, had been on the run for a year. He was supposed to be lying low in Sydney, where he found work as a labourer and handyman. But he couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 Facebook friends. He posted pictures of his former life in Yorkshire and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle.
Artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created a moving new art installation in tribute. Over 50 families, all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos exposure, have contributed heartfelt messages to the installation.
Ukip source revealed the party had planned for Farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis. But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Thomas Brock, 30, was killed at his home in Pasadena, California, on Monday night. Police say he was involved in a road rage incident with another motorist. The two had a fist fight before the alleged killer returned with a gun, police say. Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery. The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Celebrity chef's Fat Duck and Dinner by Heston Blumenthal both made it into top 100. Alinea, run by the uber-talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown for the fourth year running as best restaurant in the world.
Dan Bilzerian was forced into making the short film in order to avoid jail after being accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them. Film shows him speaking from behind a desk in his home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder, an action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting. He says: 'As an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules'
Teachers are having to use Google Translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children. Teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils speaking up to 300 languages. They also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers.
Images show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo. The food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States. ISIS considers it so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
Kyle Knox, 23, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands. He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. Police Scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion'It takes effect July 1. The procedure is banned except when necessary to save a woman's life or prevent irreversible damage to her physical health. There is no exception in the law for incest or victims of rape.
Boris Johnson set out his vision of'moral purpose' in business and politics. London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment and not returning to dole queues. He said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' of the government.
Hagrid the lamb was born on a farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire. The Suffolk Cross is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK at 25lbs. The animal was born naturally on Tuesday and his mother is in remarkably good condition.
Lorraine Bracco, 60, revealed that she turned down the role of Carmela Soprano in The Sopranos because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas, nine years previously. The Oscar nominated actress was originally asked by show creator David Chase to play Dr. Jennifer Melfi, Tony Soprano's psychiatrist. Bracco said she convinced Chase to cast Edie Falco instead.
Anthony Horowitz said books by David Walliams are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough. The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out the comedian's Gangsta Granny for criticism. He said such writers should challenge their young readers and not be ‘afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas’
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force. Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn. The New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred in the West Village.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013. People who sought to have the explicit images taken down were directed to changemyreputation.com.
Octavia Spencer shocked and angered hundreds of fans at a recent book signing, acting like an 'ungrateful b****,' say eyewitnesses who were so incensed with the actress's behavior they stormed out and demanded refunds. The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
Monica Lewinsky would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online. Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines. Barbara Walters has always believed Monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion.
Shadow chancellor claims voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under coalition. But Prime Minister hailed today as'money-back Monday' with tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters' wallets. Mr Cameron has claimed that Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'But Balls predicted a Conservative government would hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax.
John Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography. Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia. He has said of his photography 'I am self taught. Funnily enough, I failed art in school'
Sen. Rand Paul will announce his candidacy for president on April 7 in Louisville, Kentucky. The Kentucky Republican will launch his campaign Tuesday morning with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream'Paul's father, Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans. Paul has taken heat in recent days from libertarians for softening some of the principled stands thad have defined his brand since Kentuckians sent him to Washington.
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol. They found a small horse standing on muddy ground in a narrow alleyway just over a metre wide. The other was chained to the ground, with little room to move. The animals are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house for a month.
Two-bedroom property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in 1915. Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property. They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when their parents died. But Freda died last December, aged 99, and younger family members have now moved away. Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is now selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment. Investigators found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23 that included medical treatment, suicide methods and cockpit doors. The 27-year-old was also prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide. Investigators believe Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on Monday. The Miami-Dade State Attorney's Office confirmed that another man, 19-year-old Anthony Rodriguez, was charged with second-degree murder and marijuana possession with intent to sell.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claims Ed Miliband is'so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from the Scottish Nationalists. Miliband says the Conservative campaign has 'descended into the gutter' and David Cameron'should be ashamed'Tories pledge to build a £100billion fleet of four new submarines to replace existing fleet.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013. Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29. The defense team is expected to wrap up quickly next week before the jury delivers a verdict.
George Osborne says Ed Balls and Ed Miliband have 'form' on rising taxes. He said: 'Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have done it all before – and they would do it all again'Cameron says there is just one month to save Britain from the 'disaster' of a Miliband government. He says voters would pay a 'heavy price' for a Labour government which would be 'looking in your payslip'
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side. He was rescued from shark infested waters at Burdan's Gate, Eastbourne, about 10.30pm on Monday by two teenage girls after they heard his screams for help. Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to undress the fastest and swim 70 metres out to sea to rescue the man. Mr Palani’s identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave teenagers so police decided to post a picture of the him on news websites.
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The coalition now controls the country's ports and air space. UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her beloved dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull. The ten-year-old Lhasa Apso had surgery to remove her spleen due to a suspected tumour. The operation, carried out three weeks ago, was successful but when Marina returned home she noticed bruising on the dog's back. She asked the vet about it, who told her it was from the operation. Not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion, when the burns were discovered.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction. Festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses. Spectators can buy lollies, sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia.
Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity. Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked, with many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications. The biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion as customers as young as 23 try to cash in their savings.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, Smita Haval, and their two young sons, Arnav, 10 and Arush, 6, in separate rooms at their Tulsa home, police said. The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought, authorities said.
Prime Minister visited Sacred Heart RC primary school near Bolton, Lancashire. He wants to see children who get poor SATs results forced to resit them in secondary school. The resit plan would see 100,000 pupils taking a new test in English and maths during their first year after leaving primary school. Labour's shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt dismissed the proposal as 'desperate'
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of profits between 2011 and 2014. Bill driven by payment protection insurance scandal, with banks setting aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers. Another £2.3billion earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Samantha Cameron says family often tease the Prime Minister over breakfast. She said: 'They take the mick all day long'Mr Cameron was filmed at home with his family for ITV profile due to be aired tonight.
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines. Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) are visible from further away. Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia. Analysis shows the holes are teeth marks, and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed. Findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow-witted creatures they are often portrayed as.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair. The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. Picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has gone viral.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth. Complications include uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence. Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, but far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)NLG is the process of producing readable texts in English, or other languages, automatically on a computer. If the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the MailOnline's website.
Jennifer Drew has saved £17,000 over three years by searching for deals and coupons. The 31-year-old has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a room of her house. She estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to buy a week's worth of food for 29p.
Self-made multi-millionaire bought Glasgow property off-plan in Park Circus area in 2011. She paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013. It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million. It is understood she will move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, where she and Michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband.
Protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall, and called for others to join them. It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'But banners bearing messages such as 'better squat than let homes rot' and'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from Grade-I listed building.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club but was benched first two tournaments of the season and was told her skills were not up to par to compete with her team. She along with her family have filed a lawsuit against the league, Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association, seeking for Audrey to transfer teams. The lawsuit seeks to let Audrey transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees.
Denise Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents' home. Huskins' boyfriend Aaron Quinn, 30, was with her at the time she was allegedly kidnapped but waited 12 hours to call police - which is why he did not call authorities for 12 hours. The kidnappers claim they drilled holes in the window of Huskins and Quinn's home to gain entry, and then used squirt guns with'strobe flashlights and laser pointers' attached to them to make it appear as if they were firearms. This comes just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Prime Minister David Cameron, of the Conservatives, narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for Britain. But pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or Miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition after votes are cast. Cameron was hailed as statesmanlike in the debate as he tries to edge out Miliband.
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain after being dragged behind a car in Casula, south-west of Sydney on September 7, 2014. One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved. One of her alleged attackers, 18-year-old Basher Hawchar, was supposed to front court on Wednesday but instead sent legal representation, dealing the victim of the senseless crime another blow.
Gen Nakatani responded to questions from an MP about potential alien invasions. He said there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace, and no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way. The nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama, when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog. A third person suddenly started shooting at the animal, but stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks. The bullet narrowly missed Danel's liver and he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to save his life.
Lady Penelope and her faithful chauffeur Aloysius Parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015. Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike. She has lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent.
One of the most widespread 'food rules' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth. The five-second rule, which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts, is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be. Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole today, 39 years after hijacking a school bus full of children and burying them alive in infamous caper inspired by the film Dirty Harry. Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom. The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Saturday Night Live skit parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom. It turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for stories they were covering. But the ingenious producers managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash, U.S.-Iran diplomacy, and domestic politics.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect. Plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel Westward Ho! in Folkestone, Kent. He hopes to attract guests from the gay and swinging communities.
Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for £100. But he is now demanding the decorated door is returned after being told of its true value. Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year, leaving behind four murals. One of the paintings, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on the last remaining part of a two-story house.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. The 11-year-old, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday. He may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide, according to his family.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate's courtroom Wednesday. Allegheny County prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors. Prosecutors allege Alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with the girl.
The 18-year-old, who goes by the name of Dark.Cyanide, climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings, without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges. Many of the images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users. Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students. The crimes included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor, six counts of statutory rape and three counts of distributing pornographic material to a child. Hansen made an emotional plea to the victims' parents and said: 'I'm not a monster. I made bad choices in life and for that I'm truly, truly sorry'Parents of the victims were disappointed that the judge approved Hansen's plea agreement, as she could have faced 13 years in prison if convicted at trial.
Sydney, Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart were also predicted to miss out due to bad weather conditions. Melbourne and Adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the 'blood moon' as it lit up the sky. The event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras. A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia. He survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica features removable cookies (light foam pads) to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph. Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection in a new set of images.
Chloe the wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow at Taronga Zoo in Sydney. She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas who don't seem as eager to snuggle as she is. She has become keeper Evelyn Weston's little helper and follows her around the zoo. The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago.
ABC is filming a pilot episode of The Muppets Show, in the hopes of bringing the beloved variety show back to the small screen. The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival. Will see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
Marylin Stoneman, 64, admitted stealing £22,650 from her 98-year-old victim. She had been entrusted with his financial affairs after he went into care at Cedar House, Rothley. But she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit. She was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work at Leicester Crown Court.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker labelled Ukip leader Nigel Farage a 'd***'Mr Farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders after his controversial comments. He claimed that people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment. It was the first time leaders of seven largest parties had gone head-to-head in a televised debate.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm. Four people were arrested, and will be charged in due course.
Bowe Bergdahl, the U.S. Army Sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years was found to have be 'going over to the other side with a deliberate plan,' according to a former military intelligence officer. Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation into his activities. The investigation reportedly included a forensic review of his computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan.
The EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent. If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance. Shopping, comparison and travel companies are among those that have been contacted by the EU.
The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2 was a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013. The Let's Move! Initiative is an anti-childhood obesity campaign that Michelle first launched in 2010.
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts, was defaced with black and green paint. The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday. Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their Fall River home in 1892. She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online. The identity of over 4,726 individuals, who shared the content online using peer-to peer sharing network BitTorrent, will be provided to the copyright holder. This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses. Internet companies iiNet, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night and will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. Pastor John Hagee told The Mirror that the sight suggests a world-changing event will take place, as predicted in the Bible.
Health minister Marisol Touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040. Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution'
Research from NASUWT union shows majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils. Some 82 per cent of 3,500 members polled were verbally abused in the last 12 months. This is up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year. Some 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil, up ten percentage points.
Eggs were created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. The creations take their inspiration from the iconic Russian eggs created by jeweller Peter Carl Faberge which were famously gifted to figures including the Tsars.
Maxwell Morton, 16, of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, has been charged with first-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a minor. He is accused of shooting 16-year-old Ryan Mangan in the face February 4 at Mangan's home. Morton's lawyer, Patrick Thomassey, doesn't deny that the killing was an accident. He says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye. Thomassey says Morton panicked and took the selfie to send to a friend via Snapchat as 'proof' after the friend refused to believe what happened.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh. He pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court in March to the attack. Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home.
Big Brother star and glamour model Casey Batchelor has unveiled her summer collection with Honeyz.com in full. The collection is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses. Was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks.
Kecil the baby orangutan had a tough start to life after his natural mother and a surrogate mother both rejected him. He was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate, but she did not form a bond with him either. Zookeepers were nervous that Maggie, 53, would reject Kecil after raising four of her own children and another surrogate which was given to her in 2002.
Six hostages who hid in a freezer during the Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location. Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces.
Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca Cousins, 15. He was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years. Police are investigating whether her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister, Carla, were ever registered. It is also alleged that they did not attend school. Mr Cousins, originally from Thurrock, Essex, is managing director of the Hong Kong arm of international insurance broking firm Jardine Lloyd Thompson.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, went to the Vishwamitri River, 40 kilometres from Vadodara, in west India, to wash clothes. Her 19-year-old daughter Kanta suffered a leg injury after the crocodile grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river. Her mother grabbed her hand to try and pull her free from the clutches of the 13ft crocodile. But the mugger crocodile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter with its razor-sharp teeth.
Syed Viqaruddin - who had links to a network of feared terrorist groups - is understood to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area, claiming he needed a toilet break. But when the bus stopped at about 10am, another prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'Just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was hurt, and the bodies were taken for autopsies.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych in straight sets to reach Miami Open final. The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after beating John Isner. Murray beat the Czech world No 4 6-4, 6-4 in an hour and 42 minutes. The 27-year-old is through to his first Masters 1000 final since winning the title in Florida in 2013.
Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card. Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex. The bar manager also told police the woman was 'extremely intoxicated'
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg against Saracens in January. Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup. The 26-year-old last featured for England during their victory against Australia in November.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was beaten to a pulp by the boy's father after he walked in on him performing a sexual act on his son at his home in Daytona Beach, Florida, last July. Frolander showed little emotion as he agreed to a plea deal in a bid to avoid a mandatory life sentence on Thursday. He pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12. As part of the deal, Frolander will be listed as a sexual predator, be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his release.
The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh were at Sheffield Cathedral for traditional ceremony. Royal Maundy Service is one of the UK's oldest royal customs and sees the monarch distribute alms in the shape of two purses of specially minted coins.
Blue and yellow bird made most of damaged street light by collecting moss, grass and straw to line her nest. Blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs. Jeanette Rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night after severe winds foiled two attempts at Manchester, where the plane was due to arrive at 7pm. Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive. Police were first called to the tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off', according to one witness. Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark. Footage shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff after the events in Birmingham caused a knock-on delay to the aircraft's return flight to Doha.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page. She put him on a sex ban until he admitted the truth on the Jeremy Kyle televsion show.
Dr Milton Wainwright claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet. He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'The organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth.
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex. Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins. History of Art, philosophy, languages, business and politics all followed with just two percent.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead alongside a scarecrow he had apparently had sex with. Neighbours reported the smell coming from his house in the city of San Jose de Balcare. Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Steven Abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians. He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery. But they missed MPs and hit a security screen. Judge Quentin Purdy sentenced him to eight weeks in prison.
Tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014. Police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City. Her boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive. He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children. Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
The Gilmore Gas Station was a backdrop for the shenanigans of Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy. Opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil, which was then the largest independent oil company on the West Coast, the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s. Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
Best friends Zoe and Eleanor upload the video to YouTube for everyone to see. Half of three to six-year-olds worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris. They were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme. Experts say: 'It provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict'
Staff at Ceva Logistics, an international company specializing in freight shipping, heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am Tuesday. Not long after, staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall. The 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead.
Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina, continue the family tradition.
Scar Booth app allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves. App is available from the Apple iTunes store for 79p and offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones. App's makers boast: 'Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating'Anti-violence charities have slammed the app for 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
The 45-year-old man had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years. This is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins, bypassing normal brain tissue. It caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech. Most of the man's face lower face was reconstructed, including his neck, mouth, tongue and the back of his throat. All the skin and muscles of his face, nose, lips, jaw, teeth, palate and cheek bones were transplanted.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an. early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa, is roughly 3.7 million years old. The study found Little Foot lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia. Findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind's ancient relatives.
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast. The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims. The watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
Neanderthals may have succumbed to infectious diseases carried to Europe by modern humans as they migrated out of Africa. Evidence suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold.
Clare Hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years. One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant and decided to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah. Doctors warned the baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation. They also warned that if she kept the baby, her pregnancy hormones would likely cause the tumour to grow significantly.
Celebrity chef Pete Evans has been dropped as a celebrity ambassador by the national salad chain, Sumo Salad. The head of marketing for Evans has told news.com.au that they had a positive collaboration with Evans but had been with him for too long. Evans announced his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book.
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. But they are still far from knowing how it appeared. Now researchers in the US and Italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms. The study suggests that the way in which DNA emerged in the early Earth lies in its structural properties and its ability to self-organise.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke. Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'The eggs bear a striking similarity to sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton, before turning the gun on himself in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning. She was shot at 'intermediate' range, the report says, meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank. The day before her murder, she called police to say she wanted protection from her ex-boyfriend, but after speaking with him, she sent the officers away, police said.
Gillian Nelson, 34, died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent. James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife. He was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014 after she had gone into labour.
Militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq are being led by a highly secretive group of strategists and officials that were once senior figures in Saddam Hussein's army. ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late Iraqi dictator's military. Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp. It uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge. The dome-shaped lamp can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock. It will be on sale in the US from June and cost $100.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, were arrested last December. Police received an anonymous tip about the welfare of their children, aged three and four. When police arrived at their home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, they discovered the youngsters locked in a'sparsely furnished' room, where they had seemingly'remained at all times'The room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate', which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through. On Monday, the couple pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children. They were handed six-year suspended sentences, 10 years of 'good behavior' and supervised probation.
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in Butte, Montana. Most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged, have families and forged their own lives. They have joined together to form a group called Gertie's Babies.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years. He graduated from University of Glamorgan with a BSc (hons) degree and three A-levels. But despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job. He says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
Carole Maggio is the LA-based creator of Facercise, with a celebrity and royalty-packed client list. Her books and DVDs are available on Amazon and ship within days. The Furrow Smoother involves spreading the fingers across the centre of the forehead.
Faith and Hope Howie were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west. Their family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues, flowers, pebbles and toys over the past 11 months. Family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope.
The 3,118 unidentified applicants were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots. But after reading congratulations notices, they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the Internet in order to attend the public college. The classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students.
ISIS militants entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side between rebels and government forces. The militants reportedly entered the camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front. The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago. She finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week. But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members.
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes pay for Boden's clothes for her daughter Ella. But when it comes to buying clothes from Boden for herself, she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy'Boden's traditional and instantly recognisable staples of cotton shifts and'mumsy' jersey dresses have always been a big no-no for her.
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off on Friday. The family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and a black son. The man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them. Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward. Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the state.
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. The university initially balked at revealing the actor's fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency. But the university says its business with the agency is now finished. Meanwhile, the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models   to selfies. The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week earlier this month.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual assault by six women. He has denied the allegations in an interview with CNN - the first time he has spoken out about the accusations. He said women love him so much he wouldn't need to rape them to get sex, he said. 'Women likes me. Women loves me,' he said. 'So if I really wanted to involve the women, I don't have to assault the women'
2015 is all about the unkempt hunk. Aidan Turner leads the way as Captain Ross Poldark. Kit Harington and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau have brought this medieval fantasy epic to a whole new audience.
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes. Calculated that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land. He picked up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site Kijiji and set off on the nine-day journey.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons. The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw, but only the wife's death has been classified as a homicide- suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide.
The #NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys. It is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke. Pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys. Babygros for girls read 'I hate my thighs' and 'I'm super' while boys get to make burgers.
Harper Lee, 88, lives in a nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, and has reportedly been deaf and blind since 2007. State authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author was somehow pushed into publishing Go Set a Watchman, and launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch. Alabama's Department of Human Resources confirmed Monday that their investigation had been completely closed. Lee had long expressed that she's happy to have 1960's To Kill a Mockingbird as her only published book.
Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition. Within ten minutes of tomorrow's episode, fans will see Aidan Turner's dashing Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby. He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty, but audiences can have little doubt about his feelings.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany. The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, accidentally went off the track during a training session on Wednesday. He was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg, eastern Germany.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow. Decision comes after drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday. All Saints Church is the only place where prostitutes can receive support offered by the sessions.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu. He was rescued by French special forces at 5am today in the far north of the African country. French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
The fire broke out at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, at around 7am Friday morning. Up to 50 employees would be in the building during a normal day, though Friday was a company holiday. There were no known injuries in the fire, which is thought to have started in a non-production building. A GE spokesman said that employees at the facility, which makes a range of appliances, had been evacuated and sent home.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in Hull West and Hessle. He said he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at the Tories in his area. But it later emerged he had already been sacked from the party last week. Nigel Farage said it was 'another hammer blow' for David Cameron.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark. The Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes. It has helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade.
Candice Swanepoel has appeared in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign. The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots. The brand is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns, and mountains of fresh seafood and meat. Woolworths says their customers will purchase enough prawns that if laid out would stretch from Sydney to Cairns. FEMAIL reveals which tipple is best suited to washing it down.
Lindsey Walker, her partner and two-year-old son were staying at Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside. At 4am, to the sounds of pounding bass from the nightclub below, they decided they would rather sit in the reception of the hotel than attempt sleep. Ms Walker's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls, broken tiles and lingering filth.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City. The people behinds the ads not only want exposure for their new restaurant but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers. There are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday. She was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge. Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago. She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online. After a few weeks of friendly conversations, the man said he wanted to marry Heinrich and move to Austria to be with her. When he said he needed money to pay taxes in England, Heinrich wired him $4,000. She soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed the same as the average adult woman. At her heaviest, she tipped the scales at an unhealthy 46st (657lbs)Doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight. She had to lose 17lb before being allowed to have weight loss surgery.
Kim Callaghan, 39, from Ardee, County Louth, Ireland, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying 20st 3lb. She was worried her size was causing her to look like a man so went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight. Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks.
Virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in. Findings have raised the prospect that life may still be clinging on deep underground on planets such as Mars where there was once thought to be flowing water on the surface.
Donny Ray Williams slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say. Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime. Williams' own attack occurred in 2013 as he walked down a Washington street. A man approached him and tossed acid in his face that dripped down his body. Williams believes a jealous boyfriend of a woman he was dating was behind the attack.
Women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. Cleopatra, for one, had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets. Mary, Queen of Scots was said to wash her body in white wine.
Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast at about 5.15pm on Saturday. Piper died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening. All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred. The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts. She is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying. Both House and her new husband, Zackerie House, 27, are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. The purchases started in western Oregon in March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Employers added just 126,000 jobs in March, the fewest since December 2013. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent. The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the omelette in time for Easter. It contains 12,000 calories and contains 16 times the recommended daily intake for a man.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday. There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
Louise Redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean. Louise and Emma say to avoid being drowned by too much fabric try a high heeled shoe.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street. The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury.
Hotelier Danny Lambo, 37, bought his girlfriend a £10,000 chocolate bath for Easter. Natasha Flynn, 29, had the first-of-its-kind bath made as an Easter treat for his 'queen'Bespoke gift is now available to buy and costs £1,000 each time to fill - with 1.3m of melted chocolate.
Federal MP Bob Katter accused the Queensland Government of thinking embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence. Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of the allegations. He announced on Wednesday he will remain in the Queensland parliament as an independent, throwing the Government, which holds a razor-thin majority, into chaos. Mr Katter, federal MP for Kennedy, is of Lebanese descent. He said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals. The Los Angeles-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them. The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was 147th most popular in Britain. In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000. It is among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out.
James Bowen, 36, has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob. He has also churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years. But Daily Mail can reveal he continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit. Taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, London.
Detective Patrick Cherry has been named as Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's joint terrorism task force. He was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver hooted at him. The driver, named only as Humayun, tried to repeatedly apologise to Detective Cherry. The New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau is now investigating.
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded 'Miss Dodgy Septum'She was awarded £3.14m for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday. Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. California has been in a drought for four years. Brown previously declared a drought emergency in January 2014 and stressed the need for sustained water conservation.
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area. 19 children attending the school contracted the potentially deadly disease. An infectious diseases expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously. Professor Matthew Cooper, a professorial research fellow at the University of Queensland's Institute for Molecular Bioscience, attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
Siobahn O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, had applied to Duke University. But on March 26 she was sent a rejection letter telling her she had missed out on a place. She wrote back, saying she was unable to accept the rejection.
Christopher Bridger, 25, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, attacked three women. He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register. They described his crimes as a'serious breach of trust'
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her son, Mark, acting as Best Man. Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark Howe. Mark Howe was obsessed with the TV show Dexter which features a serial killer.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen. She is reportedly survived by her parents, a brother, and a sister.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days. Ms Sevilla's application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 has been rejected by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection due to Tyrone's autism. The single-mum's appeal to the Immigration Department was unsuccessful. Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. The victim's identity has not been released. The man told police that the heated argument was over a friend that he 'didn't approve of Hilbert spending time with'
Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous 'pleasure troupe' of young women that North Korean leaders have traditionally employed to entertain them. Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in December 2011. Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
David Cameron has suggested using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor'Tory leader took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington about best way to deal with Ukip leader. But Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during debate. Ukip leader Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test tonight.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks in Canberra Hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida. She was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her parents and siblings, Charlotte and Sophie, were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived. Angel Gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers. Their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year.
Transvestite TV star Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger on Saturday. Transvestite entertainer Matsukoriod is the first android to host its own show on Nippon TV. Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake. The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass. Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster. The tallest point in the world, however, still stands at 29,029 feet.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz died after two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse in Istanbul and took him hostage. The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left group. A Turkish court imposed the blocks because photographs of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Kiraz. Access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube was re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove the images.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next. He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months. Mr Miliband said there had been an 'epidemic' of zero-hours contracts under the Coalition.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham. His five-month-old daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties. Infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries', police said. Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday. 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, has been released on bail. Neighbours described couple as 'friendly' and said they 'kept to themselves'
World's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree, which will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million. Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National make their choice purely down to the name of the horse.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997. The 60-year-old left teaching to have her fourth child and was diagnosed with mesothelioma last September. Her husband, Nigel, told an inquest into her death in January that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s. He said: 'She then became an art teacher and from 1977 until 1995 worked at various schools, often hanging paintings on walls containing asbestos'
The singer, 30, has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. 'I was bedridden for five months. I thought I was dying. I had complete weakness and fatigue,' she said.
Sue Townsend achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4, when it was published in 1982. The book was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies.
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee during the Good Friday showdown between South Sydney and Canterbury at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney. NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour, noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review'
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia. Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes. The volcano erupted in November 2012, spewing lava down the mountainside.
Average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London. The seaside town in the South Hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price: £671,759. This is more then the cost of homes in some of the UK's most expensive cities, including Oxford, Bath and Edinburgh. Salcombe Harbour Hotel & Spa has waterfront rooms priced from £425 this summer.
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. He was born 1966 in Muar, Johor, according to his profile at the National Counterterroism Center. The reward offered by the US State Department for his arrest was $5million.
Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients. Claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them with military-style drills, exercises and weekly tai chi sessions. China's government said internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users.
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spine. The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital in Haydock, Merseyside, after surgery. He and his wife Kate have been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home if his wife gives up her job and goes on benefits. Couple were told they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant because they don't claim any income support or benefits.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, of Camden, Arkansas, became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan. Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice. She attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair.
Melbourne mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a Sydney hotel. Kady was in town for her best friend’s wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family. When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel's lounge area with baby Isla, she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for 'over 18s only'The Manly Wharf Hotel says it's 'ludicrous' to suggest the hotel wouldn't allow women to do the same.
The first iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010, but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now. Despite falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, has been jailed for two years for attacking his victim without warning. The pair had a 'long-running' feud after Hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back. Hutchinson punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a brain bleed.
The woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of bone disease that left them unable to fend off predators, according to startling new evidence from Russia. It was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man. But a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. The major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines. In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day. The fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' after beating him. An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
A pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman and her baby have died after she refused a blood transfusion. The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors told her she could  give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have blood. The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs. She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis of a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Vera Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves. Her bed-ridden husband Mortimer, who was 85, was sleeping in another room and woke with a man standing over him, but was powerless to help his wife. The couple were so traumatised by the terrifying ordeal that they had to leave their home.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday. He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law. 'My son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said.
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans court accused of illegal gun possession. Defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant. But as a shackled Durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom, the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing.
Bath Abbey could be linked to the city's Roman water network to heat the medieval church using ancient underground springs. The idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring. Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground. They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey.
The historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981. The boat is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Czech President Milos Zeman criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow, despite the crisis in Ukraine. Zeman said he wanted to honor Soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives to liberate his country in World War II.
Homes with Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more - or £38,831 - than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch. But having a budget store such as an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less.
Crew on Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued those on board Thunder, which sank off the coast of Africa on Monday. Sea Shepherd claims that Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean. The sinking is believed to be another deliberate move by the vessel to hide evidence of any illegal activities.
Bette Carrouze, 78, lives in sheltered accommodation complete with pull-cords and assistance in case she falls over. Says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and false teeth.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours. Instead of the usual images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons. The images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked.
With Easter just around the corner we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session. Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules. A 67-kilogram woman who ate only four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt melted away.
Most Reverend Justin Welby said the dead were'martyrs' in his Easter sermon. He said Christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities. Dr Welby told his congregation the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in the district of Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State. Claimed she would rather live with her parents, she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly.
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex with women. He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data. Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’ after the verdicts.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, Georgia, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less'Melissa Jeffcoat said she would serve adulterers but not gay people and that Jesus 'died on the cross for me so that's the least I could do for him'
Lindsay Lohan, 28, has been living in London for the past year and says she feels 'at home' in the city and has no plans to return to the States just yet. The former child star recently appeared in a West End play and admitted she felt like the UK press treated her with respect. 'I don’t place myself in the same "situations" as I used to. It also comes with time and age,' she said.
Lianne Hindle, 37, died three hours after giving birth to daughter Poppy at North Manchester General Hospital. Her partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent tragedies. Mr Barnes, who suffers with cerebral palsy, has been left to care for the couple's four children. Ms Hindle's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system. The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses, the court was told. A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens. They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen. A Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner in a seven-page letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment. Lerner has long been in the GOP's crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications.
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss. Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow. The medical community believes Morgellons is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or even suffering from substance abuse.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C.She admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. He was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord.
Tracy Stratton claims her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham, south east London. She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house. A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added. Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council, after she says the school ignored at least five reports.
Samantha Cameron has ruled out having another baby, days after she and husband David cooed over seven-week-old Regan. Mrs Cameron revealed her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose'She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign, and gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn. The blaze started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke. More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of the Easter weekend.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of killing six members of his girlfriend's family on Christmas Eve, 2007. He is now on the stand in a bid to avoid the death penalty. He told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3. He and his girlfriend Michele Anderson gunned them down and then hid their bodies in a shed behind the house.
Six-month-old Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013. She was diagnosed with a number of medical conditions, including a heart murmur and breathing problems. A post-mortem revealed the presence of cocaine, tramadol and mirtazapine in her stomach. Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant. Review has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, from Workington, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the Alice And Wonderland ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in August last year. She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself. This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food and ballooning to 17st.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their plane crashed. They were flying from Dundee to Tiree, where Dr Rous grew up, to see her mother and sister. Couple had been married for less than a year and were planning to start a family.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will raise starting wages at its restaurants to a dollar over minimum wage beginning July 1. It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour. In addition to wage increases, McDonald's says workers at company-owned stores will get paid time off.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week. The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National, and Golf Channel said he was seen on the practice range Friday morning at the club. Woods, a four-time Masters champion, last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back.
Obama aides Katie Fallon and Jen Psaki are expecting babies in May and July of this year. Obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare, flexibility and paid leave, but until now, he hasn't put it into practice in a very prominent way with few mothers of young children on his own senior team.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in February after a seven-year battle with cancer. Spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy. It involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support. In her final weeks, she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner Tallon Pamenter has revealed. He said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple had been through.
Labour leader admitted that he 'blubbed' during Pride, a British film released last year. It centres on the 1984 miners' strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to South Wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the National Union of Mineworkers.
Workman caught hanging out the door of a van travelling at 85mph down the motorway. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle. Today his boss revealed that the man claims he was only doing it because he needed some fresh air.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben, now four, when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy, 76-years-old. He was 76 when Poppy came along last May, making him, I believe, the oldest living new father. Donald says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding. He takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. The 'tragedy' of California, Fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia'One of the so-called liberal environmental groups that Fiorina blamed on Monday for the state's water woes later told the Huffington Post that the Republican politician's argument was 'irrational'
Four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast. The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
Gigi, 19, took inspiration from Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback, particularly on social media. Gigi said that Kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up [on social media] and when to back off. She believes former Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona.
Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into Tara McIntyre's Ford Ka. Miss McIntyre, 24, suffered head injuries, fractured spine and pelvis and a cut to her artery. Hagon, of Halstead, Essex, already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003. He had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit. Judge branded his driving'madness' and accused him of changing her life for the worse.
Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last week. The group received a standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child. Beyoncé's father and former manager Mathew Knowles owns one-fourth of the group.
Melbourne based fashion duo Jess and Stef Dadon have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me'The girls are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs'They have over 111,000 followers on Instagram.
Governor Jerry Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state. The governor's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent. California's historically wettest winter months have already passed, and the drought is now firmly rooted in its fourth consecutive year.
Pitt personally backed building of 104 homes in Lower Ninth quarter of city, decimated in 2005 storm. He vowed to help ‘make it right’ for city’s thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes. But in a lawsuit filed in New Orleans’ District Court last week, Pitt's Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective. It says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes after using the company's TimberSIL product.
Uruguay is home to two major cities - Montevideo and Colonia del Sacramento. Punta del Este, about 85 miles east of Montevideo, was soon known as the Miami of South America, with sumptuous hotels, pop-up restaurants run by celebrity chefs and visitors ranging from supermodels and actors to company CEOs.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across Britain. The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'A selection of his work is on a UK gallery tour until 2017.
Motorist attempted dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset. He gambled on overtaking lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights but lost control at 50mph. He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost, smashing the rear into smithereens. The car ended on the opposite side of the road forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. Mr Saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of Minnesota in 2001. It was claimed that she had believed the film Fargo was real - after all the hit movie begins with the words 'This is a true story'But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English. Now the story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, NY on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack in New York City. They are accused of plotting to carry out a bomb attack on a military base or police funeral with a homemade bomb - but that there was no specific terrorist plot at the time of their arrest. One of their alleged plotters, Samir Khan, an American citizen, was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen. He was the editor of Al Qaeda magazine Inspire, which was used by Boston bombers Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Mensa was formed by Australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist Dr Lance Ware in Oxford in 1946. The youngest member joined aged two and a half, and the oldest was 103. Mensa says it is ‘a society for like-minded people’ with the following aims:. To identify and foster human intelligence for the benefit of humanity. To encourage research in the nature, characteristics, and uses of intelligence.
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals, according to a survey of 3,000 people aged 18 or older conducted by Visa. The average American high schooler could spend over $300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance.
Amanda Holden will host new show on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre in Birmingham. Show will highlight plight of animals arriving at the Newbrook Farm Animal Centre. Amanda and her co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals.
Konstantin Sivkov, a Russian military analyst, has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US. He said that Russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the US coasts and force a volcano in Yellowstone National Park to erupt. The military man says that all the seismic activity could release another wave that would wipe out the US's European allies.
Nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey last week. They include the son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale, Simon Danczuk. Councillor Shakil Ahmed's son Waheed, his cousins, aunt and four children. They are expected to return to the UK from Turkey this week.
Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert. While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells. ‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations. Comes after major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin. John Lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop.
Ryanair has taken the unprecedented step of banning passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza. It follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island for days of sun, booze and revelry. Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and her partner Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, Noah, last month. Noah Thomas, 5, was last seen watching cartoons March 22 at home in Dublin, Virginia. His body was found in a septic tank on White and Thomas' property on March 26.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course', it was reported by anti-ISIS informants in the city. They will be forced to take a test, with those who pass being released immediately. Those who don't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass.
The Bell 525 Relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $15million (£10.12m) for their own. It has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. The craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions.
Tim McNaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself. Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police. The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth. Concerns have been raised about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in Australia tomorrow, where he will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force. He will also visit the War Memorial and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Lane Smith, 26, died in a freak accident last July, leaving behind his pregnant girlfriend, Sierra Sharry, 20, and their six-month-old son Taos. His son was born just a few weeks later and when he approached six months, Sharry asked photographer Kayli Henley, who is baked in Yukon, if she'd be able to put together a family photo. So Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, Taos, as if he were standing over them.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police said. Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators.
Princess Beatrice, 26, was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31, at Shoreditch House. The royal looked glamorous in a knee-length black leather dress. The Joseph A-line dress is currently sold out.
A Royal Night Out is released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945. It shows the young Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways. In an open letter to Kidman, the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Laura Glading, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador. The union has waged a public campaign against Etihad and other United Arab Emirates airlines claiming they 'are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices and deplorable treatment of female employees'
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14, study found. The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year. Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, researchers say.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting they meet up. She would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious, before ransacking their homes. Argentinian con-artist posted raunchy pictures of herself on Facebook and flirted with strangers. She admitted to bedding and robbing 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with two accomplices.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38. She revealed juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office. Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel, which she owns, were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack. She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality TV show, where B&B owners visit each others properties and rate their stay.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment together and live a carefree life on the beach. Jay has 750,000 followers on Instagram and Alexis 1.1million on tumblr.
Rick Yoes, 57, of Grand Prairie, Texas, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn. But Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail. Yoes turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his fine to secure his release.
Bernard 'Barry' Freundel pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February. He is set to be sentenced on May 15. His wife, Sharon, gave a speech at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences on March 22. She alludes to the scandal at the beginning of the talk, saying she has become an expert in PTSD.
Ralph Body, up until March 29, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens. The 41-year-old told the New York Post he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals. They build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors.
Leo the Staffordshire-Boxer cross managed to turn on the hob while hunting for dog treats. The heat from one of the hob's rings set fire to a child's seat that had been left on the electric appliance. More than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames in Peckham, south-east London.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register. The urology specialist cut peepholes in shampoo bottles and dried them so he could hide his iPhone inside. He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles to secretly film men next door. But he was caught out twice - once when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle. He admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500 and ordered to pay costs.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free, has been called off. The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Biosecurity Queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign.
A memorial display at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the first picture of the hero pilot who tried to break into the plane’s cockpit. Patrick Sondheimer, 36, a father-of-two, tried in vain to save the lives of the 144 passengers and five crew members on board. But the shrine, erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy, controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. Mr Lubitz is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 into the mountains. It has since emerged that he had carefully planned the attack using the online pseudonym 'Skydevil'
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products. The airstrikes drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels loyal to Yemen's deposed president Ali Abdullah Saleh entered its seventh day.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed details of her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona. Ms King shocked and intrigued the Australian public when she entered into a relationship with Thompson, who was twice her age, while he was also involved with Leona – who is nicknamed Le. The 60-year-old’s first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl, and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement.
Richie Sambora, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'Sambora is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and their daughter Ava.
The PDSA has warned that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high. Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise are to blame. Carrots were named as the worst culprits as they are very high in sugar.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges. The girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. She said she had been held in a 'trap' house between January 21 and February 8.
National Union of Teachers (NUT) said Government strategies have'shut down debate' in schools. Teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions. They also claimed young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects for fear of being branded an extremist.
E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media. Customers can appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, was found at 9.45pm at Aerodrome Road in Maroochydore, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast. Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty. Police located the silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander the teen was forced into early on Tuesday morning.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
Health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine. Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills. Spokesman Matt Likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November. The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25. Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.
Gibbons are better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit in south east Asia. The apes produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear. Researchers at Wisconsin University in Madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes. They found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours. Findings could provide valuable clues about human speech evolved and perhaps even why humans began using whispers.
Giudice, who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. Judge Adam Jacobs said Joe Giudice has a 'general disrespect for the law,' citing dozens of previous driving infractions and suspensions.
Summer Robertson, 21, from Shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents. She had been helping youngsters in one of South Africa's poorest townships at a remote camping resort. But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore. Another volunteer, 19-year-old Alice Barnett, from Canterbury in Kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later. Her parents John and Sarah have now paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy'
Shadow chancellor refuses to rule out freezing or lowering threshold to raise money to balance books. Number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades. But the Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome. Aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck.
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie, South Australia, has been charged with disorderly behaviour. The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app. Police say she 'pursued' the Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself, and that it was an illegal act. Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy over her actions, claiming 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies.
A 51-year-old woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass. Footage of the incident, which took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on Saturday afternoon, shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument between neighbours that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. The couple say the woman's racial slurs have led to their children asking their mother if they are'really monkeys'
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital, despite more than two months exposed to the elements. The crew of a German-flagged container ship found Jordan on his single-masted 35-foot boat Thursday afternoon, Coast Guard officials said. Jordan managed to catch and eat fish, according to the Coast Guard, and despite reports of a shoulder injury and dehydration, he arrived at a hospital in good condition.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January. The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Ibrahim Jalloh, along with another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014. The two Australians were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice, according to the ABC. The arrests were mentioned in a Melbourne Court last week where three men face trial, accused of being embroiled in a drug ring importing drugs to Australia from China.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist. He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived, yet other Jewish sect leaders do appear. He also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke, claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of Jesus.
Mullah Omar has not made a public appearance since the 2001 US-led invasion. The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently, with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced.
U.N. human rights chief Zeid Raad al-Hussein told a special session of the U.N.'s Human Rights Council in Geneva that if reports are true, BGoko Haram have committed crimes against humanity. He said there are 'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter,' has been brought to light. Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes, he said.
Vladimir Putin is planning to exploit threat of nuclear war to force Nato out of countries bordering Russia, it has been claimed. A secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war. Putin is also said to be planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states in a direct challenge to Nato's promise to defend the countries from Russian expansionism.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor. Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014. Sanchez - whose maiden name is Olsen - is married and is believed to have three children.
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday. Talley was born in rural Montrose on May 23, 1899.
Amateur jockey Lee Ferguson was flung from his horse Merrion Square at Wincanton. The 18-year-old was on his first ride for champion trainer Paul Nicholls. Ferguson's whip goes flying as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards him. Ferguson bounces back to earth but remarkably suffers no more than being briefly winded.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G. But the actual figure is only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. EE’s 4G network, which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses, delivered the fastest average download speed of 18.6Mbit/s.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen. He masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away at Beisswenger’s hardware store. Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled.
The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion. It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment. The United States government only admitted to this experiment in 2010, which was run by Dr. John Cutler.
The RSPCA is considering abandoning its controversial policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' after the collapse of the latest case. The animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act after its decision last month to drop the case against William Bryer.
The Havasupai tribe is the smallest Indian nation in America, with just over 600 inhabitants. The village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon, in the heart of the Havasuppai Nation reservation. It was claimed by the tribe from the National Park rangers in 1975, after many court battles. The settlement relies on tourism for the majority of its income, selling items and woven products.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county, when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog. Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
Hassan Rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement. The deal between Iran and the West aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon. It promises to end years of crippling sanctions against Iran and locals could not contain their joy. Residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and waved their national flag.
Depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in months before tragedy. Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national, had a second family. She was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused lasting damage. She had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive treatment recommended by doctors.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job, a profession'Over course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes, taking a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million. Often waited until home owners were on holiday before striking.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera at $36 a share for a total cost of $11,368,000 plus $110,530 for a $0.35 call option.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest. A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries. First place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper. It beat designs for a giant 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis.
Chelsea Manning has started a Twitter account from prison in Kansas, where she is serving 35 years for espionage and computer fraud. The 27-year-old is dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in 'close contact' with her.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango behind her car as she drove at 30mph. Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and a deep elbow wound. Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets. But she was convicted following a hearing at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court. Fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny. The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and 'totally frizz-free' since she gave up using shampoo.
Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney. The force was alerted by the Health & Social Services Department. A doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council (GMC) was informed.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night. Airbnb has plans for rapid growth in Cuba, where employees have spent the last three months signing up property owners.
Rae Johnston, 33, is a Sydney based tech and gaming journalist. She is known for dressing up as Wonder Woman in her spare time. Ms Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
Footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon, and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking 'everybody ready?' The teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week. Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out. British national, of Polish origin but who has not been named, was arrested on Saturday. He was arrested as part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front.
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. 'We are taking this step out of an abundance of caution to ensure that we are doing everything possible to provide our consumers with safe products,' the company said in a statement.
Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength. The 101-year-old widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week. Ms Formosa has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer. Apple's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people, including many foreign tourists. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat. Most of the passengers and crew, totalling between 100 and 110, were rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow, 27, has become a celebrity on Instagram. The civil servant is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia with her photos and videos. Her Instagram feed is a mixture of selfies, snaps with friends and photos of beauty spots. The 27-year-old's followers and others who stumble upon her posts are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes, happy faces and stunning beauty spots, including the blue waters of the Indian Ocean.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism. Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane so he could spend the Easter Weekend with his father and younger brother. Qantas said it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child.
Kamron T. Taylor, a 23-year-old from Kankakee, is considered armed and dangerous. He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him.
Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff did not realise how scared the girl was until he was editing the photographs later - and broke down into tears. He told MailOnline: 'I had tears in my eyes when I saw her like that on my computer. I was shocked by her reaction, the fear and seeing her crying...
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, before taking his own life in their Florida home as they made dinner last week. Kevin then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself. Trevor attended the boys' funeral at St. James the Apostle Catholic Church in Port Richey in a wheelchair on Wednesday.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8, which is how tall her son Titan currently is. But even with the additional inches, parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who often has to use crutches, or sometimes a wheelchair.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit. The 30-year-old said she was never offered support despite checking herself into the emergency room on six occasions while suffering drug induced psychosis. Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Bhutan is a land of myths and magic - a Shangri-La where tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests. Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country and was built in the 8th century.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning. The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street. Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with a powerful stun gun. He first electrocuted a Coke can, then sent volts coursing through a bracelet he was holding. But his antics all went horribly wrong when he decided to electrocute a metal bracelet. The video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times on Facebook.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness. There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone. The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head to the Middle East next month. He will leave his wife and young children behind to fight against ISIS for three months. Mr Costa will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen. He has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern Iraq via Jordan.
Experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity. In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull. Results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
The IRS has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names. Right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the IRS. A federal judge ordered the IRS to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status.
The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. The Negroni contains equal parts gin, Campari and sweet vermouth.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness on March 19. The married mother-of-two was returning from covering a house fire in Queens, New York when she died. Her mother, Lois, was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded controversial image on Facebook in response to'misdirected threats'She captioned photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me"'She then 'exchanged words' with the other users on the site, it is reported. Holmes, who lives in Chesterfield, Virginia, has now been charged with harassment by computer. She is facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and a $2,500 fine.
Ukip leader called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous'Ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in February, with spokesman Stephen Woolfe saying the numbers being granted visas were limited at. But Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration.
Choupette earned £2.18million last year - just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne. The three-year-old Siamese cat appeared in two adverts for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan. Lagerfeld, 82, said his cat is his only companion and has two personal maids.
Manual urges activists to dress in'mainstream' fashion while knocking on doors. Advises them to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' and to compliment people's homes. Also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns about radical plans to dismantle army, legalise drugs and pay everybody £72 a week no matter how rich they are.
Sarah Thomas, a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon, Mississippi, has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee. Thomas has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013.
Rob Kardashian is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years. The 28-year-old used to be a fixture on red carpets and social media, he now rarely tweets, his Instagram contains just one post and he is rarely pictured outside his house. Now multiple sources say that Rob is in a 'dark place,' and his sister Khloe believes her brother suffers from social anxiety.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were charged in April 2013. The driver of a Mr. Ding-A-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon. The 35-year-old mother allegedly locked herself in the bathroom of the Manhattan restaurant where she was later found holding her unconscious baby boy. Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year. She was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing of her aunt.
Paris Picnics delivers picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash. The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return. Miss Goldbach, who is seeking comfort from a priest, told investigators that her long-term boyfriend Lubtiz had whisked her away.
Jordan Waddingham made a startling discovery after finding the world's largest European wasp nest on a property in Tasmania. The 12-year-old boy scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps after his mother Stephanie offered him $20 to locate the nest. The 90-kilogram nest is measured at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres after it was located among a blueberry bush and destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant.
Chris Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, saved Dr Michael Shannon's life in 2011. Trokey was one of the paramedics who treated Dr Shannon and rushed him to hospital after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in this burning SUV. The pair both took part in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita, California on Sunday.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland. The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday. A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home on Thursday. A Queensland Police and RSPCA taskforce, set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live baiting scandal, also found ammunition shells from a.22 calibre gun. There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area.
Randy Pierce, from Nashua, New Hampshire, was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the 'King of the Swingers' obstacle at a Tough Mudder competition in California last week. Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. He left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and has since climbed all 48 mountains in New Hampshire and run 30 road races with his guide dog Quinn. Pierce decided to run the 2015 Boston Marathon in honor of Quinn after the dog passed away from bone cancer last year.
Sir Stirling Moss won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at Goodwood in 1962. The 85-year-old said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' which is why he is still confident behind the wheel. He said he has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of 50mph. Sir Stirling said he believes in indulgence and never denies himself something he wants.
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek medical attention after her scalp became infected. She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed. However, Tina said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair extensions again.
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. After coming to a standstill, Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain. Radiocarbon dating suggests this burial took place 18,700 years ago. She was 'robust, relatively tall, [and] apparently healthy', explained the researchers.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday. Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot. Davis told deputies he realizes he has a problem and asked for help.
Dutch owner of the supercar was waiting in the Hotel Exedra in Anzio, south of Rome. He entrusted the car to a parking attendant who attempted to return it to the hotel. But instead of pressing the brake, the driver mashed the throttle, unleashing 671bhp. The supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and ploughed through the shop front.
Sussex Police has been accused of 'victim-blaming' in its campaign poster. It urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers on a night out. Anti-rape campaigners said the poster implies victims are to blame for getting raped. But supporters said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week for $3.8 million. Property boasts a wood-paneled library, a three-car garage, an outdoor dining room and even a solarium. Durst, 71, is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in California over the death of Susan Berman.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event. The event, which did not break the world record, was raising money for victims of human trafficking.
Scotland's oldest inhabited castle hosts drumming and singing, egg decorating, storytelling and an Easter bonnet parade. Children can discover their inner Ray Mears at Hadrian's Wall in Northumberland.
Both federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year. As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk. The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams.
Passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge. He said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service. It plunged commuters into hours of misery as the act of vandalism on the Cross City line caused severe delays. London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of the culprit.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range. Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts, but following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) in 2013. Samsung will supply 80% of Apple's supply of application processors, with TSMC supplying the remaining 20%.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from. The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
Scientist Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive, based on the laws of conservation of energy seen on Earth. He calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear. But the calculations don't take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity.
The Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France. It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features. The drawings include images of cave bears, woolly rhinoceros, mammoths and big cats.
Frank Sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan Farrow, according to his youngest daughter, Tina Sinatra. Tina, who is the daughter of Sinatra and his first wife Nancy, told him: 'Couldn't be. I don't know whose son Ronan is'Mia Farrow had previously admitted the singer may be the father of her Ronan.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow. She sent text messages to close friends and family saying she was unlikely to survive. Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity and getting tattoos. Meaghan raised $5,000 through a fundraising website after telling family and friends that she was suffering from cancer. Police received an anonymous tip last summer that she had been faking the disease.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before the debate. But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into studio for showdown. Cameron and Farage will share platform tonight with Miliband and Clegg, SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, Green Party's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880. They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement. The current record holder is Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at Royal Oldham Royal and North Manchester General hospitals. Report found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in maternity wards, and a 'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases. Report also found risk management was 'below standard' in some cases - though there were no apparent 'deficiencies in care'National guidelines for treating obese mothers were also not followed.
First ever drawing of The Beatles' famous Yellow Submarine is set to fetch more than £10,000 at auction in Dallas, Texas, on Thursday. It depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film in which the Fab Four travel to Pepperland to save it from the Blue Meanies. Rare celluloid painting was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride. She alleged that she eventually woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her. He then helped her into his car and drove her home. She called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant Hospital.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's last-ditch legal appeal against their Indonesian death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta's state administrative court. The court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. The pair are currently being held in isolation on Nusakambangan prison island where foreign drug dealers were executed on January 18 this year.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran 20 miles east of Mumbai. The youngster was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival. She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff. Her mother, brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds when the tragedy unfolded.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her inhaler. She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged. The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue. She said it was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before and had probably fallen in her pocket.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died. She claims the £15million left to her was an 'absurd presentation' of his true wealth. The former beauty queen is suing six of her husband's children, including Gabrielle and Jasmine. She says she is owed a'reasonable provision' following the death of the legendary gambler.
Charlie Chaplin married second wife Lita Grey, 16, in 1924 and the union lasted just three years. The 50-page divorce papers lay bare the film star's 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage. The original copy of the divorce papers was set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when it goes under the hammer, after being found in a bank in America.
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct. It was revealed she had been inappropriately prescribing drugs such as steroids and hormones to her patients. The doctor, who opened one of NSW's first anti-ageing clinics, has been prosecuted.
National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. About one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means. Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it that much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Chicago Cubs fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day. The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms and according to those who were there, some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves.
John Clarkson, 55, from Preston, Lancashire, has created his very own 'Pie-egg-ra' dish. He rolls out the pie casing before stuffing one and a half Creme Eggs into it. The pie is then covered with a lid and dipped in batter before being quickly deep fried.
Lindsey Norman spotted the image of Jesus in a six pack of hot cross buns she bought from Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Shop assistant said it made her 'giggle' when she saw the resemblance with Easter coming up.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
Giuliana Rancic, 40, left The Trump Tower in New York City on Monday, just a day before the release of her new tell-all Going Off Script, which details her romance with Jerry O'Connell. In her memoir, the Fashion Police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry, who she first met in San Diego. Giuliana claims Jerry cheated on her with Spice Girls singer Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice.
Kellie Maloney, 61, started the process to change gender two years ago. She underwent her final surgery last week and was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days. But she has been released four days early and is now recovering at home with her children. She said: 'I am proud of who I am on this transgender day of visibility. But more important I am just proud to be the woman and human being I should always been. I stand alongside my sisters asking the world to show us respected'
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday. The driver, 35-year-old Christian Crawford, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide.
Ivan Milat, 70, is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992. His nephew Alistair Shipsey, 55, has compiled the letters into a $32 book. Shipsey promises 'you won’t be able to put it down'In the letters, Milat tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things'
Lara Logan, 43, is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories. A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized. Butowsky revealed the extent of the journalism heavy hitter's suffering since the attack in Cairo's Tahrir Square in 2011.
Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie. The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
A small 'hot spot' in the U.S. Southwest is responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States. The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles. A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
Extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage. Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says foreign nannie are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury, Herefordshire. Mr Knott, 71, was battling plans to build a gipsy camp in a paddock close to their 300-year-old home. He feared it would knock thousands off the value of his home and kept a file 'three inches thick' on the planning proposals. He faced the strain of caring for his wife, 70, who was known as Anne, who had Alzheimer's disease. Last August he shot her dead before turning the gun on himself, inquest hears.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits. The cave is only able to be safely accessed during the dry season from November to April and during this time the water is clear and deep with a rich green hue.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on Tuesday. The couple, both 67, from Coningsby, Lincolnshire, are the 10th biggest winners of Euromillions. They plan to take their family on holiday to New Zealand first class and buy a Land Rover.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. Diane took charge of her daughter, Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania. Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day. Steven was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born in Barnsley, West Yorkshire. Her parents, Jade Reader and Matthew Bygrave, were told the baby would need a liver transplant. Her twin sister Shanell offered part of her liver to save her niece's life.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein. Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein should be struck from the record. She claims she was forced to have sex with the Duke of York three times when she was 17. Judge ruled details of the accusations against him had no bearing on the reopening of the lawsuit against Epstein.
The outage affected the State Department, the Department of Energy, the University of Maryland in College Park and other areas in the District of Columbia and Maryland. Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible. The outage lasted but a few seconds at the White House, as the government building immediately moved onto generators.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief. All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them, but despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center. In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD on the night of the shooting.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which sold NHS patients' details on without their knowledge. He was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 and faced calls to step down. Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society. Others who use the NHS-approved pharmacy website used its online doctor consultations.
Rosa Camfield, 101, was born in June 1913 and died on Monday. Rosa had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren. Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, posted a photo of Rosa and baby Kaylee on Facebook two weeks ago. The photo has received over 2.5 million likes and nearly 78,000 shares.
Lesley Abravanel, a columnist for Miami Herald, told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself at his home. She said Brandt, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, played by Martin Short. The cosmetic dermatologist was known for working with stars including Madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour.
The orphaned badger cubs have been nursed back to health by a kind-hearted animal lover on a diet of custard creams. One of the cubs escaped death after being carried away in a Jack Russell's mouth. They were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner, who runs Secret World centre in Somerset.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said. The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson, who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday.
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery after a banana peel was thrown at Dave Chappelle during a show in Santa Fe, New Mexico, on Monday. Englander said he threw the peel because the 'irony of this situation is too much to pass up'On Thursday, he claims to have hurled another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar. He said he ate the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99 Bananas liquor before the show.
Service is available from 10 US airlines including Los Angeles and Atlanta. First-of-its-kind technology developed by Sendum Wireless Corp. is available for $50 per flight.
In the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target', the 130-page document states. They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. Shortly after the firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops. Amid their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded. It is unclear whether he was shot by an officer's bullet.
The Honolulu Museum of Art handed over seven stolen artifacts to authorities. They were found to have been smuggled into the U.S. by art dealer Subhash Kapoor. Kapoor, who is facing charges in India, was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial.
New photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book. The pictures were taken by Gisèle Freund, a German-born French photographer, who had travelled to Mexico in 1950.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde. Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death.
Five-month-old Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)Doctors say he probably won't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness. His heartbroken parents Jessica and Andrew McCrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure he lives a full life. They have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. The list includes a road trip to Queensland to watch the sunrise and set with him.
Stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden. The Finnish daredevil drives the snow mobile while in the air by pulling the ropes on either side of the parachute. After a four-minute ride and a bumpy landing, Antti lands the contraption before coming safely to a stop.
11-month-old babies were shown magic tricks that defied their expectations. Babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity and float in thin air. When they were then given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi's office said. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements, according to the department. Driver provided the Klan chapter, called a klavern, with a photograph of the inmate, who'd been let out on supervised release.
Passenger planes from Emirates and Etihad reportedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea. Emirates referred to the near-miss as an 'air traffic control incident' in a statement on Wednesday. Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other. Emirates says its flight EK709 was returning from the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles when the incident occurred in airspace controlled from Mumbai, India. Etihad says it is investigating 'a reported incident' involving one of its planes traveling in the opposite direction.
Tony Blair made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government, which is dogged by allegations of endemic corruption. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition. There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region which has £1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with the burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave. The researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart. Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing. They discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police. She used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day's date on the cathedral's dome. Italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks, but the woman was charged.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida. Jones, 32, held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring. The audience and viewers were baffled as to why Jones had his phone in his shorts.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being turned into a luxury hotel where guests won't mind being locked up for the night. Grade II listed building was built in 1857-1859 by Corporation Surveyor John Weightman. It was originally designed as a police station and courts complex for Corporation of Liverpool. The development is the latest project by staycentral.com - a new Liverpool-based hotel chain.
Ashley Doody, 30, allegedly attacked her mixed-breed family dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife on Sunday. Police say she was high on bath salts which can cause severe agitation, paranoia, hallucinations and suicidal behavior in users. She has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and will appear in court on May 19.
Taffee the Shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night. Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the pony lying on the floor. Left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets had no option but to put the distressed pony down.
The Block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28. The apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000.
One in three GP training places remain empty, according to new figures. This year, 29 per cent of GP trainee places remain unfilled, at a time when there is a shortage of doctors. Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a 'crisis' in GP recruitment.
Margaret Atwood said Kate hasn't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of Diana. The Duchess of Cambridge has been dismissed as an ‘uneventful’ dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood. She said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. But she added she is right not to follow in Diana’s footsteps and dresses uneventfully.
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. Cassandra Hann‎ said she was refused entry to Qantas Club because she was wearing Havianas. Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge and wrote on Facebook 'I'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year'
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse. She 'coached' the pair on the best positions to conceive, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times'She planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Her 29-year-old husband Gary, who she met on onlinebootycall.com, will be sentenced this month after pleading no contest to raping the child 'every few days' throughout 2013.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London. He was educated by the Jesuits, who instilled a belief in mystery and miracles. His entire oeuvre, Ackroyd suggests, was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day. In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry. Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements in the past. His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments. She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth as far as multi-millionaires calling the city home. Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more millionaires than it was a decade ago. In India, the cities of Pune, Bangalore, Delhi, and Hyderabad all saw spikes of 200% or more.
A 38-year-old man jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, early Friday morning after being stopped by police. Police say he may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the incident.
Alex Stock was portrayed as a callous social climber in A Rape on Campus. He said the magazine should be held accountable for not disciplining Sabrina Erdley. Rolling Stone will not take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister. Hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing. The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe, off the west coast of Africa. The captain and crew of 40 managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel sunk to the ocean bottom. Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
Adele Berry, of Reddish, Greater Manchester, spoke to a call handler in South Africa. She says she made small talk with the man to fill 'dead air' but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him. But she later received a string of messages from the man, who said his name is 'Miguel'The man has sent her 18 messages since she made the call, some of which have referred to his family in Liverpool, making Ms Berry fear he may try to approach her.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences. The 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when footage of him apparently spitting on Josphat Mkhwananzi while racially abusing him on a Brisbane train went viral. He was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification. The teen must abide by strict bail conditions, including a curfew, a ban on entering train stations, and no contact with certain associates.
Dr Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged in his Miami home on Tuesday. He had been left 'devastated' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,' according to those closest to Brandt. Exclusive pictures show Brandt the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High, Irvington, New Jersey.
2015 marks the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo, just south of Brussels in Belgium. The French-speaking world refuses to believe Napoleon lost the battle.
Sinbad, a ginger tabby, was found in a shipping container in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford. Staff at Mediterranean Linens heard meows coming from inside the container carrying laundry linen. The RSPCA was called out to investigate and found the exhausted and ravenous kitten. He had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes and was fed a little at a time. He has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months and will be re-homed.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is'ready' for the play to be shown. An Audience with Jimmy Savile stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile. It will open in London in June, less than three years after the abuse was exposed. Critics have slammed the subject choice, describing it as 'unbelievable'
Rita Ora, 24, has been unveiled as the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign. She showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes. Rocking a red lip and beachy, tousled hair, Rita proves she can cut it as a model.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri. Over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift'It started in 1992, when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $5,000. Then in 2002, he sent his former business teacher a $10,000 check.
Oisin Tymon told police he did not wish to press charges against Clarkson. But North Yorkshire Police have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against him. The incident took place at a hotel in Hawes, North Yorkshire last month.
Richard Curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum, the thin strip which separates the nostrils. He was warned he would have to have his nose removed but could be fitted with a prosthetic. The 71-year-old had a procedure to have metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity in order to hold his prosthetic in place.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday. Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion. Suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.
The death of a 20-month-old boy is being treated as suspicious by police. The child was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services on March the 23rd. Police executed a crime scene warrant at a property on Merrygoen Rd in Neilrex on Wednesday. Police are appealing to the public for any information about the incident.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. Thunderbirds aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002. Original show was made on a factory estate in Slough, Berkshire, on a shoestring budget.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. 'Day said he thought he thought one of the girls was starting to like it. He wasn't moving, his arms were down, his eyes were bulging,' MCCombs told the court.
More than 50,000 Britons have signed up to a scheme offering discount homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder. The project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme. David Cameron today reiterates his pledge to offer the cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers.
Sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to celebrate screening of Sherlock. It took a crew of eight people 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed at him during a postgame news conference at the Final Four. Harrison muttered 'F*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about Kaminsky after Kentucky lost 71-64 to the Badgers. The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1. Harrison has since apologized for his comment.
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place, and can be released at the push of a button. The first of their kind, the shoes, which start from £260, are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles. Canadian-born designer Tanya Heath has lived and worked in Paris for the last 20 years.
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA, researchers have discovered. It could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year. He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged. The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
Body of Andrew Getty, naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon. The 47-year-old grandson of John Paul Getty, once the world’s richest man, Andrew was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room. Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent, who also lived in the house and cared for the child in the days prior to her death, are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. Kent, 46, was granted bail in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence.
Documents released by Edward Snowden claim Britain was spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives. The South American state still claims territorial rights to the remote, wind-swept islands.
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company. It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings. This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal, which runs in the shadow of Manchester City's Etihad Stadium. The Environment Agency are investigating to assess if the foam has harmed any wildlife.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, claims he applied to medical school under a different name and race to get into the St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998. He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. His change in appearance was'so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me'
Pressure on education system has intensified following baby boom and continued migration. Local Government Association warns they may not be able to create more places at rate needed. Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
Hannah and Alex built a two-bedroom, wood and steel home on the back of a 1986 Hino flatbed truck in Nelson, New Zealand. The home is powered mostly by solar panels and water comes from a nearby spring.
Teresa James, 40, from London, started whitening her teeth five years ago. She believes the discomfort is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. Sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 in America.
Pregnant woman and partner left clinging to hull of capsized trimaran in English Channel. Man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent, at 3.30pm yesterday. He tied a rope around himself and dived under the vessel to retrieve a flare. HM Customs cutter was on the water nearby and was able to locate the upturned vessel.
The Dalny Vostok sank this morning in the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. More than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety. The ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
The China National Tourism Administration (CNTA) said on its website on Monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China. If necessary, the police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted. There were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014, who spent $164 billion.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, from Maybee, Michigan, has not been seen since the early hours of October 26, 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her. Police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at Halloween wearing a Poison Ivy costume.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, who both have Cockayne Syndrome. It is a rare genetic disorder characterised by a failure to gain weight, premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head. Sufferers usually don't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia. Mrs Barden has already made arrangements for both daughters' funerals with her husband, Luke.
Tories accuse Labour of a crude new attempt to 'weaponise' the NHS by orchestrating a letter from doctors claiming hospitals will not be safe if David Cameron wins the election. Ed Miliband was also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed that the Coalition had made it harder to get a GP appointment. He claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the A&E crisis.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers. Pakistan is the worst country in the world for having female managers, at a meagre three per cent. The United States of America are among the top 20 countries for having a female boss.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims of Thursday's brutal mass-murders were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican. He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage. The cage was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the 10-year-old autistic boy. The structure was in place from March 10 to March 27, according to ACT Education Minister Joy Burch. Two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school.
Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job. In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job. In Estonia, one of least generous countries, only around 40% did. People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment. The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago. Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom. CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56, who became suspicious. Adams admitted to taking about £65, but relatives suspected the amount was closer to thousands. She escaped with a community order, restraining order and a total fine of £175.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York – the epicenter of hipster culture. Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant. Pingvellir National Park sits atop the fault line that separates the American continent from the European one and provides Iceland with its volcanoes, geysers and geothermal springs.
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name. The student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman, and that they frequently engaged in sadomasochistic role playing that involved using a safe word if one or the other wanted to stop. The university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
Nicholas Figueroa's mother, Ana, was among more than 200 mourners at his funeral. Carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son's image, she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the Church of the Holy Name of Jesus in Manhattan. His father, Nixon, told mourners: 'We're here to show the love we always have for him. I appreciate everybody coming. I'm going to put my son to rest now'His brother, Neal, paid tribute to his 'best friend', who worked as a camp counselor at Manhattan's Asphalt Green sports facility.
BBC axed Richard Hammond and James May from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson's sacking. The motoring programme's website used to feature an image of all three presenters alongside The Stig. Now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet at the top of the page. Hammond and May also revealed they are selling off a dozen bikes from the classic motor cycle collections. BBC say the masthead change is to'simply reflect the fact that none of the presenters are currently in contract on the show'
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric. The series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31. His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales.
John Howard, 66, drained Overseas Press and Media Association's account over two years. Father-of-three had sole access to organisation's account and enjoyed dining alone on £300 meals a month. He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague.
Sexting is 'not advised for politicians', says Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg. Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said it is 'OK for other adults but not for me'Education Secretary Nicky Morgan said it was 'a bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported, often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould, which can affect our brains. Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems. Spores can cause brain inflammation and memory loss, as well as increased anxiety and fear.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment News Hour Plus. 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' Kristi read from one of the messages. The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. The Group.'
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' and asked her to massage him during an appointment. The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing'The Civil and Administrative tribunal reprimanded Mr Dewar last week and banned him from re-registering as a psychologist unless he takes part in counselling.
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver. The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on Wednesday, but miraculously suffered only minor injuries. The two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries.
Victoria's Secret caused huge a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body'More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for an apology, and for the initiative to be scrapped.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19, at 3.40am. He then shot Miss White in the face at close range, according to police in St Paul, Minnesota. Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder and faces up to 40 years in prison. Miss White's 16-year-old brother woke up after hearing his sister scream 'Don't point that gun at me!'
Tiffany Jackson was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended. Three students at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis, Tennessee, were suspended. Officials said they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media', but later overturned decision.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. Footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow. The infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday. But they were killed when Joel Norman, 24, reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car. Now, Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of. driving to endanger - death resulting.
Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry were in London 'on business'They wanted to check up on their 15 hotel staff at The Dorchester in Mayfair. Staff spend mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder and other bad wrecks that shut down highways during the morning commute. No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
Aaron Hernandez's defense team took just one day to deliver their case against prosecutors who spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence. Hernandez's two co-defendants, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, were seen smoking PCP a few days before the crime. Both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party at a £3million mansion in Radlett, Hertfordshire last Friday. Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called. It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house.
Labour will launch a billboard advert using image from the famous 'Labour Isn't Working' poster. But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’Poster features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under Jim Callaghan’s government, but this time places them outside a waiting room.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart. Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said. Passengers disembarked and waited inside the terminal while ill passenger and flight attendant were checked over. Germanwings said a passenger and a flight attendant suffered 'an acute feeling of sickness'
Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers. It doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery. The lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy cover and a plastic body.
Three centres in the UK in Cardiff, London and Northumberland are set to open. Proton Partners International Ltd, is to open the treatment centres by 2017. The first in the Welsh capital is expected to be operational by next year. The only proton beam facility currently in operation is in Wirral, Merseyside.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'Footage shows the youngster backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick'After Sam's ruled out of the game, his younger sister Charlie confidently steps up to the mark.
Official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of showbags contents. Some bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright-such as the Cowboy Bag. Others are a mere 10 cents less than their retail value-like the Fruit Tingles Bag.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time. 'I had that contraction that hit me and brought me to knees,' the mom-of-three said. Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions. Obama said he is convinced talks are the best way forward.
Pete Bennett won the seventh series of Big Brother in 2006. He was given £100,000 of prize money and released a successful autobiography. But he is now broke and living off the charity of friends. He believes that fame on the show kick started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the Class B drug ketamine. He said: 'The fame pushed me in a way that I didn't want to go'
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas - around four miles from where he attended school at McKinney Boyd High. Police have not confirmed how he passed away but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound. Friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager, but said he had recently asked for a transfer.
David Cameron was pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork during a visit to Poole, Dorset. Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing, and refuses to change the way he speaks or behaves.
More than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas. Ukip leader attacked high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV. He said: 'You can come into Britain from anywhere in the world and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 a year per patient'
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed Luciana Maurer, 23, dozens of times in Falkirk, Stirlingshire. Father-of-two then called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them. He pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today and faces life in prison.
Phil Blackwood sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month. The 32-year-old bar manager, who has dual New Zealand and British nationality, was found guilty of insulting religion.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters. The first flight of Operation Babylift – an evacuation of vulnerable Vietnamese orphans and children before the Fall of Saigon – crashed minutes after take-off. Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs at the time of the blast in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire. Her father, George House, 86, said: 'It was really lucky that she wasn't there'Explosion originated in the kitchen, prompting the emergency services to believe it was caused by a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank.
Bus and train lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina. They were used to film a scene in which Harrison Ford's character leaps from a prison transport moments before it is struck by the onrushing train. The scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot.
Chastain and her boyfriend Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan. The building is supposedly haunted by ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski and architect Alfredo Taylor.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night before they headed to a nearby, late-night pizza shop. The 28-year-old Wyong Roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital. The friend, who tried to help fatally injured Mr Gibbons but became 'victim number two', remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
The student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to Duke's student conduct process. The school believes federal education laws protecting information about students and their grades prevent the school from describing his or her gender, race or whether the student had been in trouble.
Programmer Martin Bellander created the graphs to reveal the dominant colour of artworks through history. They show Orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up. The software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online.
Woman was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said. Attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital. Two members of Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) took him hostage. Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu warned of risk of 'provocations' ahead of June election.
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November. His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
Leila Alavi, 26, was found dead in a car park at Auburn Shopping Village in Sydney's west. The apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei. Ms Alavi had moved to Australia from Iran and was studying at Granville TAFE for her future. Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra with initial examination suggesting she had suffered a knife wound to the throat.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, New Jersey, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community. The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday. A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control. The animal was not injured in the incident.
Periscope, an iPhone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet, launched last Thursday. App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it. Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app, there are already a concerning number of users, particularly women, reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife (VEPAW), training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11. She joined the group last November after a four-year stint as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
Scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after 'highly promising results' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses. The vaccine, developed in Canada, is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2. Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours. He has admitted breaking into the home of the person he believes took his daughter against her will. Police have not ruled out foul play in the disappearance of the Longwood University freshman.
David Hyche came up with the idea when his daughter turned blind nine years ago. He has shared the idea with the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham.
Lib Dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country, and risked instability with every late night vote. He told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament, with no one party able to secure an overall majority of MPs in the Commons.
Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving. Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10 as part of commemorations marking 70th anniversary.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge. He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in Lantana, Florida, for allegedly stealing from the $1million home. He must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no. criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday. Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year. This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
Pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the North East of England. The part-time actor was going through customs to board his EasyJet flight. Airport staff discovered he had six £1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding. The boiled-legume dish was removed from his bags along with several Greggs pies.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries. Symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea. Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
Beach-goers were faced with a different kind of sea creature when they entered the water at Victoria's Rye Beach last week - a swimming echidna. The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne. Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers.
Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat. More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip, having been kept like slaves at the Pusaka Benjina Resources fishing company compound. They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
The letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction on Wednesday. Reggie Jackson, who bought the letters 'on a lark,' said he wanted 'a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the Yankees and of New York City'
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver. Legal loophole in official application document on 'private hire driver licensing' says people coming to Britain will not be required to have convictions checked.
Colin Turnbull, 69, was found in a 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim, 39. He was found by a governor at the £13,000-a-year independent Priory School in Birmingham. The fee-paying school's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on the pair. Mr Turnbull has worked at the school for nine years, hiring out a room to offer private tuition.
Samantha Cameron has made her first solo appearance of general election campaign. She swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by Mark Reckless after he defected from Tories last summer. The Prime Minister has made no secret of his desire to kick Mr Reckless's 'fat arse' out of the Commons.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. The poaching vessel Thunder was trailed for more than 100 days before it started to submerged on Monday. Around 35 crew were safely rescued after being held in life rafts.
Producer known as Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music. He posted a clip of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first single. The track, entitled I Won't Mind, sent both One Direction fans and one of Zayn's former band mates into turmoil. Zayn announced he was leaving One Direction last week amid rumours that he was set to launch a solo career.
Ed Balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question during a speech in Leeds. Asked what seven times six equals, Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously. He was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q&A after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four. The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants. Each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell. It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum.
There will be more Muslims than Christians in the world in less than sixty years, Pew Research Center has claimed. The religion's share of the world’s population will equal the Christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070. By 2100 there will be around one per cent more Muslim than Christians, with the largest proportion of followers in India. Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today. Arrested at Luton Airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism. He was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today.
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from Bristol home in February. Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill. An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings, involving her step-brother, take place. Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister. His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 in Benton County Superior Court in March for refusing to provide a gay couple with flowers for their 2013 wedding. A judge ruled that her refusal to provide flowers for the ceremony was a violation of anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws. The florist, a devout Southern Baptist, said her'relationship with Jesus Christ' wouldn't allow her to do the wedding.
Ralph Vaughan Williams's Lark Ascending is the nation's favourite piece of classic music. It topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes. The full poll - 300 pieces of music in total - also includes 12 pieces used to soundtrack video games.
Belinda Earl parachuted in as style director at M&S in September 2012. Has been credited with helping bring in a number of sales hits, including suede skirt worn by Alexa Chung. Sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges promoted by Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole from Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children. He pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston Crown Court after a three-year investigation. He admitted stealing a laptop and TomTom satnav from the charity - despite the fact he was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile following a devastating arson attack in 2011.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night, just a little over a month after she took the car home. On April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes. The rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of the murder of his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, on Thursday. He was also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife. Judge Renee Roche said Santana has 'no glimmer of humanity'
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries. Howie punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault, smashed furnishings, and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff. Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when attack took place. Judge described attack as 'a savage demonstration of violence in a public place'20-year-old admitted to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13. Her body was discovered by firefighters in Ifield, near Crawley, West Sussex, on Friday. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, has been charged with her murder and will appear at Guildford Crown Court.
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. The 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception.
Benito Gonzalez Jr.,46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks. Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago. The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences - including Balmoral in Scotland. They must order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's private Scottish retreat's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' over the killings of Christians around the globe. He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world for Christians persecuted because of their faith. He stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
Eight-strong team of graffiti artists painted 30 phonebooths in five hours overnight. Called the project 'Beijing Warmth' to raise a smile with stressed-out Beijing residents.
Swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version of the Honda Civic around the globe. Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
Not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical. Some are ‘mirror image’ twins. This means that in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise, in the other twin it will swirl anticlockwise. This peculiar ‘looking-glass effect’ extends to the positioning of internal organs.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people. Mr Light's company has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month.
Helaman Barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear of losing his family. He said he lived in fear that Jeffs and other leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he didn't act as they wanted. Barlow said after years of protecting the church, he eventually decided to leave.
Flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.20am. It was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection. All passengers were accommodated on alternative aircraft and proceeded with their journey.
Blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history. A 100-year-old mechanic’s garage in Paddington, Sydney has been sold for $1.2 million. A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell for $2 million after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home.
Retired hairdresser Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago. But after a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from 239 other flats into her apartment, her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined - and she says she now hopes to move.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter. Breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs. Two cereals of choice are added together with a Creme Egg, a handful of Mini Eggs, home-made chocolate brownie and a Flake chocolate bar.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight. Texted her partner: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy'But David replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to'Hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to Twitter, with the caption: 'Well, my April Fools’ backfired :s'
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday. Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia. Along the way, the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels.
Michael Bloomberg 'considering' running for Boris Johnson's job in 2016, according to reports. Bloomberg, 73, was elected to the top Big Apple job three times in a row, and has significant business interests in the city. His Bloomberg financial information company has offices there, while he personally owns a $30m mansion. He has said he thinks of London as his'second home' and is a British citizen.
Sickly sweet dessert is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, for £25. It contains four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream.
Disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in front garden when two dogs pounced. The two dogs dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet. A person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds. A woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the cat to die in agony.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at 125 Second Ave., which is still under a full-vacate order, has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under the bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line.
Cheryl Howe, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with PCOS at the age of 12. Suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS, spending £2,000 a year on razors.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner'Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'He pleaded not guilty at his arraignment last month, and is being held on $25,000 bail.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. Policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley - nicknamed the Skull Cracker - walked out of an open jail in May while on day release.
Dr Joe Hanson, a science writer and biologist based in Austin, Texas, calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements. The average human body has the equivalent of 16kg (35lbs) of carbon in it and enough oxygen to fill a volume equivalent to 6 elephants. This suggests that life may well have first emerged here on Earth - out of a toxic soup of poisonous gas.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended. Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life. Walden was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening. The tour ran for an hour after the NGA was closed for the evening. Stuart Ringholt, the tour guide for the retrospective, said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art. 'You don't have the clothing distracting you. And because of the light installations, everyone is very neutral,' said one woman.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet. Sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse. He also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page. The 42-year-old was jailed for 12 weeks and banned indefinitely from contacting his victim.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed. Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies. Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics. It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia.
Home Secretary Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category, just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately. The new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of Islamophobic hate crimes in Britain. Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech. He toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in  using his voice. The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke, east of Melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online. Daniel, 25, started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard, singing of his love for his brother to the tune of Stay With Me.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation. There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website and that number continues to grow, according to founder David Abitbol. HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger. He claims he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses. Lombardi is suing CBS, Duane Tollison and Albert Colley for violation of labor laws, infliction of emotional distress and discrimination.
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon. The 62-year-old was allowed to attend an addiction studies course in the city's Inchicore suburb. Was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates. She failed last July to have her conviction overturned, though this outing will fuel speculation a full release is imminent.
Nicola Sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage - addressing a nationwide audience of Britons, rather than just the usual five million Scots. For most people outside Scotland, this will have been their first proper view of Scotland’s First Minister. Until now, she had been in the substantial shadow of her noisy and bullish predecessor, Alex Salmond.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp in the Champions League. Neymar scored twice as the La Liga giants eased through to the next round.
Ashley Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17. The Justice Department says it's not taking a position on the accuracy of Diamond's claims, but reminding prison officials that the Eighth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution requires them to provide inmates with individualized assessment and care.
Olsi Beheluli was a member of a gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs. The 24-year-old was jailed alongside Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23, for a total of 31 years. Officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang's'stash house' in Brent, north west London. They also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents, and equipment used for drug dealing.
Teachers set to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven. They want 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play time after lessons. The National Union of Teachers (NUT) wants the UK to follow the lead of Finland.
Collection of props and puppets created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29. The collection from Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100 and some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000.
Labour leader's looks proved a hit with viewers during last night's debate. Viewers took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy grey tie' and smouldering looks. One Twitter user compared Miliband to Hansel from Zoolander, adding: 'He's so hot right now'Another asked why no one had asked Miliband a question about his hair.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions. Jayden's father, Skeeter, was unable to get a word in edgewise as the youngster continued with his story.
Wade Robson and James Safechuck are expected to find out on Tuesday if they will be allowed to sue for a slice of the late King Of Pop's $1.5 billion estate. Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. If Judge Beckloff gives them a green light to proceed with their civil claim, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against Jackson.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion. The collection is said to be a nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties and features bold Indian Pinks, Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues. Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano were in the front row.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School. The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation. The prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but Defense Attorney Michael Alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each. The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast. The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree.
Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin says. He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter. He reportedly wished to take his family to Oakland, but there was no way to do so. The US has withdrawn diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease, before taking to the stage for a live lip sync battle against their co-hosts on Thursday morning’s show. Savannah, in a leather jacket and sunglasses, was Danny, originally played by John Travolta while Carson sported a blonde wig and a Pink Ladies bomber jacket to play Sandy. Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales donned white wigs for their performance of Sia's Chandelier. The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV's new series Lip Sync Battle.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago. The couple then dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan. The home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets.
14million working households are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes. Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money. He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on 'crackpot Government schemes'Shadow chancellor Ed Balls will point to figures showing families are £1,100 a year worse off.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One. The third episode of the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC's rebranding exercise. It showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement. KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year, and a billion comes from the UK alone.
Amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen, 57, set up the observatory shed at the bottom of his garden in Letchworth, Hertfordshire, after he left his job five years ago. The photograph of the chick-like sunspot was taken using a telescope that focuses on a specific wavelength of light and allows him to see the details created on the sun's surface.
Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France. Up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of €200 (£145) for two nights. Guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers, who had to manually guide boats through the waters on the Carantec coast.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act. Police found dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and notes on how to make a bomb. The equipment was found after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Belfast-born Iain Watters is back to revive Easter classic, the Simnel cake. The cake is decorated with orange zest and edible rose petals to celebrate the 12 apostles.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands coast. Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory. Discovery comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires, exactly 33 years after Argentina invaded the islands, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers. The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park. The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester. The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday. Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. And in September, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party.
David Beckham and Holly Willoughby voted the stars we'd most like to have as parents. Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum voted as the men we would most like as our brothers.
Poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad. The towers, costing the Polish government £2.5million, will range from 115ft to 164ft. They will help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk. They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. Mark Lippert, 42, was bleeding from deep wounds to his face and wrist but was able to walk after the attack. Doctors said his condition was stable after'very successful' surgery that required 80 stitches in his face.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired into crowd of people outside apartment complex in College Park, Georgia, on Saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone, police said. But while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks, another hit Tilson's son, Pierre, in the head. Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from the other boy. When first responders arrived at the scene, the teenager was lying unconscious on the floor. He was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head, it is alleged. Tilson was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children, after shocked witnesses told police she had seemingly accidentally shot her son.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. The botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016. Theme park will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions. Final instalment, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, is debuting on Nov 20, 2015.
Andy Murray watched Barcelona defeat PSG 2-0 with best man Ross Hutchins. Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning. He posted on his Twitter account how impressed he was with the pilot's pre-flight speech. He said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal'Pilot Andreas Lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in Europe in recent history.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'The pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured. Emergency services, including an air ambulance, were called but she died at the scene.
Made In Chelsea star Andy Jordan has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear. He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London. Andy also co-owns a surf school in Devon, where he is an instructor.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 5-3 on away goals to progress to the last four of the Champions League. Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Robert Lewandowski, Thomas Muller and Xabi Alonso scored for the German giants.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off North Carolina coast on Thursday. He said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean, and by catching rainwater in a bucket. But doubters have questioned how Jordan, who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder, seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal. Rebutting his critics for the first time yesterday, he said: 'God knows I am a truthful man'
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District. The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch (25cm) device, move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. Air is drawn into the 'Q' using small inlets on the rear and are driven by the so-called impellers, or bladed fins. This airflow pulls in additional air using the large round air inlets plotted around the Q, and all of this is released through the main outlet. The fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears posed for the photograph with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin. Spears' bosses at DPS saw the posting and then cited him, according to the Dallas Morning News.
Jamie Carragher believes John Terry is the best defender to have ever played in the Premier League. Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Blues boss Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance as the 'best' he has seen.
Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's palace. Comes on same day Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak. Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, the official said.
Aaron Tate, 29, and Rachel Jaajaa, 22, charged with child endangering. Police say they couldn't agree who would take care of their three-month-old over the weekend and the father left her at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust. Ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to find she also had the STD. 'I’ve stopped him seeing the kids because he hasn’t paid for them,' she said.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, Army Spc Caleb Barnes, 20, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy in the March 15 slaying of Cheryl Silvonk, 54, in Upper Macungie Township, Pennsylvania. Barnes was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying. He confessed to stabbing the victim in the neck multiple times while they were in the car, and Jamie Silvoonk admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body, according to an affidavit of probable cause. The eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go. 'Mom, if I can't go I'm going to have a mental breakdown,' she said.
Jayla Currie, 23, from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison. The program allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences. Jayden, one, celebrated his first birthday in prison with a party that featured donated presents and a colorful cake shared by the prison staffers.
Ronaldinho scored twice in Queretaro's 4-0 win over Club America. The 35-year-old replaced team-mate Emmanuel Villa with six minutes left on the clock.
Amanda Knox and then boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were cleared of murder of Meredith Kercher. They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox returned to the US where she rebuilt her life. Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again. Knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed 'because I know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one's life'
Sofia, Bulgaria, offers the best value for Britons when it comes to the cost of common incidentals, according to TripAdvisor's annual study. A night's stay in a four-star hotel, along with your room service order, will only set you back £63.78 in Sofia.
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three-year stand-off with Natural England over access to Durdle Door beach. Steps to access the iconic rock archway on the Dorset Jurassic coast had been washed away during storms in 2012. Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law for three years by claiming they did not form part of the coastal path.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark on her neck. Doctors told her parents it was nothing to worry about. But within weeks it had nearly killed her. Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels.
George Osborne said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula in Poole, Dorset for £13million. The beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. One of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom, while the other has four. The homes have been built on a 3,000sqm plot, which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house.
Oskar Groening, 93, is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost 49 family members in the Holocaust and lost her parents and sister. She says seeing him in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' and that 'for me it's not about the punishment'Her comments come after another Holocaust survivor said he should not be prosecuted. Eva Kor, 81, publicly embraced Groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness.
Doctors told Cara Newton, 32, she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally. She was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in April 2009. She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. The couple tried IVF using a donor egg but when that failed, they feared the worst. But 10 months later, to their utter surprise, she conceived baby Sebastian naturally.
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind.
Neil Bantleman found guilty of abusing three young boys at Jakarta Intercultural School. He was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine of 100 million rupiah (£5,200)Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant. Both men, who have strongly denied committing abuse, received backing from school, parents and international community.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite. Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. He claims he and more than 100 colleagues were employed on a zero-hours basis, with no entitlement to sick pay or paid leave.
Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. They're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions. This month's event is now booked out at the Sydney Observatory however more tickets may be released on Saturday morning if weather conditions improve.
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20-45 years in jail for second-degree murder. He broadsided Francesca Weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police following botched burglary. The crash flipped her vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year in Redford, Detroit. Her death caused outrage when it was revealed he had been paroled not five months prior.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February. Her three daughters, Alexa, Danielle and Julia, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks. Alexa said that her mother was her best friend and that she would think of her every time she smiled. Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody say that people are still jumping to conclusions about what happened.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears at a suburban New York hospital. Spears, who chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media, was convicted by a jury in White Plains, New York, last month. Prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence, saying Spears made her son ill because she had a bizarre need for attention.
Hannah Campbell, 30, suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit Basra. She was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered. Doctors told her she would never conceive again, but she gave birth to Lexi-River. But when ten days old she suffered excruciating stomach pain and was rushed to hospital. Doctors found she had a perforated ulcer and operated to stem the bleeding.
David Cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma. Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder. He made no mistakes but there were no surprises either. Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage, ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine. Sturgeon was probably the best performer of the night, leaning one elbow on her lectern. Natalie Bennett feigned fiery but her breathless delivery and dodgy script-reading implied some levels of stage fright.
Nicola Sturgeon hailed as shock winner of last night's TV debate according to one poll. It inflicted a damaging blow to Ed Miliband's election hopes, with Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage. Overall, an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead – and to the Tories’ delight, he emerged with a clear lead on who is seen ‘most capable of leading the country’
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes. More than half haven't let visitors in to certain rooms, and 36 per cent steer people away from coming to visit altogether.
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect in the hit BBC drama Poldark. Now, it seems eagle-eyed fans have a new question on their lips: just where has Aidan's chest hair gone?
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint. Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector. The imaging works in both video and still photography.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said Nick Clegg was 'not the most popular'He said that a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours'But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn. Mr Clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the 2010 election campaign.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday. Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013.
Prince is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April and will split his time between capital Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. Harry will be taken straight to the Australian War Memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty. The 30-year-old will then report to Australia's defence chief, Air Chief Marshal Mark Binskin, and army boss Lieutenant General David Morrison. He will also take part in urban training exercises, regional bush patrols and joint fire exercises.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years. She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent. Ms Patel told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn and disposed of the body in a dumpster behind Moe's Southwest Grill.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex. Locals in the area were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers. Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film, which has now been viewed more than 235,000 times.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the chain's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options. The new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-Calorie loaded bagel, one 640-coconut-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' steak and cheese wrap. 'This new menu is laden with calories and fat. Many of these calories are considered 'empty calories' meaning that they have little or no nutritional value,' cardiologist Dr Kevin Campbell told Daily Mail Online.
MIND diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad, along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine. These 'brain-healthy foods' lowered risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly. For those that followed it moderately well, it lowered the risk by about 35 per cent.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon. Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid will both be missing one player each in the second leg of their Champions League quarter final next week. Marcelo and Suarez were unhappy with referee Milorad Mazic.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. But within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day. Unable to sleep because of the racket, the photography student asked unemployed Mark Ray, 56, to turn it down. But she was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated in violent threats and stalking.
There were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, which came to an end on Wednesday - including housewares, furniture, fine art, jewelry and clothing. Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched $173,000.
Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a yellow taxi in May last year. The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries. She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch. The school has banned all pre-packed lunches and cut their lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes.
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. On Friday, U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday.
Jasper and Jasmine surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems. After six months of rehabilitation, in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored, they were found a loving new home. The couple decided to 'wed' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save them.
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in the Millers' 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday. Matt Derbyshire scored the only goal of the game in the Championship meeting. The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel who hope to rule before end of the season.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, proposed to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger in October. He was on a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose when he got talking to a group of SouthWest employees. They gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror'He said it would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb in the Middle East. Obama has hailed the deal as a 'historic understanding' but Israel fears an Iranian nuclear attack.
Callie Thorpe was listed on the letter supporting Miliband as a receptionist. But online she describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger, fan of lipsticks, food, travel and self love'Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Miliband hours earlier, she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
A 50-year-old man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death. Police say five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it. The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder. He was also charged with enter dwelling with intent, contravention of a domestic violence order, driving whilst disqualified and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle.
Former national security chief Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking state secrets. He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed if he is found guilty. The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher at a Tuesday night town hall meeting. Kathy Mooney, a high school English Teacher from Roselle Park, questioned Christie's decision-making behind a $225million legal settlement with oil company ExxonMobil. 'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association said.
Kadeem Brown, 25, died at the scene of the crash in the Bronx, New York. Little Tierre Clark, 5, was waiting at a bus stop with her mother when she was hit by the cab. The driver, 44-year-old Emilo Garcia, suffered a seizure moments before the crash.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of the Salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. Comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit, retaken from the Islamic State group this week.
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures and the risk of flooding.
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page. According to several commenters on the post, the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney. NSW Police also shared the image with the caption 'The heat is on'
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater. He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer. Kane has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006. They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, and a master’s degree in artificial intelligence. He was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker. In June 2014, the pair discovered their donor was called James Christian Aggeles. He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
Mohammad Liaqat racially abused teachers at Mount Carmel Roman Catholic High School in Accrington, Lancashire, after Muslim students were told they could not grow beards. The 34-year-old launched into a 'racist tirade' at white members of staff, police said. He then moved on to another school, where he assaulted the headteacher after he was asked to leave, Burnley Crown Court heard. He was found guilty of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was taken to jail Sunday for allegedly pointing a laser at passing cars. The 27-year-old told police he was just having fun with the laser and did not know it was illegal. He was also charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. The technology developed for Icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets, namely Europa, a moon of Jupiter.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut. Her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations. She is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand on Saturday. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. The best spot this morning was at the Mississippi River, where spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am PT.
Number of GPs from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade. Number will rise further over the next few years as NHS is short of homegrown medics.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London created a simulation of how the virus spreads. They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading'It accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial. The model was inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms such as the highly damaging 'Conficker' worm.
Gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during past five years. Critics say employers are taking advantage of older workers by failing to train and promote them. Under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s.
Jan Hansen, 58, hopes to raise £1,000 from sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice. The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
Daniel DeMarco, 28, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. DeMarco was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI. He is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday.
TSA got to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers at airport security last year. Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind $2.7 million in quarters and dimes.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans. Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder.
Youtube user Joe Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project. The animated video features a robot building a spaceship, heading off into the atmosphere and finding love.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. The pictures were taken over China, Thailand, Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. But they say Labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. Letter, signed by heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10. The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Mike Holpin, 56, from Ebbw Vale, South Wales, claims he has fathered 40 children by 20 women. Claims 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives. Three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattoo on his back.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh, loves to party the night away dancing on tables. Retired hairdresser loves to dress up in 'kinky' outfits and go out drinking until the early hours. 'I really enjoy myself, I party hard,' she admitted on the Channel 5 show OAPs Behaving Badly. 'Whatever time I have left I am going to party and love it till I die,' she said.
French MPs voted to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines. MPs highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible. Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Forty-nine precious stones followed. Elliot remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend due to the cost of penalty rates on public holidays. Penalty rates will come into force from Good Friday to Easter Monday in retail, restaurant, hotel, pharmacy, fast food, dry cleaning, amusements and hair and beauty sectors. The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing. From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Harold Ekeh, 18, is a straight A student at Elmont Memorial High School in Long Island, New York. He says he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges, including all eight Ivy League schools. He moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago with his parents Roseline and Paul. Says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded.
More than 200 Yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern Iraq after nearly a year in Islamic State captivity, Kurdish military said today. The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of Kirkuk. The Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim. The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and the Telephone Preference Service (TPS) registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year. Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them.
Jamyra Gallmon, of Washington D.C., was arrested on Wednesday, according to police. She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt. Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after Messerchmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45pm to tell her he would be home in an hour. The next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about'A computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema kit were recovered from the room.
RunBase is just a few blocks from the finish line, and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race. RunBase is a shoeseum of sorts: part shoe store, part museum, part clubhouse and part retail store. It is the sixth RunBase for Adidas 0 the first in the U.S., but it will differ from locations from Tokyo to Prague because of its association with the Boston Marathon.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. It comes as Ms Bines - who is from the Gold Coast in Queensland - also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Australia's Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways. China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers. An audit by the UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) reported that it found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
Tidwell Middle School student, aged 13 or 14, started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year that was called 'Killing Children', with the tag line: 'This is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate'There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'The district and the boy's parents maintained the blog was a work of fiction, describing it as a horror story.
Scientists in Italy have extracted the oldest ever DNA sample to be taken from a Neanderthal. Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’, a skeleton found in a cave in 1993, suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Location in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire also being used to radicalise Muslims. Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in community but 'have ulterior motive', says officer. Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook over the death of her son Freddie. Three-year-old was killed when trailer mounted pavement and crushed him to death in Bristol. Mrs Hussey had just dropped her son Archie to school when trailer came loose from passing Land Rover. Driver Tony Davies, 38, was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room. He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river. Pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Ukip figures insist the party would carry on if Nigel Farage failed to become an MP. Mr Farage has vowed he would stand down if he fails to win the Thanet South seat he is contesting. But Diane James, an MEP and the party's justice and home affairs spokesman, insists the show would go on without him and that Ukip was 'not at all' a one-man band.
Ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract insects. They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced. When a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, it's used to fertilise the seed. Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000, which he paid immediately. He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped while driving through Belgrave Square.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio, 23. He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog, and using its blood to write messages on the wall. In court documents, Santana admitted to strangling and stabbing the Disney World employee to death, and then having sex with her corpse. The two had a third roommate who Santana also allegedly tried to kill, and for which he faces an attempted murder charge.
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head while waiting in a Las Vegas hotel buffet line on Easter Sunday. He was reportedly upset because he'd lost free buffet eating privileges he'd won from the casino in a suburb of Las Vegas. Noble sent a 270 page package to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Monday. Included in the package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse', wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned.
Dozens of workers at Mauritius factory have been sacked and deported. Bangladeshi migrant workers produce clothes for Whistles, Topshop and Next. Workers were treated roughly by police during protests over pay and conditions.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his recent divorce. He says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising, and he couldn't buy a bigger vessel. The boat has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
New EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured. This means that Gross National Income will rise - pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the 0.7 per cent target. Britain is now the second largest aid donor in the world.
John Shipton's two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday. The unique home was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million, but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March. The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. Now, one scientist says this may not be true, and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within. The research marks a significant step toward solving the 'information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years.
University of Sydney is running a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College. Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses, including bachelor degrees in health sciences, liberal arts and science, animal and veterinary bioscience, visual arts, music and oral health, or in a diploma of law. The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning, and is only being offered to pupils at the prestigious Sydney private school.
The Large Hadron Collider was restarted today after being turned off for two years during a major renovation project that cost £100million. The world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.
Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as Lucentis. It is estimated widespread use of the drug would save the NHS around £102million a year. But the BMJ says drug company Novartis has consistently tried to ‘undermine and divert attention’
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, was convicted of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud. He stage-managed several collisions in a £1m 'crash for cash' scam that took place over three years. The elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses. Passengers on the bus, who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam, could falsely claim from insurers. The crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith £159,000.
Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday. Labor senator Penny Wong shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning. It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months. Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident. Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash. But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck 'floating ice'
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year. He was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and weighed only 558 grams. He developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections. His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son.
Planning application submitted for David Beckham's home shows plans for a 'cinema room'The Beckhams could fit 20 seats — enough for their family of six plus friends — in the room. George Clooney, who recently purchased a £10million manor house with his barrister wife Amal, is also building a home cinema.
Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation.
Julian Lines, 42, was filmed scaling a 60ft cliff in the Cairngorms, Scotland. The Northern Irishman is seen grappling to find footholds and handholds in the sheer rock face. He said 'life's problems just seem to evaporate' when he is climbing, he said.
Managers from London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours. It is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds. She said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland because they don't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country. Scotland has among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the UK.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal. He said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on Thursday. Said: 'A deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel'Added: 'Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. It would pave it'Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his badge and gun and will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force. He appeared on NBC 4 New York tonight to'sincerely apologize' for shouting at an Uber driver. He said: 'People shouldn’t be treated that way. I let my emotions get the better of me and I was angry'
35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities. Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
Residents of Celoron, N.Y., say a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is'monstrous'The statue depicts Ball during one of her most loved moments on the pioneering show 'I Love Lucy,' her intoxicated pitch for the Vitameatavegamin health tonic.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion. The Louvre attracts 9.7 million visitors a year, more than any other museum in the world.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, shows off her toned figure in a Marysia scallop edged black teeny bikini. Celebrities including Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that wouldn't look out of place on a 25 year old.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in. Pictures show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
Engineers believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants. They found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light. This means they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways. It’s estimated that around five per cent of homes in the UK have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage.
Move comes ahead of a military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the Second World War. The brand is called The Army of Russia and features balaclavas, shiny'military boots', sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans 'Polite', and 'Politeness conquests the cities'Move comes as the Russian military machine asserts itself in Ukraine and on the borders of the Baltic States.
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco. This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling. A Los Angeles County Superior Court judge is set to decide if Stiviano must return gifts to her ex Sterlung.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph. He is accused of deliberately veering his 4x4 off the M1 causing it to explode as it hit trees. Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by Ian Walters as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield, Leicestershire.
Duke University and the police are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree. Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina. Area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity and Center for Multicultural Affairs.
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout. Tessier achieved scouting's highest rank last year after being one of the most prominent openly gay scouts speaking out to change the ban on gay participation. The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
High winds have caused chaos in the United Arab Emirates. Four flights bound for Dubai International Airport were diverted. A 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed.
Eccentrically-disguised man entered branch of U.S Bank in Santa Cruz, California. He handed cashier a note demanding money at around 3pm last Friday. His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire. Robin Williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny in the movie.
Madison Small, 18, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away. The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, Utah, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. He spent more than $40,000 fighting the city in court.
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. President Obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis. The 11th grade student attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C.
Drug was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca with the original aim of treating certain types of tumour, but was shelved after it proved ineffective. Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how treatment, called AZDO5030, restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought he would be 'non-compliant' with the treatment.
Cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture, which was the brainchild of artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth and photographer Michael Cooper.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend. Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind. Police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident while the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. It is believed two men had been removed from the venue on Swanston Street when they allegedly assaulted two male staff members at about 10.13pm.
The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area. It is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. The city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth.
Lauren Crawley, 54, a housewife from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again. Surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it. Around 100,000 people in Britain have facial palsy. It can be caused by a stroke, traumatic injury, damage after surgery, or simply because of a virus damaging the facial nerve.
Queensland amusement park Dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee. Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year. She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride. Ms Prince claims that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw, now 12, was born with cerebral palsy after a Caesarean section failed to be carried out or properly monitor her during labour. High Court ruled that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay Ms Adams in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries. James cannot speak, dress or feed himself (without assistance of a machine) and must use a wheelchair. His intellect has remained fairly well intact and he communicates through eye-gaze equipment.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to turn herself into an Easter bunny. Mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. She is able to sit but cannot walk, and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around. Her caregivers said she became obsessed with Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball after her teenage roommate played the track.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman, 54, three times with the hammer. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in next door in 2007. Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court in London.
Gang of four tried to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket in Kenilworth, Warwickshire. They spent eight minutes trying to access the vault - causing £20,000 worth of damage - before speeding off in a stolen Audi RS7 at 3.20am on September 29 last year. Driver Dean Beech, 37, reached speeds of over 145mph in the stolen Audi. Gang members Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, were also part of the four-strong gang. They all admitted conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking and have been jailed.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into a post office wielding an axe and demanding cash. Shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard McKerry's demands and rugby tackled him to the floor. His wife then appeared clutching her son's baseball bat and managed to subdue him further. McKerry pleaded guilty at Durham Crown Court, via videolink from prison, to attempted robbery from the post office on March 15.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, is suspected of killing his fiancee and nine of her relatives. He is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match. He has been on the run ever since, but returned to his home town at the weekend.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina, around 10:30am on March 18.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, was arrested in front of daughter Aimee, now 19. Cleveland Police claimed she had left the child alone for 45 minutes in the cold in the garden. The 56-year-old was led away from her former boyfriend's house amid false claims of child neglect. Police officer Colin Helyer 'lied' to local authority child abuse investigation to justify arrest.
Michelle Gent used party offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for films. Former Lib Dem councillor, 50, directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women. Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Two Ryanair planes clipped each other as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport. Passengers on both planes were taken back to the terminal by bus and put on replacement aircraft. Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution, but were not needed.
28 fossilised cone snail shells are up to 6.6 million years old. Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted. Instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots.
British scientists have discovered an ‘Achilles’ heel’ in prostate cancer. Samples were taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten men with disease. Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads. Could lead to better treatment for 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the disease.
Labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’Ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Organisers of the annual event released a statement announcing that it has been cancelled. The decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country. It was headlined by rapper Drake and DJ Avicii.
The Melbourne apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108. It is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country. The 750 square metre apartment on Southbank promenade boasts 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, a private grand foyer and glass elevator. The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed.
The letters were written between August 1946 and November 1949 and saved by Jose Bartoli until his death in 1995. The letters are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 when they are auctioned off at Doyle New York on April 15.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him. He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Harvey Weinstein groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan last Friday night. It has been claimed the model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case, it has been alleged.
Luo Kun Kun was banished from his village in south-eastern China's Sichuan province. He contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old. The boy was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact with him. He spent his days playing alone in the woods, but has now been admitted to a specialist school. The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after HIV-positive children.
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire, on Sunday night. A 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail. A post-mortem examination failed to establish a cause of death and results of further tests will not be known 'for some time'
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns. The $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers. Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. The Republic of Ireland assistant manager has denied committing a public order offence. It is claimed he behaved aggressively towards Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Altrincham, Cheshire. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Passengers will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook. #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's Dreamliner 787 routes. The app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers can chat and spark debate in the air creating an onboard community.
Amelia Rose Jones was 41 days old when she was allegedly murdered by her grandfather. Mark Jones, 45, is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at his daughter's home in Pontnewydd, south east Wales. The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by Jones. Jones, of Cwmbran, Wales, denies murder at Newport Crown Court.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship. Couple, from Ward End, Birmingham, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. Jabreen pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change of circumstances and a charge of making a false representation.
The F-35 Lightning II jet's $400,000 helmet allows pilots to see through the plane's frame. Six infrared cameras around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies. All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor rather than the traditional 'heads-up display. Earlier versions of the helmet did not deal well with turbulence and there was a delay in the state-of-the-art video system.
Allie Davis, 21, based in Minneapolis, delivered her beau the ten-question document, which she dubbed 'The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test'She informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'Allie, whose Twitter handle is 'Yonce', later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000+ followers.
Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday. Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years.
Tracy Morgan was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven for a shopping trip in New Jersey on Monday. It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others. Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating seas into warm stagnation, according to a new study. This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because 'I can’t see out of my eye, and that's the way it’s going to be until something comes along that’ll change it'The lawmaker's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his Nevada home with a plastic exercise band is one that has been questioned, mostly by conservatives, especially after Reid announced his retirement last month.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and  'kill whomever I can kill'She told the dispatcher she wanted to be deported to Jordan. Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Harvey Weinstein, 63, asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. He has spoken to police and denied the accusations, but a recorded conversation between him and the model shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed. The model's lawyer said his client was 'creeped out' by her alleged encounter with Weinstein, who is behind hit movies including Pulp Fiction, The King's Speech and Gangs Of New York.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd. Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye. Hernandez, 25, is charged with killing Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, faces being struck off the medical register. Claims he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face as part of hospital treatment. But witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him, tribunal hears.
The little owls were photographed by Dean Mason, 49, in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire. The birds are small owls, a species which typically measures 22cm tall and is most common in southern England.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment. Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan. Service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation.
Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh, after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his PTSD. In February, Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were'surviving' now that they finally had time to process their son's death, following the end of his killer's trial. He said it was difficult to attend the trial and sit in the same room as his son's murderer.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east suburb of Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries. It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats. Priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played Judas Escariot, and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. The girl, who has not been identified because she is a minor, told police that she was her 'boyfriend'Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2. The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished. Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours. He was arrested on six charges including obstructing justice, possessing ammunition after a felony and one charge of breaking and entering.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court on Tuesday. He was charged with indecent assault on a 15-year-old girl at a rap concert in Sydney's inner-west. The Sudanese refugee allegedly touched the girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ign at Enmore Theatre on Australia Day. Charges were laid against Hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the Australia Day rap concert, which resulted in several people being assaulted.
The bodies of four people, including two young boys under the age of ten, were discovered in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Police found the bodies after the mother's employer requested a welfare check because she had not shown up to work for two days. Officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father and are not seeking a suspect.
Australia’s very own nocturnal, rabbit-eared Easter mascot is under threat with bilby numbers becoming dangerously low. The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland. Small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia. Predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering in 1959. The party, held on 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign. But the former prime minister, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs. Pictures were taken by Paul Begley, a US Navy photographer who was the official presidential photographer not only for Eisenhower but also Harry Truman and John F. Kennedy.
The new pub will be built in Prince Charles' model village Poundbury, Dorset. It will be named after the Duchess of Cornwall and will have 20 bedrooms. Prince Charles is building the village on his Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester. Poundbury already has a pub, The Poet Laureate, but there is growing demand for another.
Gary Dahl, the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the Pet Rock, has died at age 78 in southern Oregon. His rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975. They came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding'Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
Michael Olsen, 52, from Dartford, Kent, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson. He had abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars. He initially ignored the officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head. PC Bird lunged at Olsen in a bid to save his colleague but as he did he was shot in the hand. Olsen denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty at Inner London Crown Court.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with cancer in 2013. He was told he had stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma and had just two months to live. He booked St David's Church for his funeral and ordered mourners not to wear black. He wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his fiancee Lisa Williams to read to them after he died. But after making a miraculous recovery he was told his cancer is now in remission. He has rebooked the church for his wedding to Miss Williams and is due to marry her on July 25.
Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19. The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's Santander details for just £3,200. He then spent her savings on cheeseburgers, bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers. He now claims he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers. If he does not repay the money he will have to spend four more years in prison.
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003, a three-year period during which Castro kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Ohio home. She describes Castro in the new book The Lost Girls as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic. She says she visited Castro often, and sometimes ran into his ex-wife Grimilda Figueroa.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with Bruce Jenner. Jenner's Cadillac Escalade'rear-ended' her white Lexus, which was pushed into oncoming traffic. Mrs Howe's two step-children are said to have 'lawyered up' to launch a wrongful death suit.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction, Alaska, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. But he was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back. He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Rosie, 27, models her new summer sleepwear range for Autograph at M&S. The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, showcases her super toned body in new imagery. The Devon-born model was inspired by all things oriental and vintage glamour.
Gertrude Weaver, the world's oldest person, died at 116 on Monday in Camden, Arkansas. Weaver inherited the title last Wednesday, after the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan. Weaver asked President Barack Obama to attend her birthday party on the Fourth of July. Weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police after visiting a New Hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform. The jacket he wore to the stand on Wednesday allegedly included police patches. It is not known whether Lacasse identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress.
Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a Ybor City bar alone on February 12 after a night of partying, having finished work at 11pm at Ulele Restaurant, where she was a waitress. Her blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, and detected the presence of THC, a component of marijuana. Foster's family believe she drove into the wrong Brandon subdivision, then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down into the lake.
Singer-songwriter, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet. Sam Smith is the star of Vogue.co.uk's April 'Today I'm Wearing' slot.
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo. Photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK. It beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title of Britain's Best Breakfast. It was picked out for its value for money, food quality and customer satisfaction.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol, survey found. Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out, poll found. It also revealed the risky effects of drinking, as young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. Effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing and would be serving shorter punishments had they been convicted today.
Iain Mackay, 40, from Stornoway, Scotland, bled to death in Hua Hin, Thailand. He is understood to have argued with his Thai girlfriend moments before his death. He also clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar. Mr Mackay was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. Alaska is second, followed by New Jersey with $70,165. Hawaii and the District of Columbia, where middle class citizens are paid an average higher than $67,500.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those undergoing sex change operations or cross-dressers. The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin. The curriculum includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady and how to dress according to body shape.
Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan, has never lost a piece of luggage since 1994. Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage, seven of the ten are located in Asia. The airport's impeccable baggage record has to do with the way it places suitcases on carousels.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message. Ellanora Baidoo hopes to finally begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him Facebook messages.
Jane Bacon, 51, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh. Bought £1,000-trip with husband Peter, 52, after being told she could die within months from breast cancer. But doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy. She contacted budget airline to delay her trip after discovering she needed treatment. She received an email asking her to pay £176 to change her flights, before signing it off with 'I wish you a pleasant day'
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March. He was allegedly using the registration number of a female nurse who had handed it back a few years ago. The man was receiving a $100,000 annual salary and accommodation from Queensland Health in the six weeks he was at the hospital.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta. Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams. Prosecutor Deni Iswanto on Thursday finalised the charges against the men.
Google has developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online. System would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user. The California giant's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year. His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, entered Lance, his older brother Joe, 15, and his sister Jayden, seven.
The festival marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday. In a diverse display of traditions, thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks. Others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation in demonstrations of commitment to their faith.
Comedian Sarah Silverman, 44, is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60. The actress, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, gets serious for Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of Equal Pay Day.
Rosetta swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface on Saturday. Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel. It shows the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right. The European Space Agency also recently released a trove ofimages captured by the Rosetta probe during its long journey to Comet 67P/ Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service. Nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent. It boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol'It ends thanking the listener for 'tuning in'
Jon Bon Jovi has sold his 7,500-square-foot New York City penthouse for $37.5million. The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit. The sale, by Douglas Elliman, was reported by Street Easy, though the buyer is not known.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed. The Environment Agency says it has a legal duty under EU-backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species. The £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long furry creatures from their bankside burrows on the Somerset Levels ahead of dredging work.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, carried out 35 thefts. Most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-old man. The trio would drive alongside their victims in a silver Mercedes C200 until they got close to their house.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of first-degree murder in February in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. He was captured on a surveillance camera fleeing the Kankakee jail dressed in a guard's uniform and sped off in his SUV.
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie, South Australia, has caused controversy after a picture appeared on Google Maps Street View showing her bearing her size-K breasts. The 38-year-old was reported by police with disorderly behaviour and handed herself into police voluntarily. South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believes it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary. 'I think it's outrageous, but I know young juvenile offenders who have been questioned over certain things who have had the same thing happen to them,’ he said.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and his wife Justine watched Pride. He said: 'Pride is about the lesbian and gay community in London who go and help the miners in Wales'Pride stars Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton and tells the story of coal miners in a tough working-class community in Wales. Mr Miliband was asked about Jeremy Paxman's description of him as a 'north London geek'
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early, weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations. He was given just a 10 per cent chance of survival and his parents were told on many occasions he was too weak to live. Benjamin battled on and has defied medics to approach his first birthday.
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded the signatories as members of the '1 per cent'Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms'Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them. Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall. Brown's move to get tough on water use came after his push for voluntary conservation yielded mixed results.
A chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat. The five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania Origin chocolate, contains a staggering 548,000 calories... and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes. Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists including Jackson Pollock and Banksy using Fairtrade chocolate. Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo is selling punk-inspired eggs for $60 each. Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are selling a 2.2kg chocolate ganache egg costing $132.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken. The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states - New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin.
Tyecka Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson. Evans initially told police she was sleeping at home when her child stopped breathing. But Evans later admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013. Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets. The dogs are supposed to be euthanised humanely with a legal injection but in reality they can be clubbed to death, set on fire and left for dead. K-9 Angels charity fronted by singer Pola Pospieszalska, TV wildlife presenter Anneka Svenska and former Playboy model Victoria Eisermann has re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK.
Researchers in Massachusetts say a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills. They are working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has Parkinson's disease. It can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad by analysing the way they type.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book. Ms Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business, Sweets and Sweat, in September 2013. Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ms Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012. 'I thought, that was OK she's going to share a couple of my recipes, give me some credit and that was it,' she told Daily Mail Australia.
Olivia Palermo, who found fame on reality TV show The City, has teamed up with luxury British brand Aspinal of London to design a tote. Olivia's £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf.
Rob Ford announced on Thursday that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in May. He hopes to return to work as a councilor in September, he said. Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election.
TOWIE star joined Ukip leader Nigel Farage on a boat trip in Grimsby. Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a'really, really reem guy'Farage said: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure. What does that mean?'
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of blood cancer. The state agency won temporary custody of Cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them. Cassandra has been at Children's Medical Center in Hartford since December receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed.
Images show the city of Golmud, in the country's north west Qinghai Province, as it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm which reduced visibility to as little as 30 metres. China's National Meteorological Centre has now issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions.
Passenger 'Bethanie' left a heartfelt note to the pilot who 'got her home safely'A screenshot of the letter was shared on Twitter, and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares. The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4.
Sherry Dillion has been given a place in the Top Model of Colour competition. The single mother-of-two says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home. She is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth while she finds a permanent home. The winner will receive a modelling contract, jewellery, clothes and shoes and other prizes.
The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales. Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles. It is voted the UK's number one beach, third best in Europe, and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month. Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. The wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and even Tunisia despite only going missing a month ago. The three-inch ornament is part of a set of three that had sat on a shelf in the pub lounge.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain after falling from bed. But her carers failed to seek medical help and lifted her back into bed. Susan Logan, 59, and Lauren Gillies, 25, have been jailed for six months each.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong, Victoria, suffered Sagittal Synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. Ava, now six, had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s. Collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo. The tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to WWI when eggs symbolised new life and hope.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead. The two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. The 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist, whom she helps solve a murder mystery in the first book.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp. They stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches)Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on The Voice. He belted out the 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar on the Spanish version of the show. The Redemptorist Missionary said he had been singing since he was 16 years old. But he claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to'make sense of life'
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State. More than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to Syria and Iraq, turning region into 'finishing school' for jihadists. Report warned if IS was defeated in war-torn region then barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from the upcoming movie of the same name. The mother-of-six has previously made videos of herself as Elsa from Frozen and Princess Jasmine from Aladdin.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours. This is the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights per year. The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. Heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
Mark Dawe, head of the OCR exam board, said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine. He compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam. Campaign for Real Education said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. Now her son Tom Ballard, 26, plans to conquer K2 himself. Mr Ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the Alps in the winter season.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband after he had a vasectomy. She's now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward, 8, from Layton, Utah, was diagnosed with a non-Germinomatous Germ-cell tumor, a malignant form of brain tumor in October 2014. He had already run several half marathons before he was diagnosed, raising $1,700 for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Roma gang accused of selling newborn baby to childless couple for £6,500 and a car. Four Roma men and women accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'Six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents describe as 'two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'They deny the charges against them, saying the babies were 'a gift'
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force. The royal's down under tour is his final before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services. He'll serve alongside some of the country's elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. Captain Wales, as he is known in the British Army, will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. On his blog, Almost Black, Vijay claims that none of his family approves of his book, in which he’ll controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert. It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday.
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Key Biscayne, Florida. The 27-year-old artist showcased a golden glow as she watched Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson in their fourth round match. Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 and will have four bridesmaids.
Shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car near Turkman Gate in Daryaganj. The driver of the i20 car, identified as Shadab, got into a verbal spat with the 40-year-old. Shadab and another occupant of the car, Khalid Amin, started thrashing him with iron rods. Two children, 13 and nine years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon. The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over retirement, scientists warn. More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during financial crisis. Research carried out by Texas Tech University showed those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today. It comes just days before retirees in Britain are given power to decide how to spend their life savings.
Triathlete Charlotte Roach, 26, from London, nearly died in a horror crash in 2010. She and business partner Rosemary Pringle, 28, vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for Lent. The pair dressed up in different costumes for 40 days to raise money for London's Air Ambulance. Charlotte owes the charity her life after a crash in November 2010 left her with punctured lungs, 12 fractured vertebrae, broken ribs and broken collarbone.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years?' In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory. Griffo, 42, who is based in Latina, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland. They were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
It is believed the man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office. He could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after the MoD considered suspending him. It is not clear where or at what level he worked, but it has post offices at RAF Northolt.
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks. Experts said a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send pound plummeting by a further ten per cent. Sell-off could accelerate and spread to stock and bond markets – driving share prices down and borrowing costs up for the government, businesses and families.
The RV FLIP has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. The vessel is more than 355 feet long and has been specially designed to cope with the stress of tipping over by 90 degrees. It is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010. He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital. A new evaluation was ordered after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation. Wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender's office of working against him.
Greenstone acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF)This creates a network in which phones become nodes, and data is passed between nodes. Apple uses the framework for its AirDrop feature, for example, which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iPhone users.
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. The lawsuit also names the Michigan United Soccer League, which is accused of allowing Saad to play despite his reputation as a violent player. Saad was sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app. Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button. If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call.
Mark Donaldson is one of Australia's most decorated soldiers, one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan. Corporal Donaldson VC revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite Special Air Services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who had boasted that he intended to kill Prince Harry. The fourth in line to the throne will fulfill one of his dreams by embedding with the Australian SAS.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface. Now, the 17 year-old student could face a battle with Instagram over hackings its API. Benn is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found covered in a green raincoat. They were locked in each other's arms under a raincoat on their sofa in their detached country home in Xalo, near Benidorm on the Costa Blanca. Friend, Ann, said: 'I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there. What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare'
Residents in San Bernardino County in California were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control. The county parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails. A shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park, between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread. At its height, 70 acres of land was on fire threatening several homes.
Alan Spencer, 67, from Withernsea, East Yorkshire, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking. He frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by. But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away' in front of his Labradors Lexi and Nancy. 18-month-old Lexi jumped on to the centre of Alan’s back, dislodging the onion and saving his life.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies. Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland. Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped track down Osama bin Laden, has the most trouble with how her fallen co-worker Jennifer Matthews was portrayed in the film Zero Dark Thirty.
Photographer Seth Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep during their first swimming lesson. Pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world.
Mike Holpin, 56, from Monmouthshire, has three £450 PS4 consoles for up to 20 hours a day. His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs. At least 16 of his children have been taken into care by social services.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012. He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died. Darcy's father Peter Atkinson broke down in the dock as his son's horrific injuries were described.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. The book was compiled by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli - the two men who introduced the concept of vintage style in Italy.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following a 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay. He was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. The man, of no fixed address, faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning. The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
Police in San Francisco have discovered the body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder. The property in the Richmond area is said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine. The remains are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn.
Disciples of the New Dawn's Facebook page has been shared nearly 80,000 times since it was posted on Sunday. The group, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
Ukip leader has seen support for his party drop from 16.75 per cent in November to 12.25 per cent today. But he said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to next month's election. Said key campaign issues like EU membership are now very much 'back in play' with voters. Mr Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind Tories in Kent.
Michael Brelo, 31, faces two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30, in November 2012. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. When questioned by investigators two weeks after the shooting, he told them he didn't recall what happened. He said: 'It's possible because I was so terrified that I was going to get run over. But I don't recall that, sir'
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday. The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects. Greece has not received bailout funds since Syriza took power in January, and could run out of money within weeks. Greece's government has been handed a list of reforms it must carry out in return for cash.
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on an episode entitled: 'My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?' Jamie refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests. Dawn then storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was reportedly woken up, attacked with a machete and taken from her home in Caboolture, north of Brisbane, on Tuesday morning. Police are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend. They believe she was taken in a silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander with the Queensland registration 789VNI.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it, they say, involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way. One linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Kevin Blandford won a free trip to Puerto Rico but his wife was unable to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter. The 33-year-old, from Louisville, Kentucky, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace. Each photo shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife.
A man said to be an employee of Pizza Hut shared his doctor's sicknote with a friend, who posted it on Reddit under the title,'my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick'The unnamed worker, from Alberta, Canada, instead came armed with a scathing note from his GP, giving the firm a ticking off for its office policy 'wasting his time'
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in Number 10, even if David Cameron's Conservatives win more seats. Ms Sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of her triumph in last week's live TV debate.
Sinn Fein president describes abduction and murder of Jean McConville as 'what happens in wars'Mother-of-ten was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast in 1972. She was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer, suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead. Her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune in County Louth in 2003.
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. But too much will lower your immune system, and could also make your bones more fragile.
Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length. The native fish in the region, such as Balston's Pygmy Perch which has been attacked, are only up 10cm. At least 13 species of fish had been introduced into south-western Australia.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria in March. The photos they took at the Yarra Valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories. Two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm, but gave it the all clear. The owner of the 6000-bird farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
PM makes plea for Ukip voters to 'come back home' to the Conservatives. Warns that it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' to Ukip voters. He has previously dismissed Ukip supporters as 'fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists'
Twitter users have taken to the social media site to voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films, and reality using the hashtag #realisticYA. In The Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen is pulled out of obscurity, develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot. The rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter, as people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland. Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook. She said she had been dealing with the shop for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2. The voicemail was in response to a scathing review she had written on the company's Facebook page.
The first phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled. There are 20 overwater villas in total and each of the opulent offering sleeps eight people. Each villa has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full kitchen and a large living area.
Boris Johnson today launched the Tory campaign in London with a speech in Hartley Hall, Mill Hill. He said the Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an 'orgy of regulation and state socialism'Also claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while the Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'Mr Johnson said he believed the polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the Conservatives.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. Experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit.
Poll of FTSE 100 bosses reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain Prime Minister. Comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a Labour government.
Kira Hollis, 27, from Tamworth, Staffordshire, was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts. Doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight. Now a healthy 9.5st, Ms Hollis says bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight years. He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
PM insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. 'Just because some people have disagreed with our policies, does not mean those policies are missing in moral content,’ he insisted. Intervention came as another senior Tory, chief whip Michael Gove, claimed Christians in Britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion.
Musical instruments, stage costumes and plaques belonging to Davy Jones to be sold off. Dozens of items will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York. Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago. The father-of-three said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes. The former bomb disposal expert said he was almost a recluse when he was at his biggest.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price. Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up at its drastically reduced price. The house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price tag. The average house-price in Auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for.
Three Aussie stylists have made the top 10 in Hollywood Reporter's 'Power Stylist for 2015' hit list. Elizabeth Stewart, Cristina Elrich and Naomi Watts' stylist Jeann Williams all made the list. Naomi Watts regularly makes Best Dressed lists... and now her stylist has been included in one too. Elrich's other accolades include styling Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Girls star Allison Williams.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border, while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death. The Queenslander, who lived in the ACT, is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed. Clocks will spring forward again on October 4.
Gunman spotted at 2.15pm near water slides in Hollywood, California, on Friday. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time. Police revealed it was not the first time the gunman, who has not been identified, had sparked security concerns at Universal Studios.
A missing mother and son are missing after their car was swept away by rising flood waters in Kentucky. Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation. The National Weather Service says a flash flood warning is in effect Friday morning for north central Kentucky. Up to two more inches of rain are expected throughout the day, according to WLKY.
More than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland. At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating the grim find. It's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd after emerging from the water. Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back - but ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother.
Stephanie Fragoso was stopped in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, April Fools' Day. A Nevada Highway Patrol trooper issued a $200 ticket to Fragoso for putting on lib balm while at a red light. Fragoso said she initially thought the whole thing was a joke, but figured out it was no laughing matter.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories compared to just under 9 per cent under Labour. Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne ahead of general election. Ed Miliband struggling to win over business men and women as well as investors.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month. It will cost a staggering $25,000 (almost £17,000) a night and is 11,000 square feet with two levels. The master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed, with cushions and a tapestry.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing. A poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Friday. The 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. The search is being carried out by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members.
The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year. The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three other sequels to come, with the follow-up hitting cinemas May 1. A new survey in The Hollywood Reporter called upon producers, agents and executives to list those who can command a major opening based on their fan base.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of designer Karl Lagerfeld. Choupette has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram, boasts a Wikipedia entry and doesn't get out of her bed for less than a million quid.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society, a court heard. The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said. He is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Bentley design chief Luc Donckerwolke criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on Facebook. He called the model that was unveiled this week at the New York auto show a 'copy'Both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears. The Bentley Flying Spur sells for about $200,000 and has a 4-liter twin-turbo V-8 engine.
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US Navy has said. The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs. This is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown. Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems. China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months. She also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a Labour government signed by people ‘from all walks of life’But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
Southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher - which would be the hottest day of the year so far. Temperatures hit 20.7C (69F) in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire on Sunday and 19.5C (67F) on Monday.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north. Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80 was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern. Authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed. Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
Cody Neatis, from Preston, was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday. He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube. The hospital does not have the specialist high-sided cot he needs to sleep in. His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week. She is now demanding answers from the local health trust.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday. The two states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services to certain customers if doing so would violate their religious convictions. The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942. He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland, before being forced to join the ‘death march’After the war, the soldier married his sweetheart Rita and worked as a carpenter. He has used his £50,000 savings to pay towards a £960-a-week live-in carer. Brent Council contributed £350 a week but is refusing to increase its funding.
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future. Using data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars, he has estimated how the constellations will change between 50,000BC and 100,000CE. The Big Dipper will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like duck. Orion, named after the hunter in Greek mythology, will lose his head and the Crux will become little more than two parallel lines similar to an equals sign.
Hernando Rivera Cervantes took the pictures as the Colima volcano in Mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava. The 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano, which first erupted in 1576, is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico. Local authorities warned those living around the volcano to prepare for a possible evacuation.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, they say preserves their faith ethos. But a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor. They say affluent parents are more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school, which are often high-performing.
ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM, will take place in two parts. AIM will travel to a binary asteroid system – the paired Didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022. The 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon, informally called 'Didymoon'AIM will also put down a lander – ESA's first touchdown on a small body since Rosetta's Philae landed on a comet last November.
CCTV pictures show a man police want to speak to after a 'peeping Tom' incident at a swimming pool in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Buckinghamshire when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle. Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently.
Traditional Chinese Medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network, the worlds third largest elicit trade, surpassed only by arms and drugs.
Liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. This provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. Researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs.
Paul Childs said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011. He said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners with HIV. Mr Childs is the second Lib Dem parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive. He is hoping to beat Louise Ellman in the safe Labour seat of Liverpool Riverside.
Hayley Okines suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. Progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13. But Hayley defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography. Her mother Kerry said: 'My baby girl has gone somewhere better. She took her last breath in my arms at 9.39pm x'
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed. The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west. The men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout. Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool.
Dr Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health. She says PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet. Dr Briden's 'No-More-PMS' diet plan includes a healthy breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday. He was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows. The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing. He suffered a heart attack, before suffering a fatal heart attack. His father, pastor Kevin Clark, is planning to sue police.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent banned from running in playground. Parents say children need to 'let off steam' during breaks as well as getting exercise by running around. School claims the ban is to tackle a 'chasing' game which has caused children to hurt themselves.
Temperatures reached 17.4°C (63.3°F) and 17.5°C. This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent. The heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be officially certified by the World Meteorological Organisation.
Brian Gemmell, a former captain in the Intelligence Corps, said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home. He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. Mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin and stomach regularly bloats with liquid. Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems, and that figure is set to rise.
An elderly couple have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday. The 71-year-old man and the woman, a greyhound trainer, were charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. Police found a.22 calibre gun, ammunition and a baseball bat in the woman's home. It is thought the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour's walk from campus. He built the hut out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp. There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which sits on his campus's Baker-Henry Nature Reserve.
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. Canberra surprisingly performed second best to Sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values leading to a $530,000 median.
The pair from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days. One of the boys is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family. Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan. He was arrested on his way home from a chemistry exam in 2006 and found with two bags of ball-bearings - key material for a suicide vest.
More than 90 million Easter eggs are consumed in Britain every year. FEMAIL takes a look at some of the most unusual eggs you can try this Easter. From yeast-flavoured chocolate (we're looking at you, Marmite) to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar. Hotel Chocolat's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box.
Spanish expert, Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos, has found the LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness. Research has already shown that the intense levels of 'blue light' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints, ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer.
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with Argentina over the ownership of the islands. After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the island. The bonanza could be worth billions of pounds and will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory.
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career at papers including the New York Post and New York Daily News. Many of those whose secrets Smith is spilling are from her closest friends, including Barry Diller, who she claims asked her over 20 years ago: 'Do you think I should come out?' The gossip columnist claims she advised Diller against it, telling him; 'No, Barry, David Geffen needs to come out. He needs a big story or a scandal or a fight to push him in business and make people afraid of him'
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children.
The Dalny Vostok sank in the Sea of Okhotsk at 4am local time on Thursday. It was carrying 132 crew members when it tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in. More than 1,300 fishermen and emergency staff are involved in the rescue operation. So far 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, uploaded a video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son's tooth with a Chevy muscle car. Video shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before powering forward, pulling his son's front tooth clean out. James, eight, can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his other teeth, saying: 'It came out!'
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building in Manhattan. He was found on a third-floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel, near Rockefeller Center, at 8.30am. Tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on business trip when he fell. New York Police Department said they are treating his death as suicide.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, plunged six stories from the roof of the Bronx building on Thursday. Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby. Kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall. Police said Kuta then jumped over a three-foot high wall without realizing there was a gap between the buildings.
Viewing figures come a week after Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon. Four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested Friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group. Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation and that she told the fighter that the opportunity 'would be amazing'Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women in New York were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a Boston Marathon-type attack.
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January. Phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game. No charges have been filed and no arrests have been made, but a Maricopa County Attorney's Office spokesman confirmed prosecutors are continuing to review the case.
Deathwatch beetles are living in the timber of Hay Castle in Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border. Hay Castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful Norman Lord William de Braose and has been added to through the ages.
Brandon Afoa, 33, of Puyallup, Washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift. The incident, which took place at 2am on December 26, 2007, left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm. Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons. Afoa went on to sue Port of Seattle - which owns and operates the airport - in King County Superior Court, saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace.
Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth to care for her son full-time. Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital. The newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath. Doctors say he may not ever be able to walk. The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen.
Keith Cameron, 54, jailed for five years for scamming dying friend Jonathan Speirs out of £476,864. He promised world-famous lighting architect a £2m return on his investment in just two years. Cameron used the money to fund his lavish lifestyle and a New York flat for his daughter. Cameron persuaded terminally ill Jonathan - his close friend and neighbour for 13 years - to part with thousands of pounds by claiming his telecoms start-up required money to win a valuable contract.
Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. Four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess were trained for six months. When they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. Money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. The experiment highlights how dirty handling money can be. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29, and their unborn fetus. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes on Thursday. His lawyers want a sentence that would see him serve only about eight months in prison after being given credit for time already served.
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India's (Unbelievable? Try measuring the ins and outs of Scotland’s)Many people in the U.S., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives. Most of us are saturated with it in childhood — in holiday homes and beach huts.
The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party' on the bottom of the pictures. The couple is suing the company under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices act claiming that Premiere Photo practiced 'negligence and breach on contract'Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings, according to plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area. London's busy shopping areas prove a big draw for gangs of pickpockets from around the world including Romania, Algeria and Bulgaria.
Self-styled 'angry Leftie revolutionary and magician' Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election. The 24-year-old used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ Twitter page to make the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan.
Brian Williams was handed a six-month suspension in February after admitting he had lied about being on a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003. But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004. 'I always felt he needed to jack up his stories,' one executive told the publication.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar. That’s more than half of the 50g of sugar the World Health Organisation recommends per day. A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off. A 90g packet of mini eggs contains 444 calories, which can be burned by a 50 minute Zumba step class.
Cryos International, an online sperm bank, is relocating from New York to Orlando, Florida. The company says the move is due to the 'intense competition for donors' in New York. Cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries worldwide. Donors can make up to $750 per month and are allowed to remain anonymous.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the murder of Boris Nemstov in Moscow. He is one of five Chechan men who have been accused of killing the opposition leader. Now he has told a court he was beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015. An amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust. The two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School.
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms, which applies to 116,000 people. He claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified'Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on UK income, but not earnings from overseas.
Felix the cat disappeared after his crate was damaged after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York. Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34, adopted the two-year-old tabby seven months ago. Couple spent $1,200 (£800) to bring Felix to US with them after living in UAE for three years.
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies. These include a faster method of propulsion known as Vasimr, which could apparently get to Mars in a matter of weeks, not months. Other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans, and small satellites to explore deep space. And one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to the surface of Mars in just 39 days.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America:. The Winter Soldier. It now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise.
Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another independence vote. The idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters. Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Coronation Street has reportedly overturned a ban on their cast offering their voices to radio adverts. Corrie has reportedly tried to silence its stars when they've asked to do voiceover work for television adverts in the past. The best deals are said to be worth around £50,000, according to the Sun.
Photographers Juergen and Christine Sohns captured the moment the bear let his prey get away. The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River, which runs through the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska. Sockeye salmon, which are native to Alaska, migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach breeding grounds.
Misao Okawa was born on March 5, 1898, in Osaka, Japan, and died on April 1. The great-grandmother had only celebrated her 117th birthday in March, saying her life seemed 'rather short'She was recognised as the world's oldest person by the Guinness World Records in 2013. The new oldest person in the world, Gertrude Weaver, is aged 116 and lives in Arkansas.
Katie still regularly checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out. Singer Sam Bailey told Closer: 'Katie panics if she sees Kieran hanging around any women. She's scared he's going to run off with them'Kieran cheated on Katie with two of her best friends Chrissy Thomas and Jane Poultney in 2014. Katie decided to stick by her man and Kieran underwent sex addiction therapy. Relationship expert Tracey Cox says it is possible to forgive someone for cheating.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into poverty in a village in rural China. Her mother died when she was five, and her father was nearly blinded in an industrial accident. She left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory, making glass for watches. She was promoted to head up a new department after handing in her resignation notice. Her company Lens Technology supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
Seal culls take place during breeding season - meaning some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead. Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year, but typically marksmen kill only around a quarter of the seals which can legally be culled.
Kevin Franklin, 53, of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, put the lights up last November. But he kept them up after Christmas ahead of Autism Awareness Month. He said he planned to take them down next month, but now will keep them up 'out of principle'
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his Sheffield Hallam constituency. He won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin - scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. But poll shows 36 per cent are planning to vote for his Labour opponent Oliver Coppard.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show - giving contestant Andrea the prize. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. Producers decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break.
Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland. The 16-year-old was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter. He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead, but police are not treating it as suspicious. Police have referred his death to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Simon Cowell will be put on the £5 note, according to reports. Leaning Tower of Pisa will be turned into a luxury hotel, the Telegraph reports. Tesco claims to be introducing bouncy aisles in a publicity campaign. Manchester United team is picked using the power of astrology, the Independent claims.
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners. It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee. YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues.
The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. Hayes has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975. The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared. Magistrate Sharon Freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide. She said the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends.
The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Ringwood, Hampshire. His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water. Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops.
Sam Gallagher scored the winning goal for Southampton against Blackburn. Ryan Seager had put Saints ahead in the first leg, but Matt Targett equalised with an own goal.
Becca and Dale Litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at IVF. The couple were heartbroken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding, or fertility treatment. Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai and the couple were overjoyed when they won a wedding competition.
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal.
George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans for a 12-seater home cinema. The Clooneys' Berkshire abode will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool. A cinema room is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10m, according to experts.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday. The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell. The park refused to release any further details when contacted by DailyMail.com on Monday.
Prince of Wales visited Rheged Centre in Cumbria, where he met farmers and charity staff. He was there as part of his work for the Campaign for Wool and The Prince's Countryside Fund. Charles was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years. A total of 215,462 licences exist compared to 177,675 owned in 2010, according to figures obtained by News Corp. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences with Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney a close second at 3075. Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said US's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase.
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of her favourite recipes. The 53-year-old media personality has released 'My Love Affair with Food' in collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly. The cookbook features over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos. Hutton bucks 'health trend' in favour of wholesome food - salt and carbs included.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature. The new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. It is available on Twitter’s website and the iPhone app, and will roll out to Android handsets soon. Celebrity chef and prolific tweeter Nigella Lawson has already embraced the tool by commenting on a retweet.
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, to make changes to their SATs exam answers. The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off. The Department for Education annulled the whole school's SATs results after a probe by the local authority.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' known as a 'cuddle chair'It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption.
Parents are using social media to post obscenities, threats, offensive photos, sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers. 30 per cent of teachers said they had been the subject of parents’ abusive internet posts. One teacher received the comment ‘I hope she gets cancer’, while a heavily pregnant worker was sworn at, called ‘fat whore’ and ‘ugly’
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes. University College London chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex. She is accused of running the vice ring with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams. He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
In Traustein, Germany, hundreds braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback. In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men throw buckets of water on women as part of the Easter weekend celebrations. In Nyiregyhaza, Hungary, a similar tradition occurs, with young men dressed in folk dress sprinkling water on the village's local women. In Hungary, the ritual is known as Vízbeveto, or Water Plunge Monday, and women present the men with coloured eggs in exchange.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said she and her friends would not go to prom. Principal Patrick Taylor told her she had to wear a dress. Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country. Now, Principal Taylor and school board president Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
Company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week, in products including a new sandwich, as well as existing sandwiches, wraps and salads. It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. The change comes as McDonald's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like Chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food.
During a talk in Washington today, Nasa announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade. 'I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa. The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
Labour leader vows to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'But his crackdown, intended to regain the political initiative after boosts for Tories on jobs and incomes, backfired spectacularly. Freedom of information requests reveal Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia, Italy. Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007. Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared by Italy's highest court last month.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge. Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years. He told his daughters, 'I love you guys more than life itself' and called their mother 'the love of my life'Kelly's brother, Ron Prouty Jr., told Robarge he hoped he 'rotted in hell' during the sentencing.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, says people are checking their emails 'all the time'Figures show a typical heterosexual couple is now having sex three times a month, compared to four times in 2000.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. 'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said. Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Protesters opposing the construction of a $1.4billion telescope on a mountain in Hawaii they consider to be sacred were arrested after blocking a road leading to the site. Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail. Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen, Mexico. She claims she was arrested for suntanning under a palm tree on the beach reserved for foreigners. Friends of Caldero said guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch. But police insist she was removed because she 'assaulted a group of private guards'The beach is most popular among tourists from Europe and the US.
Sarah Stage, 30, is a lingerie model and animal rights activist and is a regular sight on billboards in the states. The Los Angeles-based model has been documenting her changing pregnancy body and many of her 1.4m Instagram followers cannot believe she is eight months pregnant.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina. Her friend got dropped off first, but Ronda never made it back home. Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride. She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
British banker Rurik Jutting is accused of the murders of two Indonesian women. Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih, both in their 20s, were found dead in his flat in November. The case has been adjourned until May 8 after the prosecution asked for more time.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week. The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay. A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family.
The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. After doctors in the UK started turning him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment. Pensioner Graham White, 76, said the property looks'more like a children's playscheme' than sheltered accommodation. Local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Jordan Sim-Mutch was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries. The 24-year-old carried out raids on petrol stations, convenience stores and a pub to pay for cannabis. He was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court. Hours before he was sentenced, he uploaded a picture taken inside the courtroom that shows him and his fellow gang members in the dock.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said it would refuse to cater a gay wedding. Owners Crystal and Kevin O'Connor were trolled online and received abusive phone calls. The pizzeria had been in operation for nine years before closing today, according to TMZ.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Harvey Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram. A movie industry source said Weinstein gave her two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show.
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to the airport, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. Wichita Falls officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P. On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’This caused it to momentarily lose contact with Earth. ‘Not the best month to choose to go dry…’ Rosetta project scientist Dr Matt Taylor quipped.
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was a 'perfectionist' who had battled anorexia and depression. She was on day release from a mental health unit in Acton, Suffolk, at the time of her death. She injected herself with the drug after saying she felt like a 'complete failure'She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die, leave me to die' before collapsing in a field.
Labour's biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
Pete Bennett won £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006. He says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless. Nine years on the Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood.
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a house fire in the early hours of Monday, just hours before Robert Seman, Jr., 46, was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years. Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her daughter. Seman was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the deadly fire but he was taken back into custody on Monday, accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event, with Kindle Direct Publishing, is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. Experienced and successful authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers.
Researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to makes decisions.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder, according to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi's office. The KKK men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said. The case highlights an ongoing stream of high-profile problems in Florida's prison system.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her. Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book — saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another. He already signed the deal last week with major publishing company Simon and Schuster.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon. She helped him escape from Lake Region Correctional Center, also known as Devils Lake, in North Dakota. Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds. 70 per cent of 2000 surveyed said they constantly zone out while in meetings. 60 per cent said they find most meetings 'pretty pointless', according to Sennheiser Communications. One in five workers confessed to messing something up due to zoning out in a meeting. More than a quarter said they had made more than ten massive mistakes.
James Paul Harris, 30, pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety. He was originally charged with first-degree murder, but prosecutors said they accepted the plea deal because of problems with evidence and witnesses. The victim's brother, Tom, said the justice system is 'a joke' and that the light sentence sends the wrong message.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day. The Watch will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. Any employee working in the regions where the Watch is being launched will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model and the Sport model. This means US employees will only pay $174.50 and $274 respectively, while in the UK the price drops to £149.50. It is not clear whether employees can buy multiple watches under the scheme and Apple has refused to comment.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies. Follow-up, Enchanted Forest, is expected to do just as well.
Hudea and her family left Atmeh refugee camp on Syria's border with Turkey two weeks ago. It is thought they headed for Idlib - now in the control of Al-Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra. The Nusra Front-led rebels is set impose Sharia law on the city, which is only the second state capital to fall from the grip of President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Nicolas Sarkozy is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain presidency. He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending. On Sunday, his party made massive electoral gains against the Socialists in regional elections.
David Suchet's grandson Todd has the rare genetic illness Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. Todd is the son of Suchet’s son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach. He said ‘mismanagement in the admin side’ of the NHS means he is not receiving treatment that could help him.
Archaeologists have uncovered the skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war. They believe the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683. Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time. The camel was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. She has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has what Tigar termed severe gender dysphoria. The surgery could cost taxpayers as much as $100,000.
Singer-songwriter Don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million. The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem. In an interview published by Christie's auction house New York, where the manuscript was auctioned, McLean says American Pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction'
Hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK. All he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka. He may or may not have travelled to London from Denmark within the past few days.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds. The pair were pitted against another couple of pandas, Yi Bao and Jin Xin, who only managed one minute and 20 seconds.
Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in armed forces. She said: 'I'm sorry, but I have to speak out because I'm worried that at the end of the day there’s more of us than there is of them and they’re not listening to our concerns. It's a real shame'Cameron replied: 'The lady makes an important point which is that there are people who come out of our armed services who do have difficulties'
New book claims that Hillary Clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the Monica Lewinsky scandal. Mrs Clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher. There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’, it is claimed.
Karen Wakefield and her husband Paul Dawson could face three months in jail. Mother-of-two took 13-year-old daughter out of school during term time to go on holiday to Turkey. She has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines and is due to appear in court. Claims she and husband have been told they could be jailed for three months or given fines of £1,000.
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression. Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders, such as panic disorder and anxiety disorder. Researchers found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did not met criteria for OCD, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California. He and his late wife, Arvella, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a drive-in movie theater southeast of Los Angeles. He built the Crystal Cathedral to house his booming TV ministry, which was broadcast live each week from the cathedral's airy and sunlit 2,800-seat sanctuary.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst on the brain. But when Daisy was born, she was told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia, meaning she had no eyes. The condition is incurable, and so while Daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older, she will never be able to see.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana who lived in 19th Century Russia - and appeared to be 'half human, half ape' - could have been the fabled yeti. Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman discovered in the Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'Zana was discovered and trapped by a local merchant who hired a group of hunters to hunt her down in the region of Ochamchir.
This April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers, all in the name of fun. You can now wash and tan at the same time thanks to a new shower valve from Crosswater. Hailo claims to have launched a piggy back taxi service.
Young boy is seen standing next to a brown bear at a North American zoo. The bear is partially submerged in the water in a protective glass partition. The young boy puts his hand up against the glass and the bear moves towards him. The boy and bear play together as the animal mimics his actions and attempts to bite him.
Kate Winslet wants to build a sea wall along the West Sussex coast to protect her £3.25million beach house. The actress, 39, wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the coast. But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused. Concerns have also been raised about potential erosion of a coastal path.
Amy Johnson faces two assault charges after allegedly assaulting a McDonald's worker. The 38-year-old was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17 at 6.10pm. Ms Johnson claims that the fries had fallen out of their packaging and on request to have them repacked, the teenage attendant did so with her bare hands.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon. Officers were called to reports of an argument between Howell and Tramond Peet, 18, who was trying to sell him a gun. Police chief Steve Dumyahn has now said that the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun.
Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. Smokey has been living with Sandy in his Lower East Side apartment, and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention. But city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
Collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years. The Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch. Declaring herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before. Her Majesty admired the poems, which were written by the Shah of Persia himself.
Bed was left in car park of former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green, Chester, by builders. Oblivious to its true value and historical significance, they left it to be picked up by auctioneers. It was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by four-poster bed specialist Ian Coulson, from Northumberland. But DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII, TV historian Jonathan Foyle said. He traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see Stanley family.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a wellness check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and the body returned to Mexico. The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22. The child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out. You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans. Comedian said popstar made her money'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution'Sally Lindsay backed Labour's plans to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts and a 'decent minimum wage'Actor Martin Freeman was the first celebrity face to back Labour's 2015 General Election campaign.
IKEA claims it will'save the planet' with its new vegetarian meatballs. IKEA is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture. The company now sells one billion of its regular meatballs every year.
Admiral said many youngsters addicted to their mobile phones lose out at the very beginning of looking for work - because they failed to string a normal sentence together. The Cardiff-based insurer with more than 5,000 staff voiced their fears in evidence to the Welsh Assembly's Enterprise and Business Committee.
Sixteen and seventeen year olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on Britain’s membership of the European Union, Ukip has said. The party said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels in a bid to 'catch them young'It came as Ukip was accused of performing yet another U-turn on its immigration policy.
Mario Ambarita, 21, clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta. The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was 'looking for work'
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal. Two swimmers stand oblivious to the shark as it hunts a fish, perhaps a small stingray. Hammerheads are largely harmless to humans, but the swimmers were willing to stick around to prove it.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it, so her plastic surgeon sued her. Dr Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and ordered her to pay him £1,500 in compensation.
Stirling Council ruled that the hedge can stay, despite claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of neighbour Audrey Alexander's house. The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden.
Natalie Whitear, 35, from Fareham, Hampshire, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. The condition means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces, in the mirror. Condition is so severe that Mrs Whitear can't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school.
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018. Elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Some of the animals will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding. The center is 'all about preserving the Asian Elephant', an animal who has seen massive population decline over the last century.
Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana's controversial new Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The law, brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state, amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays. He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. However on Wednesday he told CNN Money he was responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state and is trying to find ways to help them.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. Ms Gilchrist was told the infection had damaged her spine so severely she would never walk again.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave'His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. Prosecutors said he diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. They say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income.
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday. The driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' Georgia State Patrol Cpl Scott Smith said. The occupants of the van, from Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Alabama-based Wormreich, were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians' equipment.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War. It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside, but this week the Pentagon announced that it will be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the United States military.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo. The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species. There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world.
Clean-up crews enter rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days. Police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies. Majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders.
Genetic analysis has revealed that ancient European populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought. First humans migrated north from Africa 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight, but retained their dark skin colour. It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
Three men, two women and four children were detained at a checkpoint in Ogulpinar. It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11. More than 22,000 foreign fighters are now believed to have joined ISIS from around 100 countries.
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, were flooded Tuesday as powerful storms pummeled the mid-United States. Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads. This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years. Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
Camoji app lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger. The GIFs are created in the Camoji app and can be up to 2 seconds long. Users can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram - before sharing them. Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month. Jenna revealed the news live on this morning's Today show.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered an inquiry into claims leaked memo shows Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the General Election. Row follows allegation she told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer a Tory General Election victory – partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not ‘PM material’The Scottish First Minister branded the report as ‘100 per cent untrue’
Reading on 'fright' decibels of rollercoaster at Flambards theme park in Helston will be recorded. The readings will go into a report as local planning council considers a 480-house development. Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road.
Planet Cruise survey revealed that women regret their career choices more than men. Just under half (47%) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions, compared to just 40% of men. More than a quarter surveyed also revealed that they wished that they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks in their careers.
Planetary Society analysed feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033. It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back. The Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months.
Gabby Giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Thursday ahead of the Easter weekend after taking a trip to visit his former space shuttle. The former U.S. representative, who was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in Tucson, Arizona, is now a passionate advocate for gun control. She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, and a young woman who carried several bags.
The University of Sydney has run a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College to 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university. Eight Scot's students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, according to a letter sent to parents by principal Dr Ian Lambert. The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48. But Hampton was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday. Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head. Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later.
David Bowie has composed music for a new stage version of The Man Who Fell To Earth. Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus, which he has written with award-winning playwright Enda Walsh. The show will be spearheaded by Dutch Ivo van Hove, who used Bowie's music in one of his own productions last year.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999. He was convicted for his role as a'man of honour' taking bribes from builders in Palermo. The 65-year-old fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy. But his case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn. He will now be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence was dropped.
Dr Alex Russell is a Sydney-based University lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years. Russell shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours.
Gareth Silk, Steven Harvey Taylor, Michael Groves, dad Andrew Silk and David Rowles descended on the promenade of the Spanish resort on March 29. They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts and denim hot pants and high heels from waist down. The group of six - which included the groom-to-be Gareth Silk and his stags - were inspired by the Money Supermarket advert.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law. It was revealed on Thursday that the pizza shop has never catered a wedding before. The pizzeria has been in operation for nine years and is adorned with crosses and bible quotes.
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, left her Santa Monica home to calm down on March 24. She has not been seen since and is believed to have gone for a walk near her home. Mother Janice Greenberg has made a desperate plea for help after her daughter disappeared.
Anthony Bethell, 74, and St John's College, Oxford, have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in Warwickshire. The hedge, which dates back to 1686, divides Mr Bethell's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland owned by the college. Both parties have spent £80,000 in legal fees in total, with the cost of a full trial likely to set the parties back £150,000.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. Work on the £3.7 million structure started in March last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason spent a year filming one mini documentary a day for a year. Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream. Carl, 27, continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency. Over the course of the year, Epiphany and Carl visited 70 cities in 35 countries and 70 cities.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage. The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years earlier.
ISIS militants reveal plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa. They also disclose entry requirements for prospective medical workers. Among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age, must be willing to work anywhere inside ISIS territory, and must speak fluent English. English language rules have been put in place long before the NHS has been able to bring in similar checks.
Obama declares threat of cyber attacks by foreign agents a 'national emergency'U.S. Treasury will be able to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' networks. Obama took aim at Russia, China and Iran as he revealed executive order. Announcement followed a series of high profile incidents, including attack against Sony Pictures.
Yoko Ono has led the tributes to John Lennon's first wife Cynthia. She called her a 'wonderful mother' with a'strong zest for life' after she died at the age of 75 following a short battle with cancer. The second wife of the Beatles singer said she was'very saddened' by the news, adding that she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family'Cynthia Lennon, nee Powell, married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to global stardom with The Beatles until the couple divorced in 1968.
Bluey the cat has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than official world record holder Smokey. The 12-year-old is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner. Despite her fearsome sound, Bluey is said to be gentle and loving.
Laura Sumner, 24, ordered to leave Russia within ten days after being branded a'spy'History postgraduate Laura Sumner was given ten days to leave the country after being fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation. But Russian media reports have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a revolutionary plot.
Noreen Spendlove, then 68, had a scan as part of the NHS breast cancer screening programme. 18 months later, she developed intermittent pain in her left side, just below her breast. Her daughter, a radiographer, insisted she see a GP. This revealed three lumps on her left breast, which were all tumours. MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.
Six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week. One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year and a quarter have never cleaned their windows. Other top 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in the plug hole and only changing bed sheets once a month.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house. The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets came from a gun investigators took from his home.
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia. 'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser. Obama said he can'relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, "Daddy, I'm having trouble breathing." '
Ronn Payne, a former White House florist, retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff. The book, 'The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House,' could prove problematic for Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, the former first lady, senator and secretary of state. Hillary once threw a 'heavy' object – believed by staff to have been a table lamp – across the room, Kate Andersen Brower writes in the book.
Detlef Guenzel, 57, chopped Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music. He then buried the body parts in the garden of his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau in 2013. He was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead at a court in Dresden.
Prescott, Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims Granite Mountain Hotshots lookout Brendan McDonough overheard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy over the move, which would prove deadly. The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933, when more than two dozen firefighters were killed battling the Griffith Park fire in Los Angeles.
E.ON effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after price rises in January 2013 and again in early 2014. The money will go to Citizens Advice to fund the organisation’s work helping those trying to cut their energy bills.
Bus broke down en route to Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent. Unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand. Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus.
Some 42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction. But 35 per cent disagreed with using controversial technique, Greenpeace survey found. Findings were hidden in a footnote to a Greenpeace press release, Greenpeace said.
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies. At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites: James River, Virginia; Beaumont, Texas; Suisun Bay, California; Stony Point, New York; Wilmington, North Carolina; Mobile, Alabama; Astoria, Oregon; and Olympia, Washington. But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels, and today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in Rochdale, Manchester. She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs. Mrs Marriott attempted to call the RSCPA but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999. Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture it.
Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed she had slept with Zayn while he was in Thailand. Zayn has been accused of cheating on four occasions, the first was by Australian waitress Courtney Webb. The 22-year-old left One Direction last week after five years in the band.
US-based Barrick Gold reached out-of-court settlement when women threatened to file lawsuit in the US. One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
Tracey Cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart. Tracey Cox says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'Autism Assistance Dogs (AAD) are used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships. The highly trained, specialised working dogs are licenced to accompany the child in essentially any location.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection. Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness. The fossils were rediscovered when the president of the Official Loch Ness Fan Club, Gary Campbell, was invited to the museum and spotted them.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried, but she managed to dig herself out. Days later, the dog showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours. Levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week. It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position. If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum. He is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Nine sections of the Great Wall have been found along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region. Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch (10 kilometres) means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
Luke Shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. An increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around Lake Eildon.
The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police. Police say Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children. The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday. The heartbroken father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is innocent as she is a 'good mother'It comes as the family of the young girl who survived the tragic crash revealed the five-year-old's condition has improved.
Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney in May 2013. Lazarus hired a liquor licensing specialist law firm to appeal his conviction. He also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received. Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'She is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters'In a special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader. But while David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Miliband.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville. No one was injured in the crash. Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
Mike Holpin, 56, is engaged for the fourth time and has 40 children by 20 different women. But despite being set to marry, he still has a live profile on the dating site where he met his bride-to-be. He tells prospective conquests: 'I love my kids,' in a biography on his Plenty of Fish account. Holpin has cost taxpayers £4million in benefits and other costs by fathering so many children.
Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines. It is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts.
Children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said. Researchers at Virginia Tech College of Agriculture and Life Sciences claim that eating fatty food for just five days can change the body's metaboilsm for the worse.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull. But he fell and fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall. He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later. His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, is the son-in-law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver. The Brooklyn resident was in court on Monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading. Silver, the former Speaker of the New York State Assembly, was charged in January for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since 200.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. It was set as a maths problem, aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14-schools. But the question went viral after people across the world were left baffled. One man in London said: 'I did not have a bleeding clue! I wish I were as clever to answer something like this'
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year. As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal.
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, allegedly said 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of Ramiro James Villegas, a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day. A trainee police officer who was with him at the time told how Stringer then pulled on the corpse's toes, and pulled his head back and forth. Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in November.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought implants would boost her confidence. She saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look. But in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame. She found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. She began chemotherapy, followed by radiotherapy and surgery and is now in remission.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said. Iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack and she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. Her brother-in-law John Costello is facing vehicular manslaughter charges after allegedly driving pickup truck into oncoming traffic last December.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner, who was also working. Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Cheng Chen, 27, from Jiangsu Province in eastern China, spent six months researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack. But Cheng said he was was too  'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent Easter weekend with family and friends in Barbados. She has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson. But the pair are said to have lived apart for years and have two daughters and a son. The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from the hit motoring show.
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday, tripling African-American representation in the St. Louis suburb. Wesley Bell defeated another black candidate to win in the 3rd Ward; Ella Jones defeated a black candidate and two white candidates in the 1st Ward; and Brian Fletcher, a former mayor who is white, won a 2nd Ward race against another white candidate. The election came just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials, employees and police.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who approached him while he was grazing in a Victorian National Park. Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park, in the Gippsland region in southeast Victoria, as the wombat waddled over to the unsuspecting wallaby.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like reality star Joey Essex. The 22-year-old has spent £20,000 on treatment for his teeth, Botox and £2,500 on tanning treatment. He has also spent £10,400 on two nose jobs on the NHS - one of which was free on NHS. He is the grandson of Aston Villa's European Cup winning manager Tony Barton.
Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday just days before her wedding. She was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson Woolley. More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in Stephanie Scott's hometown Canowindra on Sunday morning. Hundreds gathered on Sunday to honour the much-loved teacher as dozens of balloons were launched into the sky.
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning. Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on Bella's Facebook page. Police even took to replying to text messages sent by friends asking if she had her phone back.
Ruth Davison is a Labour party member and owner of a £1million house in Islington, London. David Cameron and the Conservatives plan to extend ‘right to buy’ from council houses to housing association properties.
Injaz was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. Injaz, whose name means 'achievement' in Arabic, caused great excitement in 2009. Scientists said that cloning would help to preserve the camel population.
Hawiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia, capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world.
Newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. Until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain. New research by Oxford University found that babies are more sensitive to pain than adults. It suggests that not only do babies feel pain, but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of day in Australian households. Breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year (equivalent to 25 minutes a day)Nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids, with Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week.
Local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme. They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne.
Audrey Hepburn's Moon River tops the chart for lullabies for British parents. Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby. One in five parents admit they change the lyrics in lullabies because they don't know them well enough.
Self-styled Mirreyes (my kings) are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands. They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society. One such individual, Jorge Alberto López Amores, jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil during the 2014 World Cup and vanished without a trace.
Hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby in case Duchess goes into labour. Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is staying at Kensington Palace. St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery. Princess Margaret was the last member of the Royal Family to be born outside London.
The mystery of what appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has perplexed scientists. Russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation, or even the work of aliens. Experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer –  that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature called a crinoid. The screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it.
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist. He accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel. That would mean Palmquist had sex with the RZA, the GZA, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa, U-God, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon, Cappadonna and Method Man.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves. Most of the students who said they would vote for Hillary Clinton said they have little knowledge of her history before she led the State Department.
Man, 25, was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in 1989. He was readmitted three months later with serious brain haemorrhage. Maternity staff failed to administer vitamin K injection shortly after birth. The booster is given to newborn babies to reduce risk of blood clots.
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty Thursday to two state gun charges in Louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to LA to face murder charges. Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana. The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
GoFundMe told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions'A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform. As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on Wednesday.
The 58-year-old actress took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month. She shared the news on Facebook and linked to a statement printed by People magazine. Wilson said she had 'vigilantly monitored' her health with mammograms and MRIs because she knew she had an underlying condition of LCIS, (lobular carcinoma in situ)
SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is larger than usual seats, and makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows. It would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs, meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair, without disrupting the neighbouring customer.
Stacey Eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the Airport Line train on Wednesday. Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning. A fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for the 23-year-old Sydney resident. Ms Eden was angered by the fake page, which said: 'A lot of people have written to me on social media, wanting to donate money to me'
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad in which at least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them. The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a US. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor. The American troops returned fire, killing the Afghan soldier, whom Sherzad identified as Abdul Azim, from Laghman province.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday. He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. Six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital for evaluation.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was arrested in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday morning. He allegedly planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'Booker, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley. He was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade made stops in three New Hampshire towns on Monday. Her signature black conversion van - 'Scooby', for the uninitiated – hit 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89, where the top speed limit is 65. Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene. A lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off the books and under the public's radar.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, jailed for nine months each. Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act. Judge Sean Enright said he had 'put aside his own personal revulsion' to find a 'just, proportionate sentence'All four workers'systematically' abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
Richard Attenborough's possessions will be sold at auction house Bonhams. The actor-director’s possessions are going up for up sale at the auction house. The lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches.
The Shepherd's Crown is the final book written by Sir Terry Pratchett, publishers say. It will be set in the Discworld universe and feature witch Tiffany Aching, a witch-in-training. She has featured in four of Sir Terry's books to date, first appearing in The Wee Free Men in 2003. The novel, which is based in the fictional realm of Discworld, will go on sale in September.
The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days, and post their findings with the hashtag #MovingSkyewards. The campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area's prized landscapes and landmarks.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at event in Greencastle, County Tyrone. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs. A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28.
Dove grey suit was once worn by notorious Nazi leader Hermann Goering. It was made by Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war. It is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday. His 13-year-old brother, identified as Abdelkrim Abdelmajid, was also pulled dead. Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help. The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption 'Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’ She had no idea of the outrage her 'light-hearted comment' would provoke from Nicola Sturgeon's supporters. Janet said: 'I was called ugly, vile, ‘someone who deserves to die’, and one wit even ‘hoped I would catch malaria’In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour, possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as 'blue scissors'The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22, man - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them, a friend told police.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been found alive after he went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30am on Friday. He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in thick bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite. Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments.
Comfortably Numb is a single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds. It is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water. A simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction.
Beaching A Boat, Brighton was looted by the Nazis from its Jewish owner during the Second World War. Tate Britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of an export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to Britain. The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try. Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call. Picking the right one - that isn't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial.
Gunmen opened fire near his home in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack, which Chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him. Chris worked with elite units including the SAS, Royal Marines and Parachute Regiment. He claims he has also narrowly escaped a kidnap attempt and now has to hide in a network of hostels.
A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero and concluded that Bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film, and would have died or been critically injured several times. Within the first seven minutes, Bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks that would almost certainly have killed the hero. The radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
Couple enjoyed steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley, West Sussex. Workers at office block which overlooks the park said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30pm yesterday. Photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time.
The pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and civilian clothing – and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters. Voting began this week and the competition is open until the 10th of May.
Clare Van Santen, 37, was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 when she was pregnant with her fifth child, Elijah, now aged nine. The Perth mother-of-five has been told her cancer has spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain. Her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old, and how they will live without her. She has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children: Keisha, 20, Susan 17, Nikita, 14, Jack, 12, and Elijah, 9.
The quadruplets were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine.
Mother-of-three Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment. She faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine for allegedly dangling her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. Visitors heard a scream at 3pm on Saturday and looked to see Schwab and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child, who was treated for a leg injury. Schwab has taken a leave of absence from her management role at one of the centers in Columbus, Ohio.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program. Earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refuelling (IFR) probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland.
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the splinter-covered shard. The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Spytty Retail Park near the couple’s home in Newport.
Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife, Charmaine Spears. The 41-year-old was found face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. Her husband, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, is charged with her murder. His defence lawyer claimed in court that Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user. But her brother Paul said it was 'an outrageous lie' to say his family were all addicts.
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer Friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening over complaints that American Sniper portrays Muslims as villains. The school tweeted out a statement saying the 'decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression'
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both campaigns. There have even been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship earned it a reprieve from an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawsuit.
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, got charged with a DUI moments after being convicted for his first on Monday. Police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court after they noticed he'smelled of alcohol' and was 'intoxicated'But the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1,000.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Wednesday for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez is starting his sentence at maximum-security prison MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, Massachusetts. The prison is a mile and a half away from Gillette Stadium, where Hernandez used to play tight end for the New England Patriots.
Palak Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled, police said. Patel has been charged with murder, second-degree murder, first-degree assault, and dangerous weapon with intent to injure.
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery last month in Mexico. Her sister and her mother flew to Mexico to collect her body after an official autopsy. Dr Victor Ramirez, of the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali, the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California, operated on Roseann Falcon Ornelas in 2014. The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Ramirez, and began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation, and was in so much pain she could not move.
Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint. An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company 3D printing him a brand new limb. Ozzie's new 3D printed leg was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon. It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series. Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen is set to bring her army, replete with dragons, to Westeros for the final showdown.
Christine Bleakley is engaged to Frank Lampard's two daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine. Frank and Christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the Pride of Britain Awards five years ago. Frank's ex-wife, Elen Rivas, is the mother of the two girls, Isla and Luna. The TV star says building a bond with the girls has been a 'well-thought-out process'
The 58-year-old actress - who is married to actor Tom Hanks - revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and completed a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.
Two mothers rescued a baby and three young girls from rising tide at Blackpool Beach. But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on nearby pier did nothing to help. Instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
Darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone. But his son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge for the title of world's biggest bunny.
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. The school district's lunch menu from their website included spicy Cajun fish with brown rice, a cold cut turkey sandwich, a chef's salad, fresh orange or canned fruit, and 1 per cent skim milk. Two months ago Michelle Obama came under fire for the'shortcomings' of her Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act scheme.
German detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the Hatton Garden case. They are keen to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid. Detectives also want to know if forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his red Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit. He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in Dagenham, east London. His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani, both from Leytonstone, were killed in the crash. The couple in the Cleo, Rayape and Rosette Sellathurai, suffered serious injuries.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano - who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media. The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about mother Jade's constant Facebook updates about her baby daughter.
Gao Yu, 71, jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners'She leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet. Document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence', according to French media. Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
Classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45. The Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display. Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt cut a glamorous figure in her sequinned black and nude dress.
Former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich, 58, has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician. He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School in Ascot. He pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger. He has now been banned from teaching for at least five years.
Play with Cats system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys. Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them. The toys include a long 'tail' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button.
Canadian company Vox Populi Registry Ltd. is using the new '.sucks' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as Kevin Spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of the company were illegal.
Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove a reference to them as swindlers from the world's benchmark Spanish dictionary. Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy, which produces the definitive dictionary. The Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma.
Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody. He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted. Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris.
Daspletosaurus, a close relative of Tyrannosaurus rex, may have indulged in cannibalism. Scientists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus. The skull of the juvenile was covered in bite marks made by Tyrannosaur teeth. Some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs.
Len Barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile. He lost his appetite and endured bouts of diarrhoea and endured continuous pain. Despite numerous courses of antibiotics, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement.
John Travolta has broken his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief. The film claims that church elders have blackmailed the 61-year-old into being one of their most visible cheerleaders. It claims that members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps and cut off from their family if they decide to leave Scientology.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10. The men, both 5'8''-5'9'' are described as in excellent physical condition and in excellent shape. The FBI is offering $10,000 for information leading to their arrests.
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those 'tweeting violent threats'Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East. Twitter confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman and her husband Chris are days from becoming parents as their surrogate and college friend Laurel Humes reaches her due date. Rachelle can physically carry children but her blood pressure is too low, so Laurel, whose husband and son are pictured, offered to carry the child for them. The baby will be born near Laurel's home in Asheville, North Carolina, four hours from the Chapmans.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community for worsening the situation. The Lowy Institute report, released on Thursday, says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat'The risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response. The report comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center. The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial. The other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan, the newborn child of David Choe and his wife Jennifer.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types'That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial. Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation. It teaches people to focus on the present moment and is designed to help the patient develop a healthier relationship with their thoughts and feelings. Study found patients on MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants. This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington. Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside after ramming the front gates. The suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that occurred Thursday in the Southeast quadrant of the city.
New Zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask. The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being'very tall'He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday, Stuff.co.nz reports.
Survey of 1,001 British Muslims found that one in four sympathised with those who join terror organisations such as ISIS. One third have sympathy for the Jihadi runaways despite the deplorable images of ISIS atrocities posted on the internet. Six out of ten strongly condemned those, such as Jihadi John, who have joined ISIS.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, during a botched undercover gun-sale operation on April 2. The records include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself. Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Hop Theory claims to have invented a 'teabag' that can turn lager into craft beer. Hop Theory sachets contain a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices. Project has been criticised by professional breweries as misleading about what constitutes 'craft beer'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane. He told WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to his 16-year old brother. Lane was gay, and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt. Biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course, and multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect from different angles.
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. But as he fights to throw out the allegations, police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'Georgina Chapman, 38, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City since the scandal broke looking downcast and carrying their four-year-old daughter, India.
Lxy Wood, 13, and her brother Nick, 16, were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' during a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama. Her mother, Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, called out her 'disprectful' children on Facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother. Rebecca Boyd, who was watching Cinderella with her daughter Ashley, confronted the 13-year-old outside of the movie theater and told her that her husband had just been laid off. The story gained national attention after Mrs Wood turned to social media to try and find the woman and apologize for her daughter's behavior and pay for her next trip out of her children's allowance.
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November. JDM is a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. The disease has robbed Damon, from Gladstone in central Queensland, of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun.
Islamist militants abducted Warren Rodwell from his home in the Philippines by gunpoint on December 5, 2011. He was released in March 2013 after his family managed to raise a significant ransom and has spent time recovering from his physical and psychological injurie. Under Australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation. Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
Caretakers of Abraham Lincoln's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site. Illinois faces a financial crisis and Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk. The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning, police said. The body has been sent to the Chief Medical Examiner's Office to be identified and to determine the cause of death.
Nick Robinson returned to the BBC's News at Six last night to analyse Labour's manifesto. But his voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour. He tweeted: 'Good to be back on air. It doesn't hurt and I'm not risking my recovery'
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since Edward Snowden leaks, report claims. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down. Snowden leaked 1.7million classified documents from GCHQ and US National Security Agency.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital. She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced. The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it.'
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul, Iraq, where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants. She and six others were then taken to house in nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl. The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate.
Anthropologists studying the remains of a prehistoric woman nicknamed The Red Lady of El Mirón have found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth. Discovered in an elaborate grave in the cave in Cantabria, Spain, the remains are thought to belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman who was buried around 18,700 years ago. They found microscopic evidence that the woman had been eating sponge capped, bolete mushrooms and gilled mushrooms from the Agaric group.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with congenital biliary atresia, a rare liver condition. Mother Yang Haiying donated a portion of her liver to try and save her son, but his body rejected it. Father Xiao Kunqing was also found to be a match for the boy, but surgeons warned against a second operation, saying it carried far greater risks.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year, with three people killed in Australia and South Africa. Only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans, with Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks. The International Shark Attack File reports that there were 52 shark attacks in US waters in 2014, compared to 29 in 2015.
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition. The university's Women's Collective had launched a petition on the website change.org to have Mr Ritchie removed from his role in the TUU.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk. His owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear and found puss oozing from his back. She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns. Ms Edwards is now calling on all vets to ensure they heat up the pads correctly and monitor them adequately.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by saboteurs armed with iron bars on ropes. Wiltshire Police issued suspect's photograph, but he has not been identified. Mr Lane, who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt, was kicked in the head. He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth.
Capybara JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy. The capybara has near 60,000 Instagram followers and 1,000 Twitter followers.
The Shire of Montana is located in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state. The Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property near Trout Lake, Montana. At 1,000 square feet, the underground house has one king bedroom and a smaller guest room, plus custom-made wooden furniture.
Up to 2500 passengers are stranded on a cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, outside Sydney Harbour because of the city's wild weather. Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves, which began crashing into the ship late on Monday and have continued unabated. Carnival Cruise Lines officials confirmed with Daily Mail Australia that the ship was scheduled to arrive 'early this morning' but was unable to do so.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million. The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May. The three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom, looking out onto the street. The property has been exquisitely renovated and ‘achieving a beautifully balanced blend of period charm and contemporary touches,’ according to Belle Property Randwick.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits. The change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket. Around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were found at 3am by NYPD officers. They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday. Police questioned mother and daughter and now consider case closed after releasing them. Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok.
Jack Jordan proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas from his hospital bed. The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant, which they hoped would have given them a bright future together. But last week Mr Jordan was told he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live. The couple are now set to become the first to marry in Torbay Hospital's chapel.
Jeopardy contestant Tom left a lasting impression with viewers for all the wrong reasons after giving a highly inappropriate answer to a question about puberty. Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?' First contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes. The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California. Venues in 15 cities in the US, UK, France, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Brazil, Taiwan and the Philippines all participated.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. Parents Ahavah and Jason Cook from Andova, Minnesota, were expecting hearing problems. Elijah was fitted with hearing aids at nine-weeks-old and can now hear for the first time.
New book by former education journalist David Turner, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history of Britain's public schools. Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellions in the 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations.
Letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies. Letourneau and her husband, Vili Fualaau, and their two daughters, Audrey and Georgia, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20, which will air on ABC Friday at 10pm. Both girls attend school and sing in a choir in the same district in Seattle where their mother had once taught.
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday – a record sized 728kg pumpkin. The prize-winning pumpkins were presented to the elephants on Friday morning. The 728 monster, the work of grower Dale Oliver, was the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia.
The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations. 'We no longer have store locations,' reads the brand's website, which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston, Texas, on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison. He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior. Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester's fashionable Northern Quarter district and hid, asking when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him. Hall now risks arrest if he enters the area, where each of his terrified victims lived, at any time in the next five years.
Alex Perry opted out of presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week. Perry says he is enjoying 'taking a breather' and is focusing on his international efforts. This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. This year marks the 20th anniversary of MBFWA.
Sarah Wilson, 41, is the author of the best-selling book I Quit Sugar. She opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living. 'My anxiety brought me to a point where I couldn't quite see the existential point of continuing,' she said. Ms Wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the 'new depression'
Jay Kantaria, 38, from Harrow, north-west London, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party. He had'recently' left his senior position at Baring Asset Management to start career in property development. But coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention.
Sarah and Russell Ivens have two children, William, one, and one-year-old Matilda. After years of heartbreak, Sarah and Russell had two children William, (centre) and Matilda in 2011.
Ba Di Doll is a whopping 30 metres long, seven metres tall and six metres wide. Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. The term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom. Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a medicine.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday. He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south. He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday. At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, and his 15-year-old brother Marc drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators. Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder. Jean was enrolled at $31,000-a-year Gulliver Preparatory School, Marc at the public Palmetto School.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday. The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. Roberts squeezed in with the 50 others jurors and was not selected in the case.
The Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association's annual photography competition was held in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference. The competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Marie Muldoon won the competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled True Love.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool. She was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom, Jessica. She starts by confidently singing: 'Four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away'But as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears.
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington. 'Marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. And the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' Christie said. Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states.
Ashley Pegram, 28, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with Edward Primo Bonilla, 30, on April 3. Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account. She found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old Emoney Bonilla. But when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year, old man. Bonilla told her he had kicked her sister out of the car around midnight. He has now been charged with obstructing justice and given a $400,000 surety bond.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits. Photos include feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary.
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Christine Lillico, 47, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts. But instead she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle. By the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of £78,000. She spent some of the money on shopping sprees including JD Sports and B&Q.
The woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car in Boston, England. A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula, a part of the retina that is responsible for 90 per cent of a person's vision. She underwent surgery to repair the hole, after two months of poor vision.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years. Journey took him through 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes. Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the voyage unsupported by a team.
Ashton Wood will read out a 'not sorry' apology to the car company on national television tonight. The Queenslander launched a public campaign last year asking others to help him destroy his car in protest. He is now campaigning for the United States' Lemon Laws to be introduced in Australia. Mr Wood's extreme measures came after years of frustration with his 'cursed' Jeep Cherokee, which he bought from a Sunshine Coast dealer in Queensland in 2010.
Former NFL running back Lawrence Phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a Central California prison. Phillips, who was jailed in 2005, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in Los Angeles.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years. He married Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online. 'The first time I saw her it was love at first sight,' Joelison said.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat in San Jose, California. Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off. Butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend. Many local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with bunting and special-themed produce. Several business owners have already sent gifts to either Andy, 27, or his bride-to-be. Lesley Anderson, 52, who owns Point Nouveau Bridal shop, sent a garter to Kim Sears.
Sammy Griner, 8, is better known as the face of the 'Success Kid' meme. His father, Justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis. His mother, Laney, from Jacksonville, Florida, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications. The funds will supplement the money Medicare puts towards the procedure.
Hilary Wilson had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section and 'died' for 11 minutes. When she woke up, she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth to her son Felix. The 41-year-old woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having a baby. Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka. Assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with Pakistani army. He was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said.
Aaron Davis, 31, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am, according to police. Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter, vehicular homicide, aggravated fleeing and eluding, leaving the scene of a crash involving a death, DUI serious bodily injury and trying to escape from police headquarters. His wife, Ana Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Amy Murray, 23, of Brightlingsea, Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film. An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand. Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly when she appeared before magistrates in Colchester.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work.
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. Firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site. Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature.
Marianne Power has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month and this month she chose that of Anthony Robbins. Robbins charges $1 million to coach private clients and is the 'king' of the self-improvement world.
After running 150 chemical tests, an expert claims to have linked the James Ossuary – a 1st-century chalk box that was used for containing the bones of the dead – to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in Jerusalem’s East Talpiot neighbourhood. The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
ISIS has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb in the Syrian city of al-Mayadin. The men are paraded in front of a large crowd and their heads are taken clean off with a sharpened blade. They are marched to a small wooden stump and instructed to kneel, before an Islamic State militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking their heads off. He says: 'Whoever kills the Muslims and spills their blood, their reward is slaughter'
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind his Tory opponent in Kent seat. And he is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast in the General Election. If poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Model was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory. It is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester, where it will serve as the centrepiece for the commemoration of the Battle of Waterloo.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted onto a riverbank. Parachutes tangled at the Perrine Bridge, Idaho, and they were left badly injured. Both suffered fractures to the spine and Mr Carey was told he might not walk again. But a year on both have returned to the sport they love and both have started jumping again.
Property in north west London has'superb views' over a London park. Couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. But after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes. Despite her husband's attempts to evict her from the home, and force the sale of the heavily-mortgaged property, the wife has been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement.
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down, and has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk. The poet Byron called the experience a 'buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion'
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests. Each front row guest was given an $899 Lenovo tablet with their gift bag at the show. Jessica Mauboy, model Maddison Brow, and GQ editor Nick Smith were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne. Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia'Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that'The Australian lost $30 million in the 2012/13 financial year.
Scientists at UCLA examined brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took Pill and 46 who experienced natural cycles. They found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the Pill. They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms.
Walmart Supercenter was ranked at the bottom of the barrel in a recent survey of America's supermarkets. The retailer came in at number 67 followed by chain Waldbaum's, which was in last place. Wegmans was rated America's favorite supermarket followed by Publix, Trader Joe's and Fareway Stores.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to Syria. The pair from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days. They are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey on March 31. Both families have reported the boys missing to police but British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria from Turkey.
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. The picture has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on Facebook more than 211,000. Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, best known for his roles on Third Watch, Sons of Anarchy and ER.
Silvia suffers from pica, an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. In the Discovery TV show My Extraordinary Pregnancy Silvia reveals how she wanted to eat rocks during her third pregnancy. Dr Robert K Silverman Silvia's obstetrician says that pica can be very dangerous.
Martynas Kupstys, 26, was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics in January 2014. He was on trial at Lincoln Crown Court along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis. But he was mistakenly let of jail by bungling prison staff mid-way through his trial. The Lithuanian killer posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver on his Facebook page. He also posted a photograph of him imitating a pose beside a waxwork of Adolf Hitler.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice. Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the 'the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores'
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain. Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad, on Friday. Today, his body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health. Crowds gathered to get a closer look at the 'King of Clubs', 72, who headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group. He was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years. Her collection includes china, a solar powered Queen and thousands of photos. She says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as 'a labour of love'
Major-General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit. He was given the drug Lariam prior to a deployment in Sierra Leone. Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 African migrants from Libya to Sicily, after which the men were thrown to their deaths. 15 men have now been arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate,' Palermo police said. Survivors said they had boarded a rubber boat on the Libyan coast on April 14, which had 105 passengers aboard.
MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known professionally as War Machine, 33, is accused of attacking former porn star Christy Mack, 23, at her Las Vegas home on August 8, 2014. Mack, who has agreed to be identified in reporting of the case, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib. Now, nine months later, she has to wear a wig and glasses, and is still undergoing reparative dental work.
Stephanie Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder. A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west. Family, friends, students and even strangers will remember the brunette at'Eat Your Greens' function centre.
Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties. Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive.
William has created a secluded retreat for Kate, George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk. William plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments so that he can enjoy more time at home.
Crew of the Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia's largest warship, came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris. Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago. The new study, published on Thursday in the journal Science, presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Scottish National Party has extended its lead over Labour, polling shows. Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, had been out to eat and were on their way back into the Hotel don Pancho in Benidorm when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet. CCTV footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of Mr Ogden while her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden. The Ogdens were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed.
Deborah, 43, Lanarkshire, describes her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment promises frizz-free hair for up to four months.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine. First results to emerge from patient trials reveal the experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load. The antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug. The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law. Cruz's stance on the issue presents a problem the politician who has said the'most dangerous' aspect of President Barack Obama's tenure ‘has been lawlessness'
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. Chelsea owner, who frequently visits Tel Aviv on business, is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home. The hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres. It consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites, and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens. The purchase includes an adjacent car park, which is already zoned for and has approval for additional building.
Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman over payment protection insurance complaints. They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI. Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing, which took place between May 2011 and July 2013.
A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm. It can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away in distance. Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people. Details resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
The city of Boston received 108.6 inches of snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter, beating the previous seasonal record of 107.9 inches that was set in 1995-96. The 65 inches that fell in February crushed the previous one-month record of 43.3 inches in January 2005.
Nick Clegg says there is a'very real danger' Ukip and Northern Ireland's DUP could hold Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament. Clegg's remarks come after Nigel Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night. Ukip leader said he wanted to work with Cameron to prevent a possible Labour government. He called on Tories to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep Cameron as PM.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go with her presidential campaign before giving up an endorsement. As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message. He also said he wants  to see her vision for addressing income inequality. 'I think she's a tremendous public servant. I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office,' he said.
The kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing, south-west China. But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown. The kite weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to manoeuvre.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead has gone on the market for £985,000. It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India. Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the property has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and a cellar. The main sitting room is double height with a gallery and the original inglenook fireplace.
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told. The couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year. Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
Actress Jemima Kirke, 29, spoke out about her abortion in a new PSA for the Center for Reproductive Rights. Jemima says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. The actress says getting an abortion was the right decision for her at the time.
Izaak Gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter's Oregon City home. He was pronounced dead the next day. The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
Researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN.com, Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com. They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-banned Users. Trolls are less likely to use positive words than other users, swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider'
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home. A 17-year-old girl arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized will not face criminal charges. The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services, said Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson.
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust. Comey said last week, 'In their minds, the murderers and accomplices of Germany, and Poland, and Hungary, and so many, many other places didn't do something evil'Poland is waiting to see if Comey would issue an apology — something that hadn't happened by late Monday.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia. It's nestled among volcanoes banana and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level. Chunks of volcanic rubble stick up from the stepped hillside, which is considered sacred by the Sundanese people.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station. She started ranting at staff, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman. Hussain has been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar, a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole, from 1973 to 1982. He would watch as prostitutes hid behind newsstands and trash cans to avoid police at the terminal across the street and watched as the lives of many who entered his bar slowly fall apart.
Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie. Immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson from San Diego, California, have been taking photos of marine animals for nearly a decade. The selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean, such as sharks and sting rays. The intrepid divers have travelled to Papua New Guinea, the Maldives and Virgin Islands.
16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week. Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile, killing all 298 passengers and crew on July 17, 2014. Investigators searched for body parts and debris at a location that was previously considered unsafe.
Emma Dickson, 31, had two blood clots in her lungs, which led to a condition called pleural effusion. This is a condition which causes fluid to accumulate between the lungs and chest wall. The two pulmonary embolisms became lodged in Ms Dickson's lungs, causing fluid to build up. This led to fluid accumulating around the lung and can make them collapse. There was also a risk the clot could have moved to her brain, causing a stroke.
The Homeless Period project hopes to highlight the plight of women living on the streets. It is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter. The project was started by Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, who met while working as interns at an advertising agency. They began the campaign after realising that society considered homelessness to be a'male' issue.
Clark Elmore confessed to raping and killing his 14-year-old stepdaughter Kristy Ohnstad in 1995. He claimed his rights were violated during the trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles. Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state’s death row after being sent there in 1996. He may still ask the US Supreme Court to review the 9th Circuit court's opinion.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years. The 38-year-old has written more than 3,355 reviews, 21,000 forum posts and seven videos. He has visited 394 cities and 46 countries, with a map claiming he has travelled more than 600,000 miles and visited a third of the world.
Volkswagen board member Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser said the new version will share at least three key features with the original. He suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels. The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper ceased production in 2003, and while VW has rolled out two concept'microbuses' in recent years, neither have the charm or iconic good looks of its original.
President Barack Obama said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his 'foolish' position on a deal with Iran 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy'Obama's jab at Walker departed from the White House's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the president, who is prohibited by the Constitution from seeking another term. Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
The Sleep Cycle app tracks a user's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases. It uses the phone's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase, using a pre-defined 30-minute alarm window.
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya King have criticised his parents. Ashya was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year. They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick. Patrick Lyttle was in a coma for six days after a single punch to the head left him in a pool of blood and vomit on January 3 in Sydney's Potts Point. Barry could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing. The Lyttle family has previously said the charges against Barry should be dropped.
Veteran airman Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO in the sky. He said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between Kansas and Iowa in 1989. The aircraft captain said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol Monday night in Dummerston, Vermont. Police say the woman from Shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence. MacDonald stuck out her tongue for the cheeky picture after she was arrested and brought back to police headquarters on charges of driving while intoxicated.
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone before her daughter Zaani was born late last year. Four days after giving birth, Miss Bevan walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or a coat. The next day, police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near the Clifton suspension bridge. Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict. Hernandez is accused of killing Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safirdo Furtado, 28, immigrants from Cape Verde, in July 2012 after a nightclub altercation over a spilled drink.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. A middle-aged woman launched into a fiery spray about Islam, bringing up beheadings and the marriage of children while berating a Muslim woman for wearing a headscarf. Ms Eden, who recorded a snippet of the conversation, fired back at the woman in defence of the Muslim couple, saying: 'Have some respect... What's that got to do with this poor lady?'
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country. He also warned that if women did not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter. From Kim Kardashian's last-minute baskets for toddler North West to Myleene Klass' bunny-themed egg hunt. Amanda Holden shared a snap of her daughters Hollie, 3, and Lexie, 9, armed with baskets, wellies and dressing gowns.
Researchers studying chimps in Uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory. They found at a busy asphalted road through the Sebitoli area of Kibale National Park in Uganda, the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing.
Groom's brother was caught on camera firing celebratory shots with a Kalashnikov. He lost control of the rifle and fired at the wall by mistake, sending bullets ricocheting off the wall.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water. Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed Evans for his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. Ms Skinner said she was 'highly disappointed' to see the My Kitchen Rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise. Evans has previously been slammed for his endorsement of the controversial Paleo diet.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, and Chris Martin, 38, have finalized their divorce, according to a report from TMZ. Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable. They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the Beckham brood turned out to support their pal Christopher at the London in Los Angeles event at Griffith Observatory. Over 700 guests and models, including Jourdan Dunn, James Corden, and Naomi Campbell, joined Burberry boss Christopher Bailey to celebrate fashion, music, and Britishness at the exclusive event. The event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive that opened in November. Bailey was named CEO at just 42-years-old back in October 2013.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in Kircaldy, Fife, in January last year. His death came just six months after he was returned to her care following more than a year with foster carers. Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years. But a review into whether the social care teams involved with the family could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the crash in the north-western Turkish city of Istanbul. Friend Adem Kilic, 31, who is in a critical condition in hospital, survived the horror crash. Witnesses said it was a'miracle' the emergency services were able to get anyone out alive.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, has written two new books about growing up in a famous family haunted by depression, alcoholism, illness, and suicide. Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of her family. Both of her parents were alcoholics, and she recalls their loud fights during which she played the peacemaker and tried to pick up the pieces.
Madeline Luciano, 40, is said to have looked on as pupils wrote nasty words on board. Pupils at PS 18, Manhattan, wrote 'ugly', 'annoying' and 'phony' on the board. It only stopped when the girl started crying and pupils started shouting insults. But Ms Luciano claims she was trying to teach a lesson about the evils of bullying.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court. He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24. Mr Besim is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model. She has modelled for Myer, Macy's, David Jones, Bloomingdale's, Berlei and Asos. The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005.
Balls said he would not allow Nicola Sturgeon's party to dictate a deal at England's expense. The shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he wouldn't allow Scotland to benefit at the expense of England. He said: 'There is absolutely no possibility of any vote being put to parliament or any budget measure in a Labour budget which would in any way disadvantage the West Midlands or any other part of England'
Outspoken weight loss expert Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain’s obesity crisis. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population. Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr said that eight officers had been suspended and that he had recommended they be fired. He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'The eight officers include Captain Jason Fox, 42, a two decade veteran and Sergeant Michael Wibunsin, a 12-year veteran.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. The commission said two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
US Department of the Treasury officials insist the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down when the country went off the gold standard. They argued that Joan Langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003. A jury in 2012 sided with the government, but the appeals court returned the coins to the Langbords because US officials had not responded within a 90-day limit.
Many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes, but few adopt electronic devices as habit. Cardiff University study found most teens who do try them are also smokers. This suggests they are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits. Researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across Wales.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised Oratory School in London for'social selection'State-funded school in Fulham, West London, was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year. Watchdog decided it was biased against working-class and non-Catholic children. But High Court judge branded the decision by the watchdog 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. He and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend.
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year. Does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag?
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania. He is accused of two murders, robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997. But he repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming they breached his human rights. Judges at the European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case.
Cocktail sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham, Sussex. They were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. Sussex Police have warned dog owners to be aware when out walking their animals.
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, northwest of Tucon, with a rifle. Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. The footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
L'Ardéchoise site is in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France. It's an hour-and-half's drive from the beaches of the south and Montpellier airport, it's known as the gastronomic centre of France.
Woman, 84, is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her, resulting in a serious head injury. She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones, and one onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood'
Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell. Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday. About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered her unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka. The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia, 9, and brother Gerwyn, 19. Carwyn may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel. His family said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation' with a 'vast void in our hearts'They said he was 'a very competent skier' who had started aged three.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. In June, It's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan, was deemed misleading by the Federal Court. It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam, 34, jumped through an open side door of their van. But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away. The man who pushed Mr Prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years after admitting manslaughter.
Photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions. The savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis.
In 1995, there were 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons. That number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013, according to the international migrant stock trends data. Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million recorded.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills. It was closed as part of the Beeching Report, which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network. But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
The Randolph, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon, with smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control. The five-star hotel, run by the Macdonald chain, includes the Morse Bar, named after being used for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is also charged with homicide. The eighth-grader allegedly conspired with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed last month. The teen's mother found out about their relationship in March and ordered them to end it. A day later, the teen told Barnes in a text message, 'I want her gone,' police said.
Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group were identified as some of the worst performing companies by The 2015 Australian Fashion Report. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
Video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex. It shows the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland. First of the aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines. As the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
Newly-discovered records reveal fate of Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth. Records from Graylingwell Hospital in Chichester, West Sussex, show she died penniless at the age of 74. She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness', according to records.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. He will stop by 13 countries along the way in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service. Keyes decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from Oaxaca, Mexico, to return home to the United States.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds, including a love for seafood and spices. David said that he and husband Neil, 41, don't usually cook as a couple, with David himself taking the reins in the kitchen. Neil does serve as'more of the bartender' when they have company at their New York home.
The plant produces paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics. It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control, officials said. Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the Syrian capital Damascus. The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945. He watched on as camp commander Josef Kramer, known as The Beast of Belsen, was marched to his death at gunpoint following his trial.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of Alicante on the Spanish coast. Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
David Cameron visited Age UK in Plymouth yesterday with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all all four home nations in bid to secure votes. He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Gen. V.K. Singh is spearheading the rescue exercise in Yemen. He is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat. Comment evoked sharp reactions, with the Opposition demanding an apology.
Meter Maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of Queensland's most sought-after holiday destination, but time may have run out for the Surfers Paradise bikini-clad icons. The 50-year tradition has split the Gold Coast community, with business leaders calling for the end of an era. Started in 1965, Meter Maids were the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. The controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters. Local business owners say it was time for them to move as they had become irrelevant now because parking meters were electronic.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his 47-year-old wife Amanda eight times. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail. He asked her to 'get my things together' before for his trial.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, and husband Phillip Davies have three children aged two, four and six. She took some time off work to spend with her children - but said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering.
Elijah McCrae's parents, Jessica and Andrew, created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son. The list included a trip to the Sydney Royal Easter Show, a road trip to Queensland, and visits to Sydney's aquarium and Opera House. Elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA), which saw him get weaker as he got older.
Boeing is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins on its 737 family of planes. Designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines. ‘Space Bins’ can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark. He had caught the cab home after a night out with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson. But he and his friends didn't have enough money to complete the journey, so decided to trick the driver by 'dodging' the fare. Mr Phillips was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03, which runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack that drives six YASA-400 electric motors. It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h), compared to the top speed of 155 mph on the Model S. Drive eO says it will be the 'first one megawatt all-electric race car with peak torque of 2160 Nm'
Zoe Hadley, 19, also known as Zoe Hommel, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year. An inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents, solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence, struggled to treat her condition. The teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she'd had a prolapse.
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in a wheelchair in her home in Dublin in 2011. Her carer Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping her to commit suicide. She is accused of helping Ms Forde buy a 'toxic' substance over the internet so she could kill herself. Gardai were alerted to her plans to travel to Switzerland by a travel agent in Rathgar, south Dublin.
Kate Winslet, 39, has revealed that her co-star Leonardo DiCaprio referred to her feet as'my canoes'The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today. Stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet.
Larissa Knipe moved into Leanne Bourne's Romford home when she was 17. Three years on, Larissa is winning back her sister after more than three years in the cold. Leanne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happened and still has bad days.
ISIS have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats. Follows heavy defeats at Tikrit in Iraq and the appalling costly siege of Kobane. Some ISIS supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat. The rules, particularly regarding the publishing information on the location of fighters and tactics, appear to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters.
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. She says she was lucky to have a few nit-free years in her early 20s when she became a mother. Dais says it takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one.
The federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores, Washington, beach on Thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family. The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. Reece got out, but his mother and daughter were trapped inside the car. The car had to be flipped by a bulldozer, before it was taken back to the road by a tow truck.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race. Oxford University's female rowing team made history by winning the race and competing on the same day as the men for the first time. Oxford's women breezed past Cambridge on their historic first battle on The Tideway course.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. The youths could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal. One 15-year-old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm, affray and a count of stealing.
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth over the past decade. Here, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
Phillip and Gaby Beckle-Raymond bought their three bedroom home for £325,000. When they sprung a leak in the roof, they called in a builder who recommended they re-tile the roof. But after removing all the tiles, he then told them that the roof structure was unsound. He suggested they use the opportunity to expand their home and add value to the property by adding a loft conversion. The couple decided to pay a £7,000 deposit for the work. But as the sub contractor began to work on their home, the first builder then disappeared. The family had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs.
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock, which he thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea. It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory, in Greenwich, to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true. The clock has since been certified by the Guinness World Records.
New poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating puppet Labour leader. It is the image which the Tories hope will scare voters into their arms – the prospect of Nicola Sturgeon forcing Ed Miliband to implement her radical policies. Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon claims she can help 'lead the UK' in today's Scottish Mail on Sunday. SNP leader reveals her party's manifesto will include pledges in policy areas which don't even directly affect Scotland.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of Powell's bookstore in Portland, Oregon. The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up, along with her assistant manager. But she received a handwritten apology and a Ben & Jerry's gift card for ice cream.
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year. Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana, representative of the Historic House of the Medici, is aiming to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.
New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of rape who is advocating for 'yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country. The law, which was first passed in California in 2014, defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person. Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park. Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the Bible.
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months. Philip lost his job as a gardener following a stomach operation and then the pair lost their benefits. Victoria took on more hours as a shop assistant but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut. Couple were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans to pay off their debts.
Aaron Hernandez was a key part of the New England Patriots offense and played in the Super Bowl in 2012. He had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion in the Boston suburbs. But even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - Hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be.
Slipper Island is a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island. It boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views. The NZ $7.5 million (AUD $6.765 million) sale has divided the Needham family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's legacy.
Stacey Johnson, 22, from Much Hadham, Hertfordshire, was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2007. Her sister Dannii, 20, had been Stacey's full-time carer since last year, but began to suffer headaches. She was shocked to discover she too had a tumour, although hers is benign. Both sisters were born with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) - a condition that causes café au lait spots on the skin.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. She was told she only had between nine months to three years to live. The mother of two lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61. Four days before she died, her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha, 40, and Kelly, 38, noticed her engagement ring was missing from her finger. The family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in June 1972. Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive. Moore suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk, but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID, he has been unable to receive medical treatment.
Adrian Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair, Switzerland. The dog named Sintha is an Appenzeller mix according to the owner, who only knows the breed of the dog's mother.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been buoyed by TV debates opposing austerity cuts. New TNS survey shows the SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month. 52 per cent now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24 per cent of Scots planning to vote for Miliband.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday. Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well. 'I just wanted to say you're well-loved in Jamaica. Well, first of all I can say to you publicly, 'I love you,' she told Obama. Obama is off for another historic meeting there, this time with Cuba's President Raul Castro.
Trevor Noah has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel, 28, a source close to Noah told Daily Mail Online. The pair started dating in 2014 and have known each other for at least four years. It's believed that the pair had a heart to heart about Noah's future plans and exploding fame. Gabriel runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city.
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, Arizona, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison, 13, in March 2007. She told a teacher she had been raped but authorities falsely said there was no evidence of the attack. It meant her uncle continued to rape her for four years and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case. Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office.
Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to prank her own mother. She began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message: 'You didn't tell me the decorator man was coming mate!' Before adding in a quick reference from the famous Liam Neeson kidnapping film Taken: 'I thought I was guna get taken man'
Vin Los, 24, gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world. Despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink, Vin insisted that the Sharpie-like tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms 'embody pop culture', create 'a myth, a mystery'
Jill Scott was sent off during Manchester City Ladies' 1-0 defeat by Arsenal on Sunday. The 28-year-old reacted angrily to a challenge by Gunners defender Jade Bailey. City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character' and said the incident will be dealt with.
Eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend Naomi Bass in Kyoto, Japan. The couple met in Perth in 2011 and are now back in Perth, where they met in 2011. Sullivan won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games.
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum. The watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24.
Poets House is a three-minute walk from the cathedral in Ely, Cambridgeshire. There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. The main dining room is a more formal, carpeted affair with crisp, white tablecloths.
Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto pulled Valles from the burning wreckage of his car just moments before it was engulfed by flames. Valles' clothes had begun to burn as the officers unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road. Bystanders alongside Valles car can be heard yelling, 'He's still breathing'
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year. It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March. The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believed to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
The Ultimate Collection is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since The Rhythm of the Saints in 1990. It includes 19 tracks from Simon’s 50-year career, including Mrs Robinson and The Only Living Boy in New York.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party for the team. But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer. Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner.
Johanna Powell, 37, was on holiday in Laos with three friends when boat hit rock in rapids. The crew, tour guide and other passengers swam to safety, but she disappeared under the water. Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the Mekong river to try and find her. A body has been found, but it has not yet been identified, the Foreign Office confirmed.
Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11 grams to weight of 114g. The popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer, Burton’s Biscuit Company. Price at Sainsbury's has risen from £1 to £1.50 over the past year, according to figures.
Bryan Stow was beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011. The father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months. Mr Stow has been left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems. He was awarded $18 million compensation but has not received any cash due to legal delays.
TV presenter Guy Martin is facing a police probe after boasting of reaching speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone while reviewing the new Aston Martin. The 33-year-old, who presents Speed with Guy Martin on Channel 4, wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar after test driving it on the Isle of Man's TT course. He wrote of how he pressed the accelerator 'flat to the floor' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby, which is part of the TT race and has a speed limit of 40mph.
Judy Murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year. Her mother Leonore Sears, 53, has long been admired on the tennis circuit by men of a certain vintage. The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year. One charity shop has displayed mannequins of the bride and groom while many are calling it Scotland's royal wedding.
Five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday. He was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in Las Vegas. His family said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement.
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers, Miliband said. A new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, police units and Home Office enforcement staff, he added. But Nigel Farage and James Brokenshire dismissed Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration. Ukip leader said Miliband was right about some migrants being exploited but insisted it was not the main issue.
Topshop and Topman is set to launch a second store in NSW at Westfield Miranda. The brand will pull out all stops, chauffeuring fashion bloggers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists and giveaways.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport. He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean'But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor. The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions.
Yasona Laoly, Indonesia’s Justice and Human Rights Minister, called in unexpectedly at Kerobokan Prison. He checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners. Mack, 19, from Chicago, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, 62-year-old socialite Sheila von Wiese-Mack, whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase.
Orden Williams Jr. says he was outside a BP gas station in Memphis, Tennessee, when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment. Williams, who was with a baby, asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked. Williams wants all the boys to have to appear in juvenile court for their actions.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were awarded a collective $1.6million from an Ohio court on Friday. The brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975. They were exonerated last year after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony.
Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat in cat magazine, Puss Puss. Includes caviar and salmon roe, jellied fish heads and a seafood sculpture made of octopus, lobster and prawns. Cat fancier admits Kimchi loves crunchy 'human food' and that taramasalata would be his 'death row dish'She recently added a new addition to her family, Ponzu, named after her favourite Japanese dressing.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50k/h zone last year. He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver. Car owners can't, under the law, say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty thanks to hormone treatment. The transgender boy, who has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child, has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections. The teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and may not even be aware he is lost. A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad and local police.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, revealed interns are paid just £25 per week for 12-hour shifts. He is also MP for Chesterfield, where he is defending a narrow majority of just 500 votes over the Lib Dems.
North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average in the past 40 years. As the North Sea warms, species won't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures because habitat of a suitable depth is rare. As a result UK fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water such as red mullet and John dory.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties, court hears. He encouraged Thomas to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, along with ingredients to make bomb. But Thomas failed to understand his code for 'bomb' and replied: 'Cake? U mean the b o m b'Islam, from Manor Park, east London, is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales. Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under. Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. He was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond Friday, according to many reports. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. Andrews posted a photo of a romantic-looking candle that was seemingly taken at Italian restaurant La Sosta Enoteca in Manhattan Beach, California, on Thursday.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash when she was 32. Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster. Webster had drugged his wife at their home in Tarves, Scotland, before taking her for a drive. He then deliberately crashed their car and, after making his own escape, set it on fire. Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith last year. Peter has gone in front of the cameras to talk about his grief and to reveal the shocking detail of his sister's death.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious. She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head. There was a net in place but as she was standing so close, she was hit because of the slack.
The aggressor is seen on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. The old man hit the aggressor's car as he changed lanes and, according to the truck driver, cut him off. Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight. The man refused to stop and got in the face of Solis' friend, who clocked him and left him out cold on the road.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two. Now believes overeating causes more health problems than having a very restricted diet.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40, and she pleaded for the order to be reversed. The case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the United States. Rutherford claims that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the US. But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute.
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down. For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers. The argument escalated and Kelly was attacked and died at the scene.
Scores of Syrians wait in line for hours for food in self-declared capital of Raqqa. Pictures were posted on Twitter by anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. ISIS prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive, pumping out images, videos and even a weekly English-language magazine.
The Channel Islands Heritage Festival is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago – Guernsey, Alderney, Jersey, Herm and Sark. Liberation Day itself will turn St Peter Port and Jersey's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015, dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations. These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money. Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty, but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10.
Celebrity cosmetic surgeon Dr Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, on Easter April 5. More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended the hour-long service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn. Mourners at the memorial were split over whether the TV show made by Hollywood star Tina Fey was a factor in the suicide.
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died in what Spanish police have described as an 'accidental drowning'Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. He was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament. A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay by 1%.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud.'
The case of Shona Banda, 37, was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney's office for a decision about charges. Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment. The divorced Garden City mother said she did not get custody of her son back following a hearing on Monday. Banda is the author of a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
The seemingly meaningless symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements. But the squiggles are actually thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving housebreakers details. So far the code has only been spotted in East Kilbride, Lanarkshire.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything. He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Art and photography community, BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'Parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead. The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis, and Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game.
Havana cob Cody was trapped in a ditch in Anderson Way, Belvedere, south London. It took 18 firefighters an hour-and-a-half to free the horse, who was lifted from the water by a device under his stomach. Owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexleyheath, said her horse looked like Black Beauty.
Frances Bean Cobain has admitted she's not a big fan of her dad Kurt's music in a candid new interview. The 22-year-old lost her dad to suicide when she was just 20 months old. Said it wasn't awkward for her as a child not being a huge fan of his music.
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy. Angela (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years. He picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat, took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is now helping to raise her baby. He put his athletics training on hold so he could work enough hours to save money.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. The auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks. But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them? We look back at the show's winners to decide whether nabbing the prize on BGT can make you a star.
Island was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502 by the Trade Winds. It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels. It played a role in both slavery and abolition: when the trade became illegal it was the base from which the British sought to capture the perpetrators and free their human cargo. The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - 850 live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. Hundreds of 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day. Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission and is currently being held on a $100,000 bond.
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne's west. Police say the man was collecting bins in Footscray early on Saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole. Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene. Two others are fighting for their lives in hospital after a car apparently packed with six passengers rolled over in Launching Place, Melbourne's east.
' Crystal clear' footage is said to be of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain. It was handed into the Metropolitan Police by a worker 50ft from the crime scene. The worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid. But, even though police raced to obtain the CCTV once the report was made, the force has refused to make the images public – despite claims it is the best footage yet. It comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday - four days before the raid was discovered.
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers. A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale. All guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients.
James Ward, 31, of Burnley, Lancashire, was attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders. He needed 38 staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back and had several other fingers partially severed. Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
Jessica Knight suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances. The four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings. Doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six.
Amanda Taylor, 24, of Blacksburg, Virginia, has been charged with first-degree murder. Charles Taylor, 59, was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, April 4. Taylor's suspected partner in crime, 32-year-old Sean Ball, was seriously wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina after the two allegedly tried to kill him. The mother of two reportedly blamed her father-in-law for introducing her husband, Rex, to drugs at a young age and driving him to suicide.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department. A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. Some were forward looking, some practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels, larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty. The department's first chief of police, William Devery, was known as the king of kickbacks.
Bernie Madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress. Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud. A new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an Israeli model.
Shops offering everything for £1 or less have become a magnet for wealthier shoppers. Almost half of all people who have visited discounters are middle class and among the country's highest earners, research has found. 57 per cent of adults claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice. Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's. The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June, and has an estimated 28 million downloads. Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines. 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time. Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory. Dr Lara Briden gives us her top remedies for preventing period pain.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, who now lives in Scotland, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base in south London, during the army interview and screening process. It is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault and two rapes at Southwark Crown Court.
Explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road, according to authorities. It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
Terry McCarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames. His brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. He endured 58 operations and cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms. He was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. Vine says she's perfect for the job, and her principal qualification is entirely basic - she loves cars.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia. But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. Most of that will be spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s.
Peter Tait is the headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset. He claims parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education and should take a back seat. Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child.
Dane Bowers, 35, charged with common assault in connection with incident in February. Accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model Sophie Cahill in front of her young son, causing a bloody nose. He is due to appear before magistrates in south London next month.
Peter Hiett, a decorated former prison guard, worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution in Hounslow, south west London. Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt, in which gangsters organise mass brawls in underground 'fight clubs'
Ellie Harrison has spoken about how she believes she will fall out of favour on Countryfile. The 37-year-old said that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you' and she wouldn't be surprised if she was replaced. The mother-of-two joined the BBC show in 2011 and says she'd love to stay on for 'a long time'In December 2014 she revealed that she was told to tone down her look on the show.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere. His pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old TV presenter from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days. They were inundated with submissions from all over the world. Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road, making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99. Tessa Cunningham finds out if it really makes things easier.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School. A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their children. Ms Scott was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years. Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW.
Gigi Hadid, 19, and seven other up-and-coming models have channeled their inner 'beauty queens' to pose up in some of the spring season’s hottest runway looks for a fashion and beauty spread. The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland and Ondria Hardin.
The 'Fullips' device, a sort of suction-thimble, has gone viral online. It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on it. This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
Douglas Murphy was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. A cut so small it was barely visible became infected, triggering the flesh-eating infection, necrotizing faciitis. Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg, when they noticed antibiotics given to the father-of-two had begun to work.
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert. Kerry Green's daughter Emily, 13, was threatened to post explicit pictures on her Facebook wall. Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity. Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern China's Fujian province. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene. Chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb' as the truck ran over her, ending up ten feet away from her.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot for Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova. Dina posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design.
Neurio is a $250 (£168) device that claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines, allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone. The Neurio sensor is plugged into the house’s breaker panel, or circuit box. It measures both differential voltage and current signals every split second and these signals are used to calculate power and energy consumption.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone looking for food in bins behind her restaurant. She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward. The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster. Please come in during operating hours for a classic Pb&j [peanut butter and jam sandwich], fresh veggies, and a cup of water at no charge'A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhatlovelookslike.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz. He said that if she repeated her claims she will have committed perjury. Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel. Mr Brunel said that he was 'devastated by the unfounded accusations against him'
Alison Saunders said her job was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases. But she was accused of ignoring rights of victims and perpetrating Establishment cover-ups. Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s.
Jeremy Clarkson has decided against hosting BBC's Have I Got News For You later this month. It would have marked his first appearance on the BBC since he was dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas' at a hotel over dinner. But show's producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
Prime Minister will today pledge that if he is returned to Downing Street he will offer the public £4 billion of Lloyds shares still held by the Government after Gordon Brown’s £20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers’ money during the 2008 economic crisis. The shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm. Patrick Lyttle, 31, was allegedly struck by his brother Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty after the crown declined to downgrade the charge. He will now be sentenced at Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, has had her promising career halted by a dead shin bone. The teen football prodigy was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia. The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen. Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone.
Television presenter Clare Balding has married her partner of 14 years. The 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor did they invite any guests. The couple live in West London with their Tibetan terrier, Archie.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday. She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media.
Dorian Poe, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure. He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who, unable to live her own dreams of world travel, sent her teddy bear in her place. Dorian decided to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition.
Motaz Zaid, 20, was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, in the early hours of Friday when the group of thugs targeted them. The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before Mr Zaid was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off. Friend, 19, who was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal, was left for dead in the quiet residential street.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31, after drunkenly losing his temper. He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children. He forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house. He then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing individual eggs at her head. Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested at the property in Worcester.
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told. District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman' but ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
Six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night. They successfully broke into the basement of the building in the heart of London’s jewellery district. Footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping. Scotland Yard tonight refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam, calling the venture 'foam surrealism'The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state. By day, the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons. But by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good. More than 2,000 teenagers have attend Kommando core, an AWB 'endurance' camp for white youngsters, over the last two years.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering a nine-year-old. He was on his way to see his sister in Southampton when he'stopped for a beer' in Calais. He then attacked Chloe while drunk, strangled her and bundled her into his car, prosecutors said. His lawyer said: 'I have not been able to speak much with him, he does not talk much'
Bjorn Ulvaeus, of Swedish pop group ABBA, has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance. The restaurant is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a Purple Heart. The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. Breteinbach has both the Purple Heart and the Combat Infantryman's Badge.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie’s writer Noel Clarke on Twitter. A number of abusive tweets were sent from Deacon's account to Mr Clarke's account from March 5 to December 19, Hammersmith Magistrates’ Court in west London was told. The Babylon actor was sectioned under the Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
Hamish Baillie, 47, claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in a park when he was a 15-year-old resident of a children’s home. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders concluded dementia made the former Leicester West MP unfit to plead. Nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the peer waived their right to anonymity to say the decision 'beggars belief'Mr Bailie, of Hinckley, Leicestershire, said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him 'questioning myself and everyone around me'
Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of Anzac and forcibly shut down by the government. Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat. He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney, before he embarked for service. Woolworths and Carrspace also failed to seek permission from the Department of Veterans' Affairs to use the word 'Anzac' for commercial purposes, as is required by law.
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed an internal investigation is underway relating to access, but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed. Cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of March, following a slew of erratic events.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010. David Cameron and Ed Miliband both facing prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government.
Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go.
April Jones was abducted from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys, in 2012. Coral Jones, 43, has revealed she has received hate mail blaming her for her daughter's murder. She was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play in the street past 7pm. April was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger, 49, who was jailed for life in 2013. Mrs Jones said she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike 'for an extra 15 minutes'
Rona Fairhead was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' by Margaret Hodge, chairman of the Commons public accounts committee, over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank’s Swiss division. Now, the 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving the bank's board entirely.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April. He was convicted of defrauding the taxman of £450,000 and faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m. Khan lived in a gated £500,000 house in Moseley and drove a BMW, but had no obvious job. Police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan.
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'But a programme at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday. Neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired. Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
The Baird Televisor is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction in Cologne, Germany. It was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system. The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored.
Dealing across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos by the crash of the server at Bloomberg's offices in the City of London. More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the start of trading, leaving brokers unable to work. Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network' for the outage.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends. One of the hens spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride. After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres. Car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry on March 8. Paramedics were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided. Now the dad-of-one believes he was saved by Jesus Christ watching over him.
Paul warned today that Clinton's day of reckoning is coming over checks her family's foundation took from foreign actors. 'I think there is big news coming on the Clinton Foundation,' Paul told Fox News during a New Hampshire swing earlier this month. Paul said that if Clinton wants 'to be the candidate of women's rights,' she needs to answer for the foundation's acceptance of gifts from Saudi Arabia, which disrespects women, as well as her use of a private email server while working at the State Department.
Wade Lange and his team Living Dead Clothing have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week. There are almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100. The company beat a who's who of global clothing manufacturers last year, to ink a deal with Marvel Comics Superheroes.
It is the first time since records began that such sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row. Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy. They are also a major rebuff to Tony Blair's claim that quitting the EU would cause'significant damage to our economy'
Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created the book after she gave birth to her first child in 2012. The book, Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year, chronicles this emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life in wry, honest illustrations.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancée Nick Loeb. Loeb claimed that the actress demanded her friend and employee serve as the surrogate over his 'objections as well as the recommendations of the parties’ doctor', according to a report by Page Six. A source for the publication added: 'Sofía insisted on it. She said the assistant was the only person she could trust'On Wednesday it was reported Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Boris Johnson urged Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives' to avoid the 'nightmare' of a 'backward-looking Labour government' propped up by an 'even more Left-wing' SNP. The London Mayor claimed Ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' as they realise a vote for Nigel Farage's party is a 'vote for Ed Miliband'He also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind the Tories in Thanet and defeat the Ukip leader.
Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa. The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters. An Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances. Clinton will fly to New Hampshire after her Iowa swing.
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station. The 42-year-old allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident. The culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car but wouldn't have got far without working headlights, a front number plate or a front bumper bar.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under. Experts removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death by two 'friends'Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, were jailed for life at Blackfriars Crown Court. Mr Buchel was subjected to 'degrading and humiliating violence' in the months before his death. The men were obsessed with the hit U.S. TV show Jackass and videos found on their mobile phones showed him being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
The FBI have released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe. They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused. The FBI confirmed it found images of a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' that appear to show her being sexually abused.
Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the West Midlands either committed, of were suspected of committing, a crime, according to figures from West Midlands Police. They include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences. Four-year old children have also been investigated on suspicion of possessing cannabis, criminal damage, assault, theft and sexual activity with a child aged under 13.
Jamie Richardson, 38, from West Sussex and Daniel Taylor, 37, from Worthing, West Sussex, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court. One allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew, while the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists during the disturbance. The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term, with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah. He specialises in oil painted portraits, which can take between 50 to 300 hours to complete.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis. The charges stem from a police raid on his waterfront North Island mansion on November 6. Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people. The case has left Rudd's position with the top-selling band in doubt.
William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Kerr Wilson, 89, died just two minutes apart from each other this week. The couple first met in Corbin, Kentucky and, according to their son Doug, ran off and got married without either of their parents' blessing. They survived a war and a number of relocations through their long marriage. Doug said his parents had a 'driving force' to make sure their three sons received the college education they never got.
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself. The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away. If dark matter were being slowed down during this collision, it could be the first evidence for rich physics in the dark sector.
Columbia Journalism School has released a 12,000-word review of Rolling Stone story. Sabrina Rubin Erdely's reporting was roundly discredited after it was called into question. But Rolling Stone is not expected to take any action against her or her editors.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for great kitchen design. The key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation, cooking, clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones. Plenty of storage space is essential and you need to find a good balance between design aesthetics and practicality. The judges were shocked that Josh and Charlotte's kitchen lacked lighting above the benchtop.
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of prison time for having sex with a 16-year-old student. The married mother-of-three admitted to the sordid act at a status conference in court on Thursday. She will undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay away from the victim and his family. However she still faces charges she had a threesome with the student and another teacher.
Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant. He believes it will boost his self-esteem and make him a happier more confident person. Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed. Emma Tallon, 27, paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs, which she feels are too big.
Shop owner believed to be from Mozambique was taken to hospital in Johannesburg. At least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban several weeks ago. President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants from Africa and South Asia, saying: 'No amount of frustration and anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals'
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob. People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' Destiny has been left with a bald spot after people pulled on her hair throughout the fight.
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. More than 1.9 billion adults worldwide are overweight, 600 million of which are obese. Two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV. British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking Government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to St Paul's School in London. Ms Harman, Labour's deputy leader, has repeatedly accused Tories of being 'completely out of touch'But Mr Osborne said that as they both went there, 'the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin'In the 1980s, Mr Osborne attended the same school, where a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year.
SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees. Several of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in England from a maximum of £9,000 a year to £6,000.
Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia, which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations. Reclaim Australia describe themselves as 'patriotic Australians' who protest against Sharia Law, Halal tax and Islam. A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to intimidate anti-racistism protesters. Police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
In 1986, Reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant exploded, sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat, north of Kiev. In recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially, with Kiev-based tour company, SoloEast, estimating that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year. The Exclusion Zone, a nearly 50kilometre (31-mile) radius of contamination, runs around the power plant, although levels have now returned to those which are safe for brief visits.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician, at the time of his death. The pair were carrying out electrical tests at Eurofabs UK Ltd, a sheet metal manufacturer in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, when tragedy struck in September 2013. Nathan was told to climb up a ladder onto the walkway of a crane and test the lights in the building's roof. He accidentally touched a 400-volt busbar, a metal strip which conducts electricity within a switchboard, while he was trying to climb high enough to carry out the tests. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane.
Sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers in Ol Pojeta, Kenya. He is the world's last surviving male northern white rhino - stripped of his horn for his own safety. But even without his horn, keepers in the Kenyan reserve in fear for his safety.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California is the most expensive. The likes of Alessandra Ambrosio and Brooklyn Beckham pay the highest-priced admission. England’s Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost calculated from the five-day £565 ticket and an estimated average of £68 per day for meals.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station. Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was found dead in a flat in Toxteth, Liverpool, in February. A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Photographer John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold, Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence. She set out her demands for her to support Ed Miliband if Labour falls short of majority. But David Cameron warned of the 'frightening' prospect of the SNP holding Labour to ransom. He warned that with the SNP calling the shots, the rest of the United Kingdom – England, Wales, Northern Ireland, 'wouldn't get a look-in'
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. He was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business, a source told the New York Daily News. Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office. A spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, to roam free in their suburban neighborhood. But they say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up their children and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents. Free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach, where children are allowed to experience the world on their own.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand. Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya. He said: 'It got me asking questions and finally all these questions led to an idea - what if there were a shoe that could adjust and expand?'
A. Alfred Taubman, 91, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack, according to his son. He donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums. He was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with Anthony Tennant, former chairman of Christie's International, to fix the commissions the auction giants charged. He also became a major backer of stem-cell research.
Chancey Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan, Oklahoma. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane. Luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness, Luna's mother, Jennifer Luna, who testified that her son would never hurt anyone intentionally.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across Sydney, Hunter and Illawarra regions. The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area. The Bureau of Meteorology has been issued for Sydney Closed Waters, the Hunter Coast, Sydney Coast, Batemans Coast and Eden Coast.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years. Major Leonard Berney, who is now 95, was the commanding officer of liberated Belsen. Bergen-Belsen was located in northern Germany, south-west of the town of Bergen itself.
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens. Average one usually contains a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning. Only the driver was on board at the time of the incident which sent plumes of smoke into the air. Firefighters were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road.
Jessica Cleland, 19, from Wallan, Victoria, took her own life on Easter Saturday last year. Her parents Michael and Jane Cleland are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously. They want the two teenage boys who bullied their daughter to death to be held accountable for their actions under cyber bullying laws.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook. 30-second video was shared by thousands of people around the world. Mimi was picked to star in the TV advert after Phil shared the video with the Pets at Home group.
Lorraine Kelly has dropped two dress sizes by attending Zumba classes. The 55-year-old has been attending classes up to four times a week with her instructor, Maxine Jones. The Scottish presenter dropped from a 14 to a 10, and is now a size 10. She said: 'Maxine's changed my life. I have more energy now and that helps me look and feel younger'
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a'selfie generation' that just sings about platitudes. Blur frontman said he would like to see popstars talking about what is going on around them and using their music to comment on modern society and politics.
US giant Morgan Stanley said a Labour government reliant on Scottish Nationalists would create the 'greatest uncertainty' of any election result. Its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’, the bank argued. Goldman Sachs also raised concerns about the same outcome on May 7.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings. The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013), according to hitched.co.uk. Religious services have fallen from 40 per cent to 35 in the past five years. 18 per cent of us are now choosing to honeymoon in the UK compared to 8 per cent five years ago.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has spoken out in favour of assisted dying. The entertainer said it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die. Sir Bruce's first wife, Penny Calvert, was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008. He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways. He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London. Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
Asda's Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat - two thirds of recommended daily intake for an adult. McDonald’s Bacon and Cheese Whopper contains 43.3g, which is more than Burger King Bacon Whopper.
Sofia Vergara and her ex fiance Nick Loeb are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs which they planned to have children with before their bitter split, a new report claims. Loeb, 39, has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to InTouch. Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon. Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the models to create the multicoloured effect.
Danielle Busby gave birth to Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige on April 7 at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas. It is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969. All five girls are doing well and only need minimal assistance breathing after being born at 7 months.
A young Star Wars fan was approached by his favourite character R2D2 at a convention in Anaheim, California. He was dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film, the Force Awakens. As the youngster makes his way down the corridor the robot follows him, beeping loudly and flashing his lights.
USS Theodore Roosevelt and USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are heading towards Yemen. The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea. There are reports that about eight Iranian ships are heading toward Yemen and possibly carrying arms.
Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots. German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation. The technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, in Springdale, Pennsylvania, on Sunday night. Harvard claims he was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home. The two men started fighting over the fact that Harvard was giving her a ride. Harvard drove through Harmar Township, Springdale Township, Frazier Township, East Deer Township, Tarentum Borough, Fawn Township and into Harrison Township.
Airmail in the US began as early as 1911, with the first official flight departing Petaluma, California, and arriving in Santa Rosa, California. As the flights got longer, with more frequent stop-offs, so beacons and arrows were placed to help pilots on their way. Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith were sent an email which piqued their interest and have been hunting down the arrows.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Buchanon, who also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011, discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich. 'If my mother taught me anything, it's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child,' he wrote.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last. The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers. Camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil. If yours is acid, free-draining and nutritious, they'll thrive, but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground. If your soil doesn't suit, plant in containers in ericaceous compost.
Number of deaths every year in Britain will rise by 20 per cent over next two decades. Baby boom generation is set to leave a wave of funeral debt to its children and grandchildren, report warns.
The duffel bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. and a block from a police station, Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said. Video surveillance led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
The ten houses in Australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed. This includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent. A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut. In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed 247 days ago.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women. Ms Morris claims the two are 'crazy about each other' and she trusts him 'completely'Mr Holpin has been receiving benefits for 13 years and admits his £195 a week handouts on his 20-a-day smoking habit.
The once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service, Bluefish, and does not come cheap, setting you back a whopping £41,000 ($60,000)The tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast.
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Black-coloured bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri on the island's south coast close to the resort city of Limassol. Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet. Experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as'melanism' can generate more melanin than usual.
Peter Weber Jr. flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War, and also served as a Korean War flight instructor. Weber was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a Lieutenant Colonel in the US Air Force in 1970. Weber has been married to his wife since 1943 and is a father to a 70-year-old son, according to reports.
14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire arrested on suspicion of helping to plot attack in Australia. He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death. Alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police, who tipped off Australian authorities. Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack after British authorities passed on their findings to police in Australia, and Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with terror offences.
Boeing 737-800 came to a stop at Khajuraho airport in Madhya Pradesh, India. It was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members and was scheduled to continue to Delhi. Jet Airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear' and said reports of a fire are untrue.
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles. The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease. Tests on lab mice showed improved memory within just 24 hours, while rodents' life-spans were unaffected. New research shows it could also be used to enhance growth of brain cells.
Fashion designer Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal. Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh and then after about a week doctors will decide if she needs anymore treatment.
Families on High Green estate in Sheffield say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs. CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other. Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at.
Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble. When higher concentrations of clear alcohol, such as gin, vodka or white rum, are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid. Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid.
Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified. Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
John Coyne, 56, attacked his 25-year-old victim. Victim had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking. Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent.
Kellogg's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in controversy over tax avoidance in Britain. The cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. Kellogg’s effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013, as payments by some of its offshoots were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after being bullied at school. She began a strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off nothing more than black tea and coffee. After years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. She is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar along the canal bank on Friday when she was distracted and the stroller rolled away from her into the canal. The boys were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead. Authorities revealed on Monday that the two boys ended up in the canal because their mother was fighting off a bee.
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles. He told Newsweek magazine that his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Manuel Garza Jr. was given the death sentence after killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year. The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he was cautiously optimistic about J.J. Abrams, the chosen director for The Force Awakens. 'It's not like a choice. It's like I was drafted,' Hamill told a massive crowd Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker. 'Could you imagine if for some reason I said 'I don't think I want to do it?' I would have all of you surrounding my house like villagers,' joked Hamill.
Three-year-old Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago. He will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20. His sister Phoebe, five, adores her brother and makes sure he is thoroughly looked after. She helps him put on his shoes, fasten up his coat and even helps fetch him his cereals.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast. The Conservation Fund will resell the land to commercial interests under legally binding terms that require future owners to preserve the forest and follow environmentally sound principles for cutting and replanting trees.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison after he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson. Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison. The alleged relationship took place inside the the correctional centre where two inmates share one cell.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009. Doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. Her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help. Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in Rumburk. Dubbed 'Nurse Death' by local media, she was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August. Now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, jailed for 16 years at Snaresbrooke Crown Court, London. He raped a 16-year-old girl at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square, London, in 2003. Two months later, he attacked a woman, 32, at knifepoint in Greenwich, south east London. Both rapes were reported to police at the time but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew. The lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest. Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual comfort features such as an entertainment and air conditioning system.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow. But a local rescue center say the cat was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks. The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Bill de Blasio is 'preparing to run for president as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton, it has been claimed. The Mayor of New York is 'trying to position the mayor as the 'draft' candidate for the left in 2016'Claims come from a 'national party operative', according to the New York Post.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy in Edmonton, north London. The boy pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry, a builder, twice in the chest. He is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang and has been jailed for more than 11 years.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on townhouse. Neighbours in Kensington, west London, objected to her plans to demolish it and rebuild it with a two-storey ‘iceberg’ basement. Residents in the otherwise immaculate cobbled cul-de-sac said the colourful redesign was driving them'mad' and likened her to 'a child throwing a tantrum'She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot, Flying Officer George Reicher Royde, who was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. 'I am acting here, and this d***head wanders onto my set. I can't even get a line out until Dopey the Dick starts whispering in your ear,' the 61-year-old actor screams.
Researchers say the animal's cerebral cortex is 'like a mini-Internet'The first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll. Local networks then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the Internet.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley History Festival. The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey. His contract was terminated due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures. He was appointed to run the school, which counts singer Katie Melua among its alumnae.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes them. In February, he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott, a high school teacher in Leeton, 550 kilometres from Sydney, on Easter Sunday. Stephanie Scott was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to be married to her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Stanford created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters. He wrote scripts for his favourite TV series, the science fiction show Stargate, titled 'Secret endangered' about a fictional land 'under imminent threat when wraith survivors know about atlantis'
Clarkson, 54, who was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming, has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say that 'everyone's upset'But the presenter today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking, saying he would'miss being there'Ms Rippon, 70, who first presented the show 38 years ago, said it would be 'great' if she were invited back to front Top Gear.
Louise Shepherd, 31, from Cobham, Surrey, was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia when a tree toppled onto her. Ms Shepherd had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones, both 30.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month. Now police investigating the case have come across CCTV that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night. It includes one woman who was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in Leeds city centre, ending up miles away from where she was going, just to get to safety. He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin, in his early twenties and slim with a receding hairline.
The Championships opening day at Randwick Racecourse has been moved to Monday. Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am Saturday morning. Officials opted to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event. The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead and will be moved to Wednesday, with the Wednesday program being totally abandoned.
U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama. It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. Ahead of an anticipated run-in, if not a formal meeting, the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years.
Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland in New York City on Wednesday. The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot. The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order - which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days - removed, and the teenager was re-arrested. The man has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts', according to Victorian Police and AFP. He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday. It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during the First World War commemorations.
Tory election chiefs have given candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers, pensioners and women, leaked documents have revealed. A series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the election. Women are told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' while pensioners are praised for their 'wealth of experience'Letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as 'target groups' in the electorate.
Miniature Space is a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm. It shows how to make all kinds of fun-sized food, from cheeseburgers to tagines, fried chicken and even cake.
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College on Thursday. She spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive. Four attackers died at Garissa, but they have not been named and their nationalities not revealed.
Daphne Selfe, 86, stars alongside Flo Dunn, 22, in new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories. Daphne, from Baldock, Hertfordshire, is dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel'Her career originally began in 1949 and she was paid £1,000 a day for her work.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014. She was set to go to trial in Multnomah County Circuit Court this week, but prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because she was 'completely justified in her outrage'Curtin's defense attorney, Casey Kovacic, said the ex-girlfriend was 'jealous and bitter'
The Queen's filly Capel Path came in third in the Maiden Stakes at Newbury Racecourse. Her Majesty was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box as her horse was pipped to the post. Despite failing to register a win, the Queen was on cheerful form and chatted happily to jockey Richard Hughes.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday. Paul, who announced his bid for the Oval Office on Tuesday, admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them. The freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United at Old Trafford. He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans. He then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm. Leonard, 46, admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers at Aberdeen Sheriff Court.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own during a segment on the price of engagement rings.
Tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on leafy street in Islington, north London. It has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden. At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in, a little over the size of a rugby player's shoulders.
Daria Rose, 18, of Hempstead, New York, lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven Ivy League schools. Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother's house after being forced to evacuate their home in Baldwin, which was destroyed. Rose's mother, Katrina Brooks, said that the family's experience turned out to be a blessing because it provided the teen with something substantial to write to the schools' admissions offices. Rose plans to study political science and Russian literature.
The gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress Diana Dors, singer Bob Dylan and actor Marlon Brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. More than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in June. Two WI members spent 11 full days baking 44 12 x 12in cakes 3.5in deep between them. But organisers were astonished to be told the gesture would incur a'sampling charge' of £2,500.
Town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the UK - making it impossible for drivers to pay the exact cost of parking. In Manchester, where 240 machines are still not upgraded, motorists without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking. Manchester drivers have demanded refunds and want to know why the council is yet to upgrade its machines.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina. He hopes to become a neurosurgeon and plans to double major in microbiology and government. Harold Ekeh, 18, of Long Island was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools.
The Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight. This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
Wellington put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks. Wellington’s iconic and bohemian Cuba Street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists. The massive scale festival – the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks, performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette, 75, was a former mob enforcer in Rhode Island with ties to late New England crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca. He 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis, according to a Rhode Island State Police report. He was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling, loansharking, extortion, and murder.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism. Boy was held in Blackburn after police examined electronic devices. Girl was arrested after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester. Both were bailed until May 28 after being questioned by police.
Stephanie Scott's body was found in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday evening. Police were led to the site by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed. Vincent Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions. The Leeton school teacher was due to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. Her body has now been transported to Glebe morgue in Sydney for forensic testing.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire. 'Evil looking' man tried to rob them of the contents of their mobility scooter baskets. Great-grandmothers said they refused to let the 'weasel' bring them down. Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't,' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
If all ice were to be spread across the surface of Mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre)There are thought to be thousands of glacier-like formations on the planet in both the northern and southern hemispheres. They are located on Mars between latitude 30.0 and 50.0 - equivalent to just south of Denmark’s location on Earth. The ice closer to the Martian equator was ‘an important part of Mars’ water reservoir’
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone only to discover it was switched off. Bako put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach. One horrified witness said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child.
According to two popular online measuring tools, only 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter followers are real people who participate on the social media platform. StatusPeople.com, the oldest publicly available Twitter-auditing tool, sampled more than 320,000 of Clinton's followers and found that a much larger number of them were fake. The new measurements will add to the Clinton presidential campaign's embarrassment following news that a large number of her Facebook fans may represent 'likes' that were purchased rather than earned.
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the ring at Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from, but revelations suggest the pair are from the Sunshine Coast in Queensland.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station, Essex, in 2005. Friends had been using the station’s unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to Cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go. In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. In the new chapter, shared by the Huffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
Carol Chandler, 53, of Wellington, Shropshire, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s. She was charged as part of the Metropolitan Police’s Operation Winthorpe.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester. Totton was walking through the city centre when he saw his friend in an altercation with door staff. He went over to act as 'peace-maker', but was told because it was late nobody else was being allowed in. Instead of leaving, Totton knocked on the window of the club asking for the doorman to come out.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, and partner John Joseph Shannon, 31, found dead in Gibraltar. Police believe she was'suffering from post-natal depression' at the time of the killings. She is said to have stabbed her partner and two children, six-week-old baby Eve and her daughter Amanda Kristoffersen Perez, four, before taking her own life. Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts would advise. 'Babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' she said.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a headscarf during her visit to Iran. Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten waded into the debate, following Andrew Bolt's comments that Bishop should have'stood up for Western values'
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a class at University of Texas, Pan American. The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. She escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits for much of the time. Miguel Angel Cruz Navarro was reportedly the ringleader of the kidnapping.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. He was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, received a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort in Gallipoli. The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive. The 30-year-old picked up live, palm-sized, iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine to save the lives of his comrades. His grand niece, Keira Quinn Lockyer, said it was 'one of the most sustained acts of bravery' during World War I.
Valerie Rutty, 60, stole almost £3,500 from fund at Irlam Primary School. Cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non-uniform days and other fundraisers. It would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment. Rutty altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned - then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque.
Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients. She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer. The GMC is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went ‘far enough’ in respect of patient safety.
The 2014 Miraval Rose is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate, where they married in August last year. The wine has sold previously in the UK through specialist wine merchants but M&S is the first to offer it up on the High street.
Just 33 per cent of voters plan on supporting Ed Miliband, according to pollsters ICM. David Cameron needs another 23 seats to take number of Tory MPs in House of Commons to 326.
Madonna, 56, posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it. Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which Madonna captioned with: 'Thank you Margaret Thatcher'The singer, who has a large gay fanbase, offended fans who reminded her Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988. Thatcher, who led the country from 1979 until 1990, established Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988.
The UK over-the-counter medicines market, which includes painkillers and anti-fungal creams, is worth £2.5 billion. Brands vying for attention with brightly coloured packaging and promises that are questionable under scrutiny, claims Dr Chris Van Tulleken.
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, burst into home in Chorley, Lancashire. Attack occurred at 10pm on September 15 last year while John and Emma Evans' seven-year-old daughter was sleeping upstairs. Devaney was wielding a meat cleaver when he struck Cookie over the head with the machete. He shouted at the couple 'give me your money' and 'I will stab you' before making off in car. Cookie suffered serious injuries and had to be sedated and is now recovering at home.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds. 19-year-old was also left in a critical condition in a barber shop in Northfield, Birmingham. Man, 18, has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody. Police believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Man, in his 60s, has died after the ride-on lawnmower he was using overturned into a pond. He was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk, when machine toppled into the water. His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him. But he was pronounced dead at the scene and police say there are no suspicious circumstances.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, Ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid. 'I'm desperate to get rid of it, I have bad dreams about it,' she said on Channel 5 show Tattoo Disasters. Six painful applications left Jessica's skin red raw and scabby - and the tattoo remained.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, died Wednesday afternoon at Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida. It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January. Edgeington had made over 6,000 jumps and competed in a sport called'swooping', where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas. The trove was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998, only became fully organized late last year.
'Bright and beautiful' GCSE pupil started using banned substances. She was given them for free or paid only a few pounds for pills, sometimes without knowing what she was taking. Father has written an open letter to his local authority, South Gloucestershire, begging them to take the issue more seriously.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher have released a viral video. The clip shows the duo approach a busdriver and a 7-Eleven clerk and invite them to collaborate. It's then they happen upon a singer who launches into a moving melody. The singer in the clip was later revealed as Ross Burbury, a singer songwriter from Brisbane.
Stephanie Scott and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley had invited 120 people to their wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region. But on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service which was held 275km and three hours' drive away. The car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong. She contacted other medics, including obstetrician Dr David Hutchon, and together the group amassed evidence. They have finally succeeded in getting the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence to change its guidelines.
Chelsea's famous curls went from unmanageable frizz to tight ringlets, before fading into a fuller, wavier style. The 35-year-old daughter of Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, also talked about her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky.
Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru's Cotahuasi Valley. Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, from Darien, Connecticut, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed affordable housing. Town and Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was hit by a car. Ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe. Police say no-one has been arrested or charged in connection with the collision.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. All five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other. Florida Wildlife officials warn that people should not interfere with the animal's natural behavior unless they are a wildlife professional.
University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after holding up a cash and carry. The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and was followed by police. Footage shows the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge. Police eventually caught up with the men, who have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court. John Gourlay, 41, of no fixed address, was jailed for 13 years and three months. Anton Richards, 29, of Birmingham, was caged for 11 years and Charlie Johnson, 19, was sentenced to six years.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend's finances. She helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales. Bailey later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer and had no children. She was handed a suspended jail sentence after admitting a charge of theft.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man, 25, in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township, Pennsylvania. The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, Kristopher Pittman, had been killed by gunshots to the chest. The motel is located near the city of York in central Pennsylvania, where the Grahams were from.
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014, says a report out last week from the Citizens for Tax Justice. Household names like CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the U.S. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits. Some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
Polls suggest the election will be too close to call with the Tories ahead in two, while Labour edging in front. Nate Silver, who correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008, believes that neither Labour or the Tories will be able to get enough support together.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman. Norman, 24, had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill, the Old Bailey was told. Mrs Else, 52, said: 'Every time I walk in the front door I think am I going to get a knife in my back?'
Tom O'Carroll was a leading member of PIE, which campaigned for child sex to be legalised. He was jailed in 1981 for 'corrupting public morals' and was on gay rights sub-committee. Now he has joined the supporters of the media pressure group Hacked Off. Organisation wants MPs to set up a statutory body to regulate the press, as recommended by Leveson.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, had to be rescued from the River Cam, Cambridge. She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced. Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator helped pull her out. She was bundled into their punt by her friends and could be seen holding her head in her hands.
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark attended a remembrance ceremony in Aabenraa on Thursday. The Crown Princess stepped out solo for her royal duties, following a week of celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of Queen Margarethe II.
Annika McKenzie, 34, and her niece, 14, have been charged with second-degree assault on school grounds, a felony. Catherine Engelhardt, a math teacher at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York, has been released and is recovering at home 'in a lot of pain', according to Newsday. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior. Photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship.
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday. The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care. The New edition frontman took time out with one of the medical staff, who spent some time talking to him outside of the hospital. Bobby, shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that 'Bobbi is awake,' during a Dallas concert on Saturday.
Savage swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river. Mr Asbo, the swan believed to be his grandfather, was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities. Asbaby was seen attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach, known as the 'celebrity whisperer'Her client list includes Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds. Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division. Dathan Ritzenhein was seventh overall in the men's race and the first American in at 2:11:20.
Google has been revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. Many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website. The most popular question about Hillary Clinton was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?' Clinton is 67 years old and a member of the Democratic Party.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, the day after her first birthday. The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people. Her 23-year-old single mother, Aren saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the Hudson River with Angelika Graswald. He was thrown in on Sunday evening and was unable to get back into the kayak. His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat. She was treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found. On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' has a sad tale, standing incomplete and abandoned, looking out of place in the vast, barren landscape. Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes, linking the north and south of the Arabian peninsula. It is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as Margo Leadbetter's home in 1970s TV series. Great-grandmother-of-five has lived at the home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986. She said: 'I think Cameron is the best man to give The Good Life. That's my personal opinion. I think Cameron has done a reasonable job. Nobody's without criticism'Cameron promised he would help deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of a job, a home and tax cuts.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff. Jarvis, a Spelman College grad, first joined the Obamas' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama's office. Her relationship with the family, insiders say, was deeply familial.
Pennyhill Park in Bagshot, Surrey, has attracted many famous names. Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michael Douglas, Lewis Hamilton and Russell Crowe have all enjoyed some time at the venue. It has a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools.
Rik Mayall died suddenly aged 56 last June. But probate records reveal he had no will. Mayall suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in March. His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook. She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body. The post has been shared more than 337,000 times.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday. The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight. In a desperate bid for help, he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies. Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes. Parents can currently use a loophole to access family tax benefits. The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of baby Riley Hughes.
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a short battle with skin cancer. The cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer last year. The 84-year-old said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen as a young player. 'When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap,' Benaud told the Nine Network.
Luke Shambrook has been reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, on Tuesday. He was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found. Doctors say they are stunned with how healthy he appeared, considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday. Luke's autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened.
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson, allowing him to participate in league activities starting on Friday. This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million this season.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. The 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ‘dog feces’By the time police rescued him, the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to wash their own car. Three-quarters of women have never washed their own vehicle, according to study. Rise of hand car washes and 4x4 and off-road vehicles too large to clean blamed for decline.
The donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham, Maine, said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse him for unpaid time away from work. The surgery had been scheduled for May.
Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health, says Des Tobin, a professor of cell biology at the University of Bradford. Hair follicles are rich in stem cells - cells that never lose capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal. A bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks, cuts and bruising than a hairy one because of the lack of healthy follicles.
Groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young Hitler to prevent WWII. Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to Hitler question. They found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line. Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Roxy Walsh, 34, found the ring at Finns Beach Club in South Kuta, Bali on Tuesday. She decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner, Joe and Jenny Langley. Ms Walsh met with the couple in Noosa, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching.
Alexis Tsipras will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today. Comes amid reports that the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas. Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the International Monetary Fund.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history. She was 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots and immediately applied. She and her family have received death threats from the Taliban and even members of her own extended family. Last week she and nine other women were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award.
Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, Devon, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959. It is believed he has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime. He pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and cuff links worth £50 from H Samuel in his most recent offence.
The 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze. Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler. Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it. Doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end known as an endoscope into the woman's lung, which showed the earring was covered in mucus.
Life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll. Predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 - the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded. By 2013, average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks less.
Body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald took the pictures in a forest near Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday. He spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, has a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. Mahendra can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet. His parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors but none could diagnose his condition.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde. They also took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours. Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning. He told RTL radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe, yesterday afternoon in France 'while drunk'She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for UK.
Margaret Bates, 60, from Mottram, Tameside, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith. Mrs Bates said: 'I wish I’d killed him the first time I saw him. That way Kelly would still be alive'
Japanese women are tying blue ribbons under their breasts and over their arms. The trend is inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon. The idea was inspired by a popular 'anime' character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked glamorous at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City on Thursday during the Tribeca Film Festival. The royal, who has been living in the US for a year now, looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment and matching clutch bag and shoes.
Researchers at Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. The results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the set.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a popular figure in the U.S. safari enthusiast community. He would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa. The Dallas Safari Club is paying for his funeral.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year. But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested. They were each jailed for five years and four months after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached almost 20st. She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks. Leanne joined Weight Watchers and took up walking in a bid to shed the weight.
June Whitfield is best known for her role as Edna in Absolutely Fabulous. The 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week as Sister Ruth. Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon (Jessie Wallace)Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace during her stint.
Roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production. Noel Marshall’s action-adventure film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous. John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is saying of his father's decision; 'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family'
Ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15. In 1928, the Easter Act was passed in Parliament to ensure it was a fixed date in April. Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches. It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church do not object to the plans.
House of Cards stars Kevin Spacey as Francis Underwood and Robin Wright as Claire Underwood. The hit US political TV series is set on Capitol Hill, home to the Senate and House of Representatives. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots in Washington.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family's South African home in January. The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and older brother Rudi, 22. Her other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq, but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS. He told a reporter questioning him about military support following his Oval Office discussion with Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi. Abadi is on his first trip to Washington since becoming prime minister last September.
Housing association tenants are paying around £150 a week to live in Mayfair and Covent Garden. Many of the homes are owned by housing associations and are now worth millions of pounds. People living in these plush properties could now get chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000. Housing Associations own expensive properties, such as a house used in the Paddington film.
Brinks Armored Truck door flew open on Interstate 20 in Albilebe, Texas. Drivers got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash. Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted.
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after having twins. The 20-year-old had posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram to boost her confidence. Told followers: 'Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful'But two minutes later, her account was immediately shut down due to 'nudity and violence'Hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace in June last year.
Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub on May 12, 2013. A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on April 3 by an 'external promoter'The club agreed that the photo used was '100 per cent inappropriate'
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man. Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work. Doherty is the niece of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding and Celebrity Big Brother star Paddy Doherty.
Jake Shaw, 21, died after falling from the upper floor of the Scout centre in the early hours of August 1. He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later. Today Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith, concluded that Jake's death was an accident.
Audrie Pott, 15, was sexually assaulted at a party in her hometown of Saratoga, California. She hanged herself days later after images of the attack were shared around her high school. Two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act'They also apologized for sharing false rumors that'served to shame and humiliate her'Audrie's parents filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them accountable for their actions.
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder. Claimed they would help build more homes and cut cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages. He said the 'greatest sunshine that there can possibly be' included helping more people but their own home, as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement.
Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station in 2010. He survived thanks to an elderly man called Uncle Abdo who fed him scraps of food every day. The feline was finally freed thanks to a social media campaign after a picture of his tail was posted on Facebook.
Sheriff Mbye, 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds outside KFC. Another 18-year-old has been arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday. They found a 19-yearold man with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers. Police then received reports that victim Mr Mbye had been dropped off at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham in a white Audi, which sped off.
Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome. Their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match. Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery.
Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1. The astronauts can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system for the future docking spacecraft. Clip was recorded to give future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold. On January 12 last year, she sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber. In the message, she wrote: 'Now remember... [her employer] Rob is a complete d***'Realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
Two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters. To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
Dante de Blasio, the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including Yale and Brown. The mayor's son, who is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School will make his decision by the end of the month. Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn, de Blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
Palestinian boy, dressed in full combat gear, tried to pelt Israeli police with stones. He raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at six heavily armed officers. Violence erupted during a rally to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day in the West Bank. Israel has arrested some 800,000 Palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia. The 26-year-old has amassed so many during her 17-year hobby, she now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon items. Her mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter's collection.
Justin Jackson, a Florida man, is accused of posing as Oprah Winfrey, Oprah's nephew Reggie Love and Madonna's manager in a bid to score freebies and jobs. Jackson is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Love - the college basketball star who went on to be the President's personal assistant.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with non-league player Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery. Ex-Bolton Wanderers forward allegedly told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment.
Retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school VHS workouts made famous by Jane Fonda, and involves choreography to match the Eighties soundtrack.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis. In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin.
Ukip has reduced number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in polls. Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside target list.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at club in east London. Footage shows him attempting to touch the girl's arms and thighs, which is against venue's policy. Nawaz, 37, calls himself an advocate of women’s rights and head of anti-extremism charity.
Kseniya Soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father. The couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013. He told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off,' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween'Judge Dan Hall sentenced Pate to life in prison with no chance for parole, calling the murder a'senseless and remorseless' act.
On four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. Video footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water all around turns bloody. The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, killed Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, last August. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving. Brent and Brendon were killed in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death. Vuozzi was two years old when his sister, Cathy, was killed in a car crash in 1970. He was sentenced to life in prison on Monday and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years. As he was escorted from the courtroom, he screamed: 'You've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death'
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties. Could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years, according to consortium exploring the area. Could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia and boost British industry.
Alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound. The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner. It uses a white LED to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up. Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat. It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that's used to differentiate between sleepers.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday. Wray was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at off-campus frat parties. A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'Wray faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted and is supposed to appear in court on May 4.
You don't need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life. But if it’s real wild life you’re after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding.
Siblings will no longer be given priority for school places amid soaring competition. Wandsworth council in London has announced that it is set to remove the rule. The rule gives an automatic place to a pupil's brothers and sisters even if the family has moved out of the catchment area. This comes after it was revealed that 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school, with 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices.
Girl, nine, was taken to Germany by a Kurdish charity earlier this week, where she is receiving medical care. This comes after the release of 216 Yazidi prisoners who had been held captive since last summer when ISIS militants attacked their villages in the area around Sinjar in northwestern Iraq. The freed prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto minibuses.
Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year, to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. The challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record. The sports therapist also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
Mysterious benefactor donated £1.5million to Bath Abbey in a plain brown envelope. The cash will be put towards the Abbey's restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million. The church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding to repair the floor, and expand the building, but only if the church can raise the remaining £7.1million by the end of the year.
Jessica Bialek, 37, was last seen leaving her home in Coogee, south-eastern Sydney, about 8.30am on Wednesday. Her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday. The search for her started after her husband posted a Facebook plea on Wednesday evening. Police are working through phone records, social media, CCTV, and financial records to try and locate the woman.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, gained 12 stone after getting married in 1993. The mother-of-three would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas. She feared her life was falling apart and used food as a way of escaping her woes.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis. A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013. She said that she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression. Hollie's experience led the Sydney celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on Facebook on Saturday. In another recent Facebook post, the Australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg who also suffers from MS.
Map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB. It shows the number of sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years. The map shows that the number increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s. This could be down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies – or a genuine rise in alien activity.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook on Sunday. Reaves calmly dug around his mouth until he grabbed the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer. The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its under side. Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog, given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last week to protest corruption in Congress. He is currently under house arrest in Ruskin, Florida and is awaiting a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone, a charge that could send him to prison for four years. His daughter, Kathy Hughes, 12, said she is 'downright proud' of her father and called him a 'patriot'
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday. Her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon. Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward.
Yazidi children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern Iraq, raped by ISIS fighters and forced into marriage. One child interviewed said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men. Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS, which they say shows a system of organised rape and sexual assault, sexual slavery and forced marriage.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix on Monday. Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as 'astonishing'It is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names by the UN's World Meteorological Organization. As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. Isis is also used to describe the Islamic State militant group, whose forces have captured large swathes of Iraq and Syria.
Jamie, 13, Reuben, 13 and Finley, 10, were chosen from 5,700 other hopefuls. They were selected after a series of 'difficult' tests to show they are young spies in the making. Cameras were allowed to film inside MI5 for the first time in the service's history. It comes at a time when intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s ingenious new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler. The process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through, making sure to get the line to meet on the other side.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice. They found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears, over a third of those held in captivity in Vietnam, have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone – with up to four bears inexplicably killed in one day on some farms. Farmers claim the extinction-threatened bears are dying from disease and old age – but sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
California's 2014 Water Year was the third driest in 119 years and the warmest on record, so perpetual wildfire season also appears to be the new normal. Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005. It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent, and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent. She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy in 2006 to reduce her risk. But despite the drastic surgery, the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer. Since 2007, Mrs Hannigan has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in one year. She is now undergoing chemotherapy as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
Nadine Crooks, 33, from Smethwick, West Midlands, was told she was infertile. She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome. Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries.
Students at McGuffey High School in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied.
Jess Knight was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia two weeks ago. The 20-year-old was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her treatment. Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia. Ms Knight said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the memorable visit.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens. It took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body. JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
Zachary Davis, now 17, bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept. He then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh. On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012.
A museum in Hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago. The ship was owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii. Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the wreck.
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn Ed Miliband's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going. He was branded the 'Man with No Shame' after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal.
Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday. It is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach, and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park. Resort boasts a stunning swimming pool surrounded by decking - and close to a restaurant.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. He said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men. Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his teddy bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe. He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved bear brought him luck. The pilot gave his bear a RAF tie and printed the Royal crest, the letters AM for Air Ministry and his nickname 'Bea' on his chest. The teddy is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams auctioneers.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters on the eve of the couple's 10th wedding anniversary. The couple, who have two teenage daughters, first met when he was in her second grade class in Seattle and she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996. By the summer, their relationship turned sexual and she fell pregnant with the boy's child. She was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with him. But weeks after her release, she was found having sex with him in her car and became pregnant with their second daughter.
‘Visualize You’ processes an image of you to reveal what you'd look like if you were thinner - and perhaps inspire you to achieve your weight loss goal. Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight.
Higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate stress on immune cells. Oxidative stress is a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing. If the immune cells lack repair enzyme Gpx4, the T cells die off as they divide, which means the immune system becomes weak and the infection can be chronic.
Hillary Clinton's now-famous Mystery Mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday. Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. Clinton ordered a chicken bowl with guacamole, a chicken salad and a fruit juice.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between May 1 and June 13 last year.
Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. But within the US, opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. People in California, for instance, are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. She suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking. Half a year after it vanished, she saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning. Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system. In 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church; 'My name is Davion and I've been in foster care since I was born. I know God hasn't given up on me, so I'm not giving up either.' He then said; 'I'll take anyone. Old or young, dad or mom, black, white, purple. And I would be really appreciative. The best I could be.' Most of all, Davion said he just wanted a family that would 'love him forever'
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12. The two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface, such as Ceres. Nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on Earth - and some may even contain life, according to Nasa. It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province. The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important Iraqi city of Tikrit, earlier this month.
All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting. Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted. Police helicopter scoured the area around Manchester Airport shortly after 11:30am. Flights resumed after police search failed to turn up any evidence.
James Moody, 24, died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage. Company bosses sent a letter to his brother, Christopher Moody, asking for his body to be returned. In it, they ask for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to have his remains sent to Scarborough. They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue for burial.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering. He brought men to America with promises of easy work and high wages. But he took their travel documents, threatened their families, and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work.
Officials determined that Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles. Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated. Her third-place finish last year also was wiped out after officials couldn't find evidence that she crossed any of that event's checkpoints. Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) and since no photographs of her were taken there is no proof she is the rightful winner.
Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year, according to a new report. Activists in the Missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries', according to internal briefings. Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect. She arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston, Texas.
Anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the Earth's atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change. Scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade. Desflurane, sevoflurane and halothane have reached 0.097, 0.13 and 0.0092 parts per trillion in the atmosphere respectively.
The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997. By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion. The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings. Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity', or extent to which it affects the reader and their view of the word or text.
Four South African men accused of killing Mozambican national Emmanuel Sithole in Alexandra township in an apparent xenophobic attack, are arraigned at the Wynberg Magistrate Court in Johannesburg today. The brutal attack on Mr Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
California supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market. The state is in its fourth year of severe drought and is in need of water supplies. Local residents have attacked the bottled water industry and almond growers. Campaign singles out Nestle as the main villain, after an investigation by a local newspaper found that the company has been sourcing water from some of the driest areas.
Train conductor Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements in verse since Christmas last year. He customises the couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through. He has worked on trains since 2006 after a career working with glass and five years as a handyman.
Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. The group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight. The project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD officers. He was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antić for obstructing governmental administration. The pair were arrested on the same night that Indiana Pacers player Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea, New York. The NYPD have now launched an internal investigation into the arrest after it was claimed the officers used excessive force.
Fears for two new strains of influenza, which caused a spike in deaths in Europe and the United States, will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on Australian shores. Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket. High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons: a TV set for popular TV shows such as Yo Gabba Gabba, a radio for pop songs and a light bulb for popular videos.
Nina Pham contracted Ebola while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan, the first U.S. patient to die from the deadly disease. Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham. Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages.
David Cameron's eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy. He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the down from the 11-year-old. Dunphy, played by Ty Burrell, is one of the stand-out characters in the American show.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. She claims she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly. Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the reported departure of the majority of the police force, the city's attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says. There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the 2010 US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
Writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series. Three years on, the project is back on track - this time with Sony.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, Queen of Heart themed bunk beds, or alternatively try the snug Looking Glass Cottage. Jacqueline Martin, 37, said the property is extremely popular with parties and hen dos, and weekends have to be booked far in advance.
Young Thai boy stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. He moves his rod from side to side while reeling and a fish breaks the surface of the water. The youngster plucks the fish from the water, lays it on the floor and puts his finger in its mouth.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius. One Reddit user's mother used her son's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house. Many mothers and fathers use their child's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison. She has now been suspended without pay, pending an investigation, the school superintendent said. Abu-Jama is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home. Price was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died. But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family. Gilmore's children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents. Price and Gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother's house.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year, with more arriving than any other nationality. An Indonesia expert says Australian tourists are more worried about a proposed booze ban there than the execution of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax. He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years. Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax – paid by all large firms on their profits.
The mass doggy wedding was billed the first of its kind to be held in China. It was organised by Smack Talk, a social media app for pets to have their own online pages. Organisers said the event was designed to raise awareness of animal rights.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality. Perfumers claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger, more athletic or even slimmer than she actually is.
Morrissey has written a letter to Australian retailer The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool. The singer will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May. PETA Australia has successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers to stop selling the controversial fur. Morrissey, 55, pledged to set up petition booths for attendees at his Sydney concerts to sign if the company do not comply.
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old. Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet. Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking. He had only held out hopes of hearing from one of them but has also heard from 10 other prestigious institutions.
Grand Rapids, Michigan Police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight. As of Thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman. The 19-year-old was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting.
Barbie's style-focused Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, now has more than 730,000 followers. It was started by Barbie's vice president of design, Kim Culmone, who realized that the doll could be presented in a more editorial way, taking inspiration from fashion magazines. The page tells the story of Barbie's role in pop culture as a 'contemporary girl with an aspirational lifestyle'
Chloe Jackson, 19, from Norfolk, appeared on This Morning to talk about loneliness. She said social media sites like Facebook made her feel like she was left out of the fun her friends were having. A third of under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends and they didn't know how to form new friendships.
Sen. Jason Smalley rewrote the bill to allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination. Uber and Lyft already prohibit discrimination against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Fast food giant installed metal studs outside branch. Critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough. McDonald's says they were installed to stop anti-social behaviour.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader. Claimed he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with the SNP. Nick Boles, a close ally of David Cameron, went further, claiming Putin would be pleased to see Miliband enter Downing Street propped up by Nicola Sturgeon. Miliband reacted with fury to the attacks, accusing the Tories of 'desperate smears'
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards out of her cot and get trapped between the horizontal handrail. 19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck and was only saved because her mother was watching her on the baby monitor. The furniture boss who supplied the beds, Phillip Dickens, was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
Jon Frost is a Customs specialist at London airports. He has had to listen to people lying through their teeth at you as they attempt to smuggle in snakes, bush meat and combs.
Aakon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday. Her five-year-old daughter Aluel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday, and greeted her distraught mother, Akon Goode, with a 'big hug', her father said. Aueel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles. The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says his daughter is expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers - and they need not cost thousands. 'Spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on your home,' she told Daily Mail Australia.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
Argentina accuses three British oil firms of working without permission. Foreign Office summoned Argentina's ambassador to the UK for a dressing down. Argentina claims it is taking legal action against three British and two US companies.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur. Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years. Burston hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from Sanctuary club in Glasgow on Sunday morning. She told friends she was going to the loo but failed to return and did not take her jacket with her. She was last seen talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat. Handbag thought to belong to her was found in Dawsholm Park, near Dorchester Avenue, this afternoon. Her parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help in the search for their daughter.
Man found on streets of Gniezno, western Poland, in February claiming he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. He is 6ft3in tall, about 35-years-old, and has ginger hair, according to police. He communicates only in English, but knows a few Polish phrases, and some other languages.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother. He said: 'There is no baby - it's not mine and I'm single now'
Crime victims in some areas are waiting up to 50 per cent longer for help. Response times in Bedfordshire and Devon and Cornwall have increased by up to a third. In Essex and Kent, crime victims are waiting a third longer for a response. Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said victims were being put at risk.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center, likely from spinal injuries. He was arrested by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret' according to his lawyer. The race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer. He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years. His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower. But the mother-of-one, 50, insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family.
Channel Ten show The Project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong African-American comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show, Saturday Night Live star Michael Che. Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users. Che and Pharoah are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne's International Comedy Festival.
The OrcaSub by Spymaster takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration. The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet, providing your guests with a luxury adventure.
Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA. It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia. The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
This year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation. Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a 'gift' category.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station. Mr Quinn, 46, of Hereford, realised he had left the bag in the car just seconds after he dropped him at the station. He was carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque following his mother's death.
Kate, 33, is a huge fan of Hobbs, Seraphine and L.K Bennett. The Duchess of Cambridge is also a big fan of Séraphine and JoJo Maman Bébé.
Customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes. They were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation, but easyJet told passengers to pay £10 fee. Association of European Airlines said no other airline has attempted to charge for this.
Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer created the Beautification robot. The machine is composed of three components: a lipstick wheel, an eyeliner applicator, and a mask. Users can control how much lipstick and eyeliner are applied to their face. Machine made its debut at Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015 in France.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers in 2007. Paige vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home in Blackpool, Lancashire. Despite appeals from police and a £12,000 reward offer from TV host Jeremy Kyle, no trace of her has ever been found. Ewing allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
Ron and June Phillips, 69 and 70, were attacked on Thomson Celebration cruise ship. Graeme Finlay, 53, says he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and so moved to another. He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation. But the couple say they were ambushed outside their room by a passenger. Finlay denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'Royal College of Nursing chief executive Dr Peter Carter described the findings as'shocking'
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days. The father-of-three, known affectionately by his friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables.
Harriet Harman has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. Asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol, she told LBC Radio: ‘We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or the higher rate of tax, we will put up the top rate of. tax'Chancellor George Osborne said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the ‘fuel duty escalator’
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health. Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. The Scott County outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered painkiller Opana.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line. The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole. Bill and Denise Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe on Tuesday, a day after the two-year anniversary of their son Martin's death. They asked that Tsarnaev be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives.
Gemma Collins has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans. The 34-year-old star showcased the collection at the chain's flagship store in Manchester. New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as floral fringed kimonos.
Noelle Baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer door. Body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier. Pathologist could not determine exact cause of death because dogs had eaten organs.
Lake Titicaca is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one. It stretches 110 miles by 38 miles across Peru and Bolivia, some glistening with snow. The city of 100,000 souls is situated on a vast plateau in the Andes, at an altitude of 13,000 ft.
The eight-inch leather dildo was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk, Poland. It dates back to the second half of the 18th century and is 'quite thick and rather large, filled with bristles, and has a wooden tip that has preserved in excellent condition'The artifact has now been taken away for preservation work.
Parking charges topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer Direct Line. Also high up on the list of most-hated charges are ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday. She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast. The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on Bay Road.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online. He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit. Today he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country to keep an eye on the shipment. The ships' presence raised fears within the Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis. Pentagon spokesman refused to say whether the US flotilla would intercept the fleet if it neared a Yemeni port.
Attacker detonated explosive-laden motorcycle outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. Attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians and detonated bomb on motorbike. 35 people were killed and 125 others were injured in the attack on Saturday morning. Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said. One witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier.
Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth. Health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the next big thing - and say it can help enhance your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms. The oil can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair to help boost your beauty and health.
Knightsbridge flat, London, has just three years left on the lease for just £575,000. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million. It is described as 'bright and well proportioned' property with 1,990 sq/ft of space. It boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, reception room and utility room along with lift, parking and communal garden.
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan Dunn, 24, unveiled as faces of Burberry's new eyewear range. The Gabardine collection is inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry and original material of the iconic trench coat.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each – nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest on a street in Wembley on Tuesday morning. He may have been assassinated by the governing regime in his home country, according to friends. His son Murhaf issued a statement on behalf of the family, calling for witnesses to come forward.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week. The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski. Style blogger Hass Murad and PR maven Roxy Jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me's this week. Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Waitrose announced the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year. It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums. Strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal.
Janek Zylinski, the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of the Ukip leader. He said: 'I'd like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning, with our swords, and resolve this matter'Ukip leader was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex.
Labour leader said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing', while serious criminals 'are being let off the hook'But the launch of Labour's criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed by the news that Lord Stephens is to be investigated over hotly disputed allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled Stephen Lawrence murder probe.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats. The property will open its doors to prospective buyers on 22 April before the hammer falls on May 16.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. Claims a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered Glynis Bensley, 47, as she walked home in Smethwick, West Midlands. Co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years for manslaughter and robbery.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee, in Sydney's south-eastern suburbs, on Wednesday morning, around 8.30am. Her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home with a post on his Facebook page. The 37-year-old returned to her home on Thursday evening after police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her. The mother-of-one had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank.
Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire that left his victim, Oisin Tymon, 36, in need of hospital treatment. He said receiving a cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life. Clarkson said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce and the death of his mother Shirley.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2.15am on April 1. Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. Police are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious.
18-month-old Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday. He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged face first along a pavement by her wheel. Young Harry had to be treated at Addenbrooke's hospital for cuts and bruises to his face, head and legs.
Jim Jepps used blog The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' and describe paedophiles as 'complex human beings'Green party leader Natalie Bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts. Mr Jepps quit the Green party in 2012, the same year Ms Bennett replaced Caroline Lucas as leader.
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in the tiny town of Halfway in August of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun. The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness'Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' Oregon Live reports that McLean is still traumatized by the event.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday. Her fiance, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, is accused of her brutal murder, which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. Her father Robert says it is especially painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to. He says he has contemplated the afterlife since Ms Scott's shocking death, but is confident his daughter is in 'the best possible place' after living a life full of love and happiness.
Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car. Tesla's fortunes changed suddenly in May 2013 when the company reported its first profit.
Professor Eric Cline claims a series of droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and internal rebellions led to the collapse of Ancient Egypt and other Bronze Age civilisations. He claims they were hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the Ancient Egyptians, the Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians unable to cope. The collapse of one also affected the others, creating a domino-like effect, he claims.
The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line. The brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes. They also found the sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhoods. The series aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests - whatever they may be.
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday. Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season. The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse have all transitioned gender. Church doctrine states that transgender people cannot be baptized if they are already a member of the religion. But they have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders. The three have managed to stay devout members of the church while navigating the difficulties of their gender identity.
Gregory the crocodile was captured by Mick Tabone in 1989 after he was found stealing a local farmer's cattle. The 5.2 metre croc and his farmer would spend time together every day, and Mr Tabone said he was never frightened or felt he was in danger. Gregory was named after Greg Cullen, the farmer whose cattle he was stealing.
It is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday. Normally on display at Graceland, the singer’s former home-turned-museum.
Max Maisel, 21, went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned. His body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday. The family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation home in the area. They described Max, a third-year photography student at Rochester Institute of Technology, as'very comfortable' there.
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police while walking through the Washington, DC-adjacent suburb of Silver Spring on Sunday. Rafi admitted he was scared during the hours-long ordeal Sunday, but not because he'd been left alone with his sister.
Mohank Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley. Hotel is a faux-gothic Victorian castle and may look too faux to European eyes, but the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday. But just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans. Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
Agnese Klavina, 30, disappeared after a night out at glitzy Puerto Banus nightclub Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year. Westley Capper, 37, and Craig Porter, 33, have already admitted driving her away from the club. Police believe 5ft 7in Agnese was forced into a Mercedes by Porter and Capper. Capper claims he dropped her off near a flat she was staying at in Marbella.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe. The idea for the app came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'Joe charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and Charlotte decided to launch the app.
Justin Welby will say 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths'His comments follow Pope Francis’s denunciation of the ‘senseless’ killings at Garissa University College.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home. The mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce, also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man during the party, used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters. But her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes'
Video shows ISIS suicide bomber trying to launch attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces. But as car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb, catapulting it at least 100ft into air. As it begins to fall back down to earth, the car detonates like a firework, either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15. Accused of attacks at careers centre in Croydon, south London, between October 2010 and September 2011. One woman told Southwark Crown Court she saw Mee as a father figure after he helped her join the Army. Mee allegedly told her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today. But he was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage. Previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
President Robert Mugabe arrived into Pretoria, South Africa today for a state visit. He appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived. But it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot of a woman standing directly behind him. The comical image emerged amid claims the president of Zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value. The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item. It is now being held at Khan Yunis public library until this issue is resolved.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree. Burns, 64, was one of five people who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida, and played on its first two albums. He left the group in 1974 because he was 'overwhelmed by life on the road'
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the North and South. It is a hot spot for South Korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. Photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties.
Gerry Pickens, 28, is suing Orting, Washington, for firing him after just under a year on the town's police force. Pickens was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in Atlanta, Georgia - but took a pay cut and moved to quiet Orts, which has just 11 police officers. He says he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops - and was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin. He claims he was treated unfairly over a complaint that he used a local gym without paying.
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, suffered a heart attack on flight from Chicago to Orange County, California. He was 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on the plane as it prepared to land, according to sheriff's report. But instead of seeking medical help, the attendants allegedly left him in the bathroom. On landing, they let off all other passengers before calling paramedics. His wife Kelly, a Southwest flight attendant, has filed a wrongful death suit against the airline.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress. He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month. He is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on Monday to register with a probation officer.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime. It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain. Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the rule, but it later emerged Labour is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole of the Masters on Sunday. The 39-year-old then revealed his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place. Woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself. The four-time Masters champion managed to shake off the scare and finish his round.
The trailer for 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, which includes two aboriginal women painted in ochre, was deemed offensive by Facebook. The clip was removed after three days on Sunday. The show's co-creator Rachel Clements called Facebook's decision to remove the trailer'silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us'The show will first air on 9:30pm on April 29, 2015.
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002. He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years. He previously ran the National Gallery and was a broadcaster.
Temperatures set to reach 25C (77F) in South East and 22.4C (72.3F) at Manston, Kent. Temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week.
New York photographer Justin Bettman built an elaborate indoor set on a Brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day. The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the very spot where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date.
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in July 2012. He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel. Doctors told him the cancer was terminal and he was told he had 18 months to five years to live. He decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for £50 a gram. Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
In 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer Bush was taken from her family after her mother Kathy was accused of making her ill on purpose. Kathy Bush was found guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced to five years in prison. The two were not allowed to see each other again until Jennifer left foster care, at which point she was an adult and the two now live close to each other in Georgia.
The driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother. He returned to the scene of the accident and found his mother covered in blood and dying. He called police but his mother died on the way to hospital, it was reported.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. Blair also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children. Dorsey, did not respond to her yelling and sat with his hands clasped and stared silently ahead. Blair's two surviving children have been placed into a relative's care.
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal. Harry is in Australia to report for official military duty during a four-week attachment to the Australian army, during which he is expected to train on helicopter simulators.
Nicola Sturgeon warns David Cameron she will trigger a second Scottish independence referendum if he tries to take Britain to the EU exit door. First Minister revealed she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK. Also revealed she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. People in these three countries have an excuse - they spend less time in bed, with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta on Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. Woods carded a three-under-par 69, carding his best score at Augusta National in four years. The 14-time major winner is 12 strokes behind leader, 21-year-old Jordan Spieth, with 36 holes to play.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, charged with murder of Walter Scott, 50, last Saturday. The father-of-four was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes, it has been revealed. He was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car, according to a police report. The man, who is not a relative, could be able to shed light on what happened between the pair. Police are now reviewing the case in light of the shooting of Mr Scott.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed by David's sister Anne Duffy. Ann Duffy, pretended to be David's now sister-in-law and cancelled the couple's wedding. The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies. Sandra says: 'I was in tears and angry. I wanted to go nuts at her'
Police say Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio last fall. On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days. She received a call from another of Taylor's friends who said he had found him tied to the tree with zip ties in a wooded area near Stoner Creek and Pickford Ave.
SNP leader's dress has been described as blue, grey and green on Twitter. Viewers said it was teal, green or grey, while others claimed it was green. One viewer said the focus on the dress missed the point of the debate.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964. Mr Gee made the six hour journey from his home outside Brisbane to Wandoan in regional Queensland, only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes. 'It was all a bit bloody stupid, but I had to do it. I confirmed it all the day before to make sure it was all ready to go,' he said.
Shanay Walker was subjected to'repeated acts of cruelty' at hands of her'strict' aunt, court hears. Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial at Nottingham Crown Court charged with her niece's murder. Shanay Walker, seven, was found cold and stiff in her bed by paramedics last July. The youngster had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year. Increase put down to introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. He admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at Nashville International Airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison. He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, however will not be registered as a sex offender.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. Ten Pieces produced a collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, are believed to have fled to war-torn Syria after travelling to Turkey on March 31. The 17-year-olds are billed by their families as two ‘ordinary Yorkshire lads’ - billed as 'ordinary lads'Farouk Younis, imam of the mosque used by relatives of the boys, said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who ‘might be looking at them and thinking this is the way’He said: ‘We need to talk to their friends and show them the barbaric things that are going on there [in Syria] which are totally against Islam’
The 34-year-old mother-of-one spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body. The reality TV star, who often matches North's outfits to her own, admitted that she likes it when kid's wear'mini-me styles' and she loves'seeing kids in black'
Christian Longo was sentenced to death for murdering his family in Oregon in 2001. He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter. He was captured by the FBI, arrested and charged with murder. Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released. Longo believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes.
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service. Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him. It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex, as part of her rehabilitation. She was trying to move a wooden pallet when she fell down the gap, smashing her face and trapping her leg. She now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg and fears she'll never leave home again.
Actress Paula Duncan has revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with Studio 10. Duncan, 62, is best known as the bubbly, upbeat face of Spray'n'Wipe. The actress has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43, and that her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series called 'Wil Can Fly' in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying in many different scenes. Lawrence said he hopes to photograph Wil 'flying' in other destinations to raise more awareness about the disorder.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism. He left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq. In April 2014, he purchased a one-way ticket to Greece, but during a layover in Istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to Athens and instead made his way to Syria.
The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys, and the firm is also developing an orbital craft. It will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso. Testing and development of the rocket engine, called BE-3,. has been completed, the last major milestone before the liquid. oxygen- and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the New Shepard capsule. Blue Origin has not started selling tickets for flights on New Shepard or released pricing information.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January. The father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police. He was arrested at the school on Friday and is facing charges of luring a minor for sexual exploitation, child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year. Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. Mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday. 'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets, flanked by police. This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50, including Bridget Jones' Diary and Aviator. Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. 'I got into medical school because I said I was black. The funny thing is I'm not,' he wrote on his blog, Almost Black.
Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack, but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally. 'It's been a hard period,' Obama said in a weekend interview with New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman. He added that it is 'personally difficult' to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel's interests.
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went missing from Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. Her body was found in Rochdale canal five months later, weighed down with a 20lb rock. Her sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer. She said: 'It is about time this came to an end - it is a life sentence for this family'Police admit they are still searching for the 'golden nugget' to bring justice to her family.
RSPCA South Australia released photos of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in Adelaide, where he raised his three cats. The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats. He was granted to have two of his cats returned under the RSPCA's supervision. The case was finalised in Christies Beach Magistrates Court, southern Adelaide, on Tuesday.
Images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator. Software engineer Scott Carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across fish trying to avoid the shark.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5. The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday. Police were led to Gary after Fleming's cell phone signal was picked up in the city, where the young mother's wallet was also found.
Jason Warnock, 29, of Lewiston, Idaho, has been identified as the man who pulled Mathew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff on Wednesday morning. But after saving the man, Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. He had been working at the time of the crash and had to get back to his job.
Tabby cat George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales and was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later. Owners Steven Davison, 71, and his wife Susan, 68, from Llanrwst in Conwy Valley, couldn't believe their luck when their daughter Gemma Davison-Lemalle, 30, saw a picture of her childhood pet on the page. Julia Hill, who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week, posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday. He decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family - his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go.
Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father. The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two frozen embryos. The pair created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in November 2013.
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. Further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following her success presenting the London Olympics. The broadcaster, who recently hosted coverage of the Boat Race, has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts. The 44-year-old married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year.
Tether Unlimited has revealed a system of robo spiders than can construct solar panels, trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit. System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the Earth by'spinning' building material into shape. System is being developed by a company called Tethers Unlimited.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. The mansion was hit with five citations from Code Enforcement, including for holding special events in a residential zone.
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle magazine. Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the US had a female leader. 'I now understand all of the enthusiastic, bombastically spectacular, wonderful things people say about their children,' says Clinton of her daughter Charlotte.
Abase Hussen admitted taking daughter Amira Abase to an extremist rally when she was just 13. He said he could think of 'nothing' to explain why she and two friends decided to join IS. Mr Hussen was caught in shocking video footage amid a flag-burning mob in 2012. He has now admitted going to two further rallies with his impressionable daughter in tow.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three different flavours. David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday. The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett's trademark eccentricity. The Art Gallery of NSW was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer Alice Babidge.
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home. He ran into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by. The near-miss, plus a lot of barking, made inspector Stephanie Law pull over. Alfie bounded in and started licking her face appreciatively.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was sentenced to 10-years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl. Judge M. Marc Kelly said there was 'no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being'Prosecutor Whitney Bokosky said she disagrees and will appeal the decision.
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls. The first 100 customers at each of the Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide City stores can snap up the collectors' items for the special heritage price. The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle. Well-wishers were in their hundreds, all keen to catch a glimpse of the young princesses who have been on a break from royal duties since appearing at a military parade.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and Asian faces in the Ukip manifesto. It was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. Mr Farage said the premise was wrong, with the picture of the party's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
Priscilla Presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all new chapel of love in Las Vegas. The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February, official figures show. David Cameron said the Conservatives had overseen a 'jobs miracle' and Britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the EU put together. The International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Kim Kardashian is in Armenia with her husband Kanye West and their daughter North on an eight-day visit to the country of her dad's birth. The Kardashian-West crew are staying in the capital's finest digs, the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan, which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors. Three of the fully grown dogs were found crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a garden shed. Magistrates heard couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs by failing to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails. Couple jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets, which they cannot appeal for 25 years.
Brussels will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market. Ruling is result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant. Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'Corker said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - before finally voting on it. Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday.
Tracey Cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention. She gives her advice on how to use your peepers to signal sexual interest.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. Complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son, according to an affidavit. He says he gave Howell the gun to protect himself after he'd gotten into some fights recently.
Gang of armed robbers stole £145,000 from 13 shops in two-month crime spree. Brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops. They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process. Gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives, golf clubs and screwdrivers. Group have now been jailed for 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying Georgina Bartter with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills in the lead up to the Harbourlife dance festival last year. Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty. Police alleged Ms Hannibal, of Cammeray, supplied a number of pills between 2pm and 3:30pm on November 7. Ms Bartter collapsed on the dance floor and was rushed to St Vincent's Hospital but died from multiple organ failure. Her defence lawyer, Mr Robinson, bizarrely refused to provide his first name and declined to speak to reporters.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder. Robert Dobinson, 33, had been dating mother-of-two Elderfield for about two years. Court heard how she flew into a rage when he interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. Jury heard she chased him out of the cabin armed with a 4.5in kitchen knife.
Nelson Felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform. He took a photo, and expressed his disapproval on Facebook, after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. In the picture, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes, but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear.
Pew Research Center and Austria's International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis spent six years gathering the data from 2,500 censuses and surveys. By 2050, there will be 2.8billion Muslims and 2.9billion Christians, it is estimated.
V.V. Stiviano, the alleged mistress of Clippers owner Donald Sterling, who he showered with expensive gifts, has been ordered to pay his wife $2.6million. Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V.V.'s a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage. She had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that she couldn't seek them from a third party.
It's designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells and is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer. The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. It is initially being tested as a way to treat cancer that has returned but could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future.
Awel Manyang, five, believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles. Her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and twins Madit and Anger - died after their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday. Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident. The children's father Joseph Tito Manyang says his partner and mother of the children was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. It is a recreation of the song from the 1983 film The Meaning of Life. Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. Jenny Wallenda's husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson. Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay. 'I think he had me checked out,' says Garlington in an interview with People.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, dropped out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school, which was located six miles away from her home. Now a resident at Meadows Assisted Living and Memory Care, she was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley High School, 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated.
Matthew Bird halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. He said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month. Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of Birdsville, which borders on the Simpson Desert in far south-west Queensland. The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states, but he told Daily Mail Australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville. Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues. He believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner.
Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis for a $75million asking price. The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River. Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood.
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the Grangetown suburb. They read: 'Islam is the only real, working solution for the UK'Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
Deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over next two decades, think tank says. Report by International Longevity Centre-UK says the cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families. A'simple' funeral with a cremation, a minister and an undertaker now costs £3, 590.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 gold fish. Wildlife officials say it started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. The fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases.
Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that once her Visa expires, she must return to Romania. The 34-year-old divorced her New Zealand born partner after a two-year relationship. She was awarded full custody of their son, Chris, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris. She now faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency who insist Chris's future living arrangements 'are not their problem'
Research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets. The budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year becoming Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. The company's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
The 41-year-old man is said to have posted a 'blasphemous' status on his Facebook page. He is accused of doing so after watching a news bulletin about the Iraq war on television. The Indian salesman faces up to seven years in jail and a fine of up to one million dirham - around £186,000.
The watch goes on sale on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo. Apple predicts demand will exceed supply at product launch.
Ards Borough Council in Northern Ireland put on the taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale'Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat. Party was adorned with almost £500 worth of balloons and Christmas crackers.
Feidin Santana, 23, has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, in North Charleston on Saturday and later released the video. Santana, a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic, said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know precisely how their son had died. Scott was pulled over for a broken tail light on Saturday, but when officers approached his car, he fled - perhaps because he had been arrested for failing to pay child support.
Her Majesty's @BritishMonarchy is the most followed royal Twitter account. The Duchess of York is the next most followed and narrowly beats her ex-husband Prince Andrew. Katy Perry is the world's most followed person on Twitter, closely followed by Justin Bieber.
Her Majesty looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress. She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the reception in Trafalgar Square, London. The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief. Today's reception formed one of the highlights of events marking the centenary of First World War battles.
Abbey Clancy, 29, joins forces with Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27, in new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday. Her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June.
Star Wars director plans to build affordable housing complex on plot of land in Lucas Valley, Bay Area, California. He dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex on Lucas Valley Road in 2012.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells. It is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause and is usually taken for five years or longer after breast cancer treatment.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway. He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans and ran over and killed the 20-month-old. The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time, but the case remains under investigation.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into oncoming traffic. The 29-year-old died instantly when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614. He had been driving home from a speed awareness course on the morning of November 19 last year. His mother, Jean Allen, said: 'No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son'
Martha the golden retriever was playing on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside. The ten-year-old was playing with her owner when she was swept out to sea by the tide. Her owner launched their own rescue attempt but were unable to save their pet.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star. Over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun. The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. It has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing coloured squares. On each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. The aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse. Players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point. Plus, players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out.
Listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions on iPlayer. They branded the problem 'irritating' and said it was ruining their enjoyment of the programmes. Shows such as Dad’s Army and Hancock's Half Hour have all fallen foul of the problem. BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
A preservation group says old Texas dance halls that for years served as important social centers in rural areas of the state are decaying and closing, with comparatively few still operating. About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels.
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986. The claims, which the church has categorically denied through its attorneys, come just weeks after the premiere of the HBO documentary Going Clear.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls. But it left her with earlobes that had been'sewn' to the sides of her face. Belinda is to appear on tonight's episode of TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest. The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend.
Smartphone health apps are ‘fuelling anxiety’ and ‘eroding people’s sense of wellbeing’, says senior GP. ‘untested and unscientific’ apps cause stress by making us worry we are abnormal or unhealthy, says Dr Des Spence. Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple's health app, which is automatically installed on latest Apple smartphones.
Khawayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina. He is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange was leaving work earlier this month when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage. She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times. Gay's two suspected accomplices were not with him when he was arrested.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat. The plus-size entertainer gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of Strictly Come Dancing to be nominated. The 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards. Both Sir Bruce Forsyth and co-host Tess Daly have failed to receive a nomination.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. She allegedly played naked Twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom.
Short story was penned by the future monarch when she was just 10. It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried. Alice befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little French orphan' who has been half-blinded by small pox. Victoria's story was written in her 'Composition' notebook as part of her studies with her governess, Baroness Louise Lehzen.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner. She claims the man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' and told her to 'go to a f***ing Aussie butcher' when she tried to change her chicken selection. But the butcher said she was the one being rude on a day when he had been having issues with his eftpos machine. 'I was very slow and she started having a go at me,' the butcher told Daily Mail Australia.
Dave Sim, 36, from Southport, Merseyside, is planning to ride the entire Tour de France on a Raleigh Chopper. He has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 route this summer. The 36-year-old hopes his stunt will inspire others to get out and ride themselves.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared in Dubrovnik, Croatia in 2008. Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18. Her parents believe she was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea. It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
Cultural historian at Syracuse University, London, Chris Cook, told the Sunday Times that whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades. In the 70s and 80s whistling was still popular in many pop songs, as Paul Simon's 1972 hit Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard.
Blunder at the pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661. The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on April 16. The Hall of Famer, 68, had quadruruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease. The successful surgery was performed by the hospital's cardiac surgery chief, Dr Richard Shemin.
64 per cent of Americans think they spend more money when shopping with friends. Main reasons for this were'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure'Nearly two-thirds of Americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday. It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict her of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 2013. Decades before, in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her. Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun.
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years. Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford's famous Model T. He says his customers love the Model T - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they don't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car.
Dr Ros Altmann is a former Treasury adviser who went on to head Saga. Would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. Would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas. Grove, a former nursing student, said she was'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will, despite protestations from her parents. Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, told reporters they believed their daughter had been brainwashed, amid mounting accusations over the years the so-called cult is run as a cult.
TV star Karren Brady helped David Cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships. She was in Newark, Nottinghamshire, to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people. Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth. The poster promotes the dazzling Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform, as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier. The Life Ball, which takes place in May, is the biggest charity event in Europe supporting people with HIV/AIDS.
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering. His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times. In the video Mr Garginian dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars. Earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home.
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter. Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that he had served honorably. This means it is inconceivable that Mullen would not have told President Obama and raises questions as to the prisoner swap.
Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina. A number of celebrities joined a torrent of outrage from Twitter users over the shooting on Walter Scott. Rapper Big Boi simply published a black square with the words:#WalterScott.
Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and her husband Robert, 30, plan to fly to the U.S. in March for the two-week 'no-expense spared' break. Couple, from Gravesend, Kent, claim £39,192 in benefits a year on top of Robert's monthly salary of £1,600 as a delivery driver - bringing their annual income up to almost £60,000.
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000. Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken. After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
Mass brawl broke out at a bar opening inside a Queens casino Friday night. Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the Resort World Casino ended up at each other's throats.
Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on Monday. In her first booking photo, taken in 2008, Arias smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published. Arias killed ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in 2008 after a stormy relationship.
China is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request'Could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain by 2020. Step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol. It has been in use for more than 70 years, but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain. This study shows that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions.
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown. Their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers. Conflict developed over how to care for her, culminating in a meeting in which staff told him that his wife was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. On Wednesday, he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife, who died last August.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater. One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney. Footage shows the house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it. Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region.
Inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009, but stopped taking evidence in 2011. It is thought to be highly critical of senior political figures, including Tony Blair, but will likely not report until even later.
Photographs of the boy's horrific injuries were shared online as his adoptive mother was arrested for abuse. Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse after teachers raised the alarm. The 50-year-old had adopted the boy after when he was six after being given up by her cousin.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world. Couples can set a virtual date and invite Facebook contacts they want as guests. They can then choose from a range of several ceremonies depending on their style. Guests are invited via Facebook, and once they log in their webcam streams are pasted onto a virtual body.
Couple took 14-year-old son out of school without permission for five-day holiday to Spain. They were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh, Essex. They appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited. The boy's grandmother, from Benfleet, Essex, paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born a girl named Mia, the second of three daughters. The couple decided to let Jacob cut his hair, wear boy clothes, and assume aspects of his male identity at home. Jacob would only open up around his family and had trouble getting along with his peers. Mimi said that she was worried Jacob's behavior would make it harder for him to build relationships.
Laurene Jobs, wife of Apple founder Steve Jobs, has told of her admiration for Hillary Clinton. She said that the former First Lady has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service. Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday - and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet 'ordinary' voters in Iowa.
Lloyd Dennis has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children. The 32-year-old is accused of rape and sexual activity with a child, police say. Among the schools where Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary School in Hampshire. Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward to help their investigation. Dennis will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month.
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney. Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Henri Morris, 67, admitted drugging a female employee during a business trip in order to take naked photos of her. The married software executive was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012. He was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison without the possibility of parole.
10 tonne 'fatberg' made up of congealed waste has been removed from a sewer underneath one of London's most exclusive streets. The lump, which was 40 metres long and made of fat and wet wipes, was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break. Utility companies, including Thames Water, discovered the fatberg when local residents complained about a rancid smell coming from the sewer.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol, where he was staying with friends, but failed to resurface. His desperate friends dragged Mr Nicol, who was born in Glasgow, out of the water and tried to save him. Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place around 8.30am on Easter Sunday morning, but Mr Nicol had died.
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends. The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing with their beloved pets.
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales, with just a small bag of belongings each. The 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
David Cameron and the Tories are predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote. Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach during a strafing attack in 1940. Sq Ldr Joll and his gunner then trekked for miles where they met a Dutch fisherman, who they persuaded to take them to England. They travelled to England just 16 days before the start of the evacuation of 300,000 Allied troops a few miles down the coast at Dunkirk.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg and his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez were interviewed for ITV's Tonight programme. Mr Clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion. But his wife vetoed the move saying the best thing would be for the children to stay at home. Couple were seen in the kitchen of their £1.5million family home in Putney, south west London.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister at the mall in Pudu, Malaysia. She was playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator with her five-year-old sister. She then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes and plunged five floors. Her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa at the time of the tragic accident.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in North West London. He was called to a job in the area where he was killed days before his death. The imam, who had links to the Muslim Brotherhood in the UK and abroad, was asked to come back another day. Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer who postponed the hit.
Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird used Michael Spalding for slave labour before Simon killed him. The 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before Simon and Bird threw them into Birmingham Canal. Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today. Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select exceptional applicants. University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit. Under coalition reforms planned to 'toughen up' the qualifications, AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September.
Brothers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each for health and safety offences. Three people were injured and 20 students were left homeless after building collapsed in March 2013. Judge said: 'If a member of the public had been passing by they would have said how on earth was no-one killed in that?'
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband's plan to scrap 'non-dom' status had won him over. He tweeted: 'Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this'Hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing Tories' economic record.
Stephanie Scott was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday. Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding. The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was found dead in Cocoparra National Park on Thursday. Her body was discovered by school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, who was charged with her murder. The poem was addressed to'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day...'
The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30pm Wednesday. The woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division Twitter. Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph, CHP officer Juan Galvan said.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives told Time this week that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S.The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded. Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty.
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day his wife is due to give birth. William plans to do 'everything he can' to be at the official commemorations. He is currently training for his new job as an Air Ambulance pilot at three airbases.
Prairie dogs in Picture Canyon, Flagstaff, Arizona, began dying from plague. Parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant in Flagstaff were found to carry the illness. The plague, which famously killed millions of Europeans during the Black Death, is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents.
The teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene. The boy, who is now being treated at Mayo Hospital in Lahore, described how he was approached by the two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque. They asked him what his religion was and then, when he replied he was a Christian, they started beating him. Nuaman tired to escaped but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire. He said he ran – still on fire – until he reached a mound of sand which he rolled around in.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in Victoria's Secret campaign. Models show off brand's new Dream Angels range of underwear and push-up bras.
Kyle Knox was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel. It was believed he had attempted to climb the peak alone and was not an experienced walker. Today a body was recovered by a Royal Navy Helicopter in the Surgeon's Gully area.
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online. Her first pair of underwear sold for $70, and she's had three serious relationships over the course of her career.
Baby girl was found face down in a toilet bowl after her'mother gave birth in the lavatory', it has been revealed. It is believed the girl, named April by hospital staff, might have been delivered at Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Nevill Street, Southport, hours before she was discovered. Merseyside Police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother. Officers say they have found the mother of baby April.
Qatar Airways has been named the most reliable airline in the world. Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern, the top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market. British Airways ranked in eighth place as the only UK airline to make the list.
Passengers can enjoy'standard spirits, international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours' for no extra charge - and 'gratuities' on Azamara are included in the basic cost.
The bag was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on Saturday morning. It was spotted outside a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc, one block away from police station. More remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex on 6th Street, across the road from where the bag was discovered just hours earlier. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, who has also not been identified by officials. The suspect will be arraigned on Monday at Cambridge District Court.
Donald Graham, 62, from Sparty Lea, Northumberland, killed heiress Janet Brown, 45. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found and no trace of her has been found. He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche, took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family. Graham, who dubbed himself Teflon Don, was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years.
Research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University. Found that majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married, according to study. Some 3.7 million confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home, study found.
Mohamed Morsi has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering arrest and torture of protesters. But a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty. Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced. But the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters during the December 5, 2012 clashes outside the presidential palace in Cairo.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed the swimmer's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat. Former police inspector Neville Hackett said that his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. The 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds. Hackett made the team after only six months of training following a six-year layoff.
The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)NF1 can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and seven-year-old son Phoenix were travelling back to Washington DC after a birthday trip to Disney World, Orlando. After boarding the plane, the Shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet. Mr Shirley says the family were told by cabin staff that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the seating area.
Kevin Gill, from Naples, Florida, was arrested after deputies found he had a small alligator inside his Florida home. He had found the injured gator and given it to his son, 13, to nurse back to health. But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator. It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
More than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at New York City's Library Hotel. Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's categories, and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic. The hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street, just steps from the New York Public Library.
Jon Stewart will host his last show on August 6. He revealed he decided to quit because he was becoming increasingly depressed watching cable news. Stewart will be replaced by Trevor Noah, 31, who instantly became the center of a debate over his questionable jokes on social media.
Bikini-clad models paraded along narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels. Challenge was part of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe competition in Luoyang, China.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, a family spokesman said. He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college, and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. He also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. Teacher at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack, New Jersey, allegedly tried to have sex with a 16-year-old girl and sent her lewd emails, which were later discovered by her sister.
Thames Valley Police called an Army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported seeing a missile on top of a barge in Reading. The 4ft-long model weapon was mounted on the roof on the barge as it sailed down the Thames in Berkshire. Alongside the missile were the head and shoulders of a dummy wearing a balaclava.
Jerry Hugel, 83, his wife Marianne, 80, and their friend Walter Vondthadden, 76, were all found dead at the home in Floral Park, Queens on Friday afternoon. Neighbors say they were a happily married couple for 60 years who loved to dance, garden, and observe their German heritage. The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of Penrith in western Sydney. The retreat is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Rare archive photo and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling. Hitler seems ill at ease with his hands, squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets in one photo. He tilts his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera, topped off by a military cap.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it. The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, with actor Dax Sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma just after her 18th birthday. She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month. Her high school team mates gathered to remember her at a memorial today in the arena where she scored her first basket.
Racegoer is seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor. The man is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races in Aintree. He then barges into the 63-year-old, who then stumbles backwards and falls to the road. He was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face, Merseyside Police said. A man, 34, from Formby in Sefton, was interviewed under caution about the alleged assault. He has now been released pending further inquiries.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. She didn't realise she would never see him again after he was sold at auction for £200. Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
Madonna performed a stand-up on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday. The 56-year-old singer described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' stand up routine.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after bomb threat. Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school. She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates. Gregory, a married mother-of-two, said she was suffering from depression at the time.
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. Footage shows the whale swimming in and out of the camera lights, at times spinning and looking directly into the camera.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a Labour rival, Theo Blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors. He was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor, Lazzaro Pietragnoli, interrupted the proceedings to tell him off.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause. The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention. Craig will rejoin the production when it resumes filming at Pinewood Studios in England on April 22.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California, with injuries to its ears and stomach. It is believed the pet, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall, experts say. The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'Many characters in other top films would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami. There are about 26,000 Yanomomami living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela, mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains. Results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be beneficial to modern society.
Will Allen and Susan Daub are accused of running a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme. They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in the scheme that promised high returns to investors. Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and Miami Dolphins. He was signed by the New England Patriots in March 2012 but was placed on injured reserve the following August.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham. But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away. Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house where Mr Cameron was giving his speech.
Digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time. Overall global sales of $14.97 billion. fell marginally from 2013.
Signs have been erected in the municipality of Lastres, in north-western Spain. They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it. No one knows who put up the signs next to warnings that urge people not to litter.
Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed lifestyle on YouTube. The 45-year-old is seen lying on a wall on his farm in Ross-on-Wye, Cumbria, shouting 'Bored!' He then drives along the M6 and country roads to Buttermere in the Lake District. Film follows Hammond as he learns from local farmers about how to look after sheep.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, Spain. The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother. Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe. In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation. At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour', says Unison. Unison member Jane Smith has called for more research into the effects of workers' health. One member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week. She said: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care'
Hiroshi Ueda, a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company Minolta, claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. The 'extender stick', as he called it, was designed for use with new compact cameras that were being developed at the time. He added a mirror to the front of the camera so that photographers could see exactly what they were doing. Despite being patented in 1983, the extender stick failed to become a success - mainly due to poor image quality.
Amy Childs has unveiled her sophisticated summer collection full of pastel prints. The 24-year-old has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season. Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year. Well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up. Under Lib Dem plan, launched in Cornwall today, local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Poll shows 49 per cent of Scots plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25 per cent backing Labour. Labour leader Ed Miliband said the SNP's plan 'will mean a £7.6 billion hole in Scotland's finances'The SNP has seen a surge in support since the independence referendum in September.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. To build the station, something like SpiderFab could be used, a proposed system of robo-spiders.
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position. Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent. He said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his RBS pension pot, the Old Bailey heard. Bank manager turned to gambling after his teenage son was injured in Afghanistan.
Farm worker caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire. A member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner TH Clements & Son. The worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, was sacked with immediate effect.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, had noticed the rubbish piling up in alleyway. They thought one of their neighbours had been dumping the bags on their own doorstep. Residents were stunned to discover it had been council workers who had been fly-tipping.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. This would then create auroras and lightning in the atmosphere.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah married yesterday. Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and his 22-year-old bride both wore outfits embellished with diamonds. Couple married at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time.
Chancellor visited Numatic factory in Chard, Somerset, where the machines are built. He was given a tour of the factory by worker Inga Ciplyte, 29, from Exeter. Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the iconic hoover brands.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept. The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks, who bashed the defenceless baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana. 'My son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice. That's it,' Ms Veal told 60 Minutes.
Stephanie Flanders, then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight, hosted the party. Miliband was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor, Gordon Brown. He met his future wife Justine Thornton at the dinner party hosted by his then girlfriend. Mrs Miliband said she was 'furious' when she found out he was'secretly going out with' her.
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. Crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight. As the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high. Some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son. But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off. She could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children. They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13. On Tuesday, the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for North Africa. Major General Michael Gambier-Parry was captured with 2,000 of his men by Rommel in Mechili, Libya, in 1941. Rommel invited the British officer to dine with him in a gesture of military camaraderie.
Raymond Towns­end, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32, after more than a year of lurid messages. The woman, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old. He assumed there was no photographic record of his mother, who died aged 13. His granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, found the old photograph in a Florida newspaper. The image dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager.
Rep Darrell Issa asked Clinton about use of personal email for official business in December 2012. But Issa, chairman of House committee on oversight and government reform, didn't receive any answer until Clinton had left the State Department in February 2013. Even then, the reply did not answer the question - instead going into detail over State Department policy.
Memo for Congress states that'special relationship' between Britain and US is over. It was drawn up to brief the Senate and House of Representatives on the impact of Britain's General Election. Document also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
Claims made by Joyce Kuhl, a grandmother from South Carolina who visited SeaWorld Orlando in 2013. Claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving the marine animals 'essentially roasting'Ms Kuhl wants to have her $97 ticket reimbursed, as well as tickets for millions of other visitors. Also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at SeaWorld.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland 'as soon as possible'But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole in Scotland's finances, triggering higher taxes, deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd. He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Nyia Parler, 41, allegedly left her quadriplegic son, 21, in the Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible. Police say she left him in the woods on Monday to visit her boyfriend John Ferguson in Montgomery County, Maryland. Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault, reckless endangering, neglect of a care-dependent person, kidnapping, unlawful restraint and false imprisonment.
Nicola Sturgeon denies telling French ambassador Sylvie Bermann that she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10. She called on Ed Miliband to commit to working with the SNP to 'lock out' Mr Cameron from Downing Street. She said the story was a sign of 'panic' within the Westminster establishment over the SNP's rise.
Georgina Chapman, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. 'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo. The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era. The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff. Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree. Rolf Harris and Dave Lee Travis were among Blackburn's former BBC colleagues caught up in the historic sex abuse scandal at the Corporation.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, was on his way to his local takeaway in Shirley, Solihull. He heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him and noticed the blackened cover. As he watched on in shock, thick black smoke began to escape from the manhole. The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. Her mother Connie Phillips fought her cancer for years before expressing her desire to end her suffering. 'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' said Phillips of her mother who died in the summer of 2012.
Brett and Naghmeh King took Ashya King, five, to Prague for proton beam therapy last year. Consultant Peter Wilson said chances of long-term survival could have been halved. He said it was 'deeply unfair when NHS is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all'
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, says she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older son William, 7. She says she has 'a special smell connection' with Alex and sniffs him 'all the time'Ms Cox says she is a 'normal loving Mum' who treats her boys equally.
Dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high Mount Paektu near the Chinese border. Pictures show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base. He told troops that the climb had given him mental energy'more powerful than nuclear weapons'
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. Cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his car in Wembley last week. He was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native Syria. Second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder him.
George Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around.
Queen's Hospital, Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space in mortuary over Easter weekend. Bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings, then returned to the truck, according to one hospital worker. Spokesman for Burton Hospitals Trust, Brendan Brown, defended the use of the lorry.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over a petty dispute. Couple claim they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset. Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners. When the couple challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic Ocean. Video shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. Elon Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, suffers from lupus, an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system. A stranger left a cruel note on her car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space, despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. Harley's mother Corinna, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Catholic bishops in the U.S. have slammed Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'The BBC drama was broadcast on Masterpiece PBS last night for the first time in the US. Catholic News Service in America slammed the show as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the Tudor period in which it’s set'
Wayne Heneker was ambushed by a masked gunman in Queensland last year. The father-of-two fired three shots at his attacker in a bid to save his own life. It was only after he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague, Shameem Rahman. Mr Rahman was a former workmate who worked alongside Mr Heneker as a security guard for Border Security.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the couple and was recorded on video standing up for them. The couple are 'hardworking, honest and kind' members of the local Islamic community in Brisbane. They are raising a newborn baby son, Mohammad, in the country which they are grateful to call home. NSW police sources say a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the incident.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015. He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. Now mentor Ricky Wilson, his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora, Tom Jones and Will.i.am will all have their fingers crossed for his success.
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on skylight. He suffered life-changing head injuries and ten skull fractures in the fall in May 2010. Family left with £150,000 legal bill after failing to sue Staffordshire County Council.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threaten to remove her son Logan from class because the oils smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him. The family uses Detorra oils with scents such as lavender, chamomile and sandalwood. The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
A prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray on April 12 told investigators that he believed the 25-year-old was trying to hurt himself, according to a leaked police report. The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force. The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of Gray's DNA.
The New Horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon Charon ahead of its arrival in three months. Taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km), the blurry image doesn't reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come. As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto.
Angela Kelly, 67, had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement. She has lost 1½ st, is playing badminton several times a week and is fitter than ever.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. His mother Tammy believes that her son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana. Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will. His death is raising questions about the use of low-level drug offenders as confidential informants.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months. Men hit friendship high point at 27 years and three months.
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine. The wrinkles on the 62-year-old's forehead, clearly visibly in previous pictures, have disappeared, while his skin look smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever. His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
A French model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. Parisian public observe her appearance and judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40.
Beachfront property in Smugglers Cove, near Portreath, has gone on the market for £3million. Summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift, and the summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four, with uninterrupted views of the sea. Estate agents have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove on Cornwall’s north coast.
Jason Rezaian has been detained in Iran for eight months and faces trial for'security charges'An Iranian news agency considered to be close to Iran hard-liners claims he has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'Rezaian and his wife, Iranian-born Yeganeh Salehi, were taken from their Tehran home on July 22 and detained with two photojournalists.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. The 'Cripmas' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday night. The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers, but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket, the man lost his footing and fell backwards. He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan have put their Hastings home on the market for £185,000. They are selling it to pay for their son Craig Jr's £4,000-a-term prep school fees. Craig Jr, nine, and Alfie, four, are at Battle Abbey Prep School in Hastings, East Sussex.
Pope Francis describes mass-murders of up to 1.5million Armenians by Ottoman Turks in 1915 as 'the first genocide of the 20th century'He made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday, prompting Turkey to summon the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest. Turkey told the Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in Pope Francis, adding his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
Hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives during the Klondike Gold Rush. The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Gold Rush in 1896. Wendy flew over the world's largest non-polar icefield in the Kluane National Park.
Scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain. This suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable, according to a new scientific paper. There is already evidence they cooked their food and may even have created stews in the skins of animals.
The coyote was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in Manhattan on Tuesday morning. It was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea. After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene. However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops' attempts to catch it. Emergency Services Unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal with a dart laced with Ketaset.
Woman boarded bus in Ozone Park, Queens, recorded driver looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms. She was'shocked' that the driver's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus. Bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend.
The bodies of a 37-year-old woman, her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy, 8, were discovered by police Monday night at their home in Eastpointe, Michigan. The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste, 2, and Timothy, 9. Christie's husband was taken into custody without incident, and police weren't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram with 342,969 photos. Sydney's popular Bondi Beach has been ranked second with 261,911 photos, followed by the Sydney Opera House with 134,641. The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap. Others include the Twelve Apostles along the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Uluru which is also known as Ayers Rock in the Northern Territory and the Big Banana in New South Wales.
An unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond, Texas, is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-Muslim propaganda during class. The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' and that: 'There are an estimated 190-300 million 'radical Islam' followers'
Punters are convinced Kate will give birth to a girl, according to Ladbrokes bookmaker. A Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess yesterday. Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up, with 18th, 19th and 20th April the most popular choices. Alice is the current front runner for a princess, followed by Victoria.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near her home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW next Wednesday. Ms Scott was set to wed her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley last Saturday. The 26-year-old's burned body was found five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday April 10 by police in an area where her accused killer Vincent Stanford went on regular camping trips.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote. Campbell has joined forces with David Harewood, Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan. Campaign, run by Operation Black Vote, features stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20. Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'His letter was called ‘We’re not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto’ in a reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s.
Plastic Jesus put up seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week. He says he came up with the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street. The street artist says the signs aren't meant to target the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the reality TV star obsession in general.
Maggie Rizer, 37, gave birth to her first daughter Cecilia Kathryn on February 9. The mother-of-three and her husband Alex Mehran are spending time with their family, including their newborn at an unidentified tropical destination. Two weeks before her beach vacation she shared a picture of herself working out on a Pilates reformer.
Temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday, forecasters say. Five flood alerts are in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria. Ladbrokes cut odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6, while it is offering 2/1 on this summer being the hottest ever.
Actor Aidan Turner, 31, set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe, an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery. But it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts dedicated to keeping the age-old art alive. They say Turner’s macho grunts and terrible technique tarnished the view of the usually'sedate' action.
Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – has been nicknamed the 'plango'It has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum, and a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture. The fruit, smaller than a mango, will be on shelves this weekend.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under his floorboards in September 2013. Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in West Kensington, west London. He admitted two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, which he denies. His father Linford Christie was the toast of British athletics for a decade.
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row. The Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post, just two miles from where Nidal Hasan had opened fire in a room of unarmed soldiers. Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of terrorism.
On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the Australian domestic network. Free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. Virgin Australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards. The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'It has since been popularized by the horror movie The Omen. Jenkins was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days.
Neil Fox denies nine counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014. The 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years. One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio’s studios in Leicester Square.
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, East Sussex, proposed to his girlfriend, Anna Jefferson, 36. She was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon with their children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months. Ben got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer. His doctors have urged him to check into hospice care. Instead, he has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and grandchildren can continue to live in his house.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week. The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios. Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats. He even went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, of Leytonstone, east London, got off his train at Mile End. He picked a target on the platform - a 'confident and articulate' professional in her 20s. He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. Tahir was convicted of sexual assault after a two-day trial at the Old Bailey. He was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for two years.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes 'cannibal Cop' Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. Valle has been out of jail since July after being cleared of conspiring to abduct, cook and eat women.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was told he had to leave his guide dog outside. He said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' and 'embarrassed and humiliated'The Post Office has issued an apology 'for any distress caused' following the incident.
Emma Forbes, 49, bought a £27 million London mansion - for cash. The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. It replaced a red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade that was torn down by previous owners.
Heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia. The bear family are part of a huge population found in the Kronotsky Reserve - known as the Kingdom of bears.
Pittsburgh-based pop-up store, Less Than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap. Female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. All sales from the ceramics, textiles, publications, art prints, and stationery sole will go back to the female artists.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week. Her son was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party. A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder. He told police where to find the body parts in two different areas.
Por-Bajin was built during the period of the Uighur Khaganate (744-840 AD)It is located in the Sayan and Altai ranges, about 3,800km from Moscow near the Mongolian border. It has baffled experts for over a hundred years who say it could have been anything from a prison, to a palace or monastry. Archaeologists conducted limited and inconclusive excavations at the site in the 1950s and 1960s.
Millie Marotta, 36, from Tenby, Wales, took eight months to complete the book. Animal Kingdom has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and has been translated into 19 languages. The book is filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with flower shapes, patterns and shapes.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow while skiing in the mountains near Bergen at the weekend. Numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story, and there have been sightings of worm rainfall.
Jonathan Krueger, 22, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report. Six officers were involved in the arrest and transportation of Gray after he was taken into custody.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002. He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years. But the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission. Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the home must be pulled down within 90 days.
Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters. Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape. War memorials were also defaced.
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City. This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5 at his home in Miami. Dr Brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered actress Kassie Thornton and TV executive partner Christy Spitzer to stop kissing. He told them to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' and if they ignored his request he would throw them out. He also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay the fare and walked away. Judge ordered him to pay $10,000 in fines and $5,000 civil penalty to the city.
Notable TV shows such as True Blood and Twilight are said to be encouraging a new generation of what the Church considers demonic 'possessions'Professor Giuseppe Ferrari, head of the Italian occult watchdog The Group on Research and Socio-Religious Information, made the revelation.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage. Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty, saying she acted with good intentions. Council officials had told her she could trim the tree near her home but physically refused to show her how much. The prosecution then told of how her pruning of the tree 'went way beyond the lawful excuse' and caused 'unnecessary damage'
Joshua Corbett, 39, is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June last year. A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial. Bullock hid in her closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year, according to a 911 call played in court Thursday.
More than half of voters do not want to see Nicola Sturgeon or SNP calling the shots in the next UK government, a poll reveals. Nicola Sturgeon today launched her party's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a Labour government. Polls in Scotland put the SNP on course to make huge gains north of the border, taking dozens of seats from Labour.
Pensioners aged over 75 will be guaranteed same-day appointments with their GP. David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund NHS. This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. He was taken to Staten Island University before being transferred by air ambulance to the trauma unit at Belleview hospital.
Punk fashion took to the runway at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia. Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk. Models donned stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses.
Rhodri Giggs had an eight-year affair with his brother Ryan's wife Natasha. Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship.
Nicola Sturgeon today faced claims she would 'paralyse' the UK economy with her demand for another referendum on Scottish independence. The SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead, near Edinburgh. She set out details of what she called a 'triple lock' that exists on independence. But the prospect of another referendum has been condemned by rival parties. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want'
With just 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck. Latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent, pointing to another hung Parliament. One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats – with not a single bet of this size on Ed Miliband's Labour.
Patrick O'Melia, 39, was flagged down by Justin Braddock's sister near DeLand, Florida. He found Braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car and spent seven minutes giving him CPR. Braddock, 34, had injected a large amount of the drug that day and was taken to hospital but fled. He was caught by deputies as he ran away from Florida Hospital.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who travel to the settlement of Sertar. The settlement has grown from a handful of disciples in the 1980s to become one of the largest centres for the study of Tibetan Buddhism.
A cache of documents, including blueprints for an ISIS secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals. The handwritten charts and notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area. The 'blueprints' outline exactly how the group intended to infiltrate villages and cities by recruiting young men as spies.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests. There is space on the yacht for 15 crew, ensuring there is nothing always someone on hand to make sure the journey goes smoohtly.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000)The list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. It's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside. The Gemini programme of the 1960s was designed to develop and test capabilities that would ultimately land humans on the moon in the Apollo missions.
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in Shyrokyne, a village near Mariupol in East Ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds. He received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues, before he was taken to hospital.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
Mary Day, 60, of Swanage, Dorset, claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 in savings in the bank. She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa for up to a month each time. Day went on three trips to tourist hotspot Goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but did not tell the authorities. She was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers.
Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested in mass brawl at Pontins. Police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other. The fracas took place at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside, yesterday evening. A 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, foiled after neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, and banned from keeping animals for five years.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps. The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage and sentenced to 35 years prison in July 2013 for leaking a trove of secret documents to the WikiLeaks website. Manning, a former Army private who enlisted as Bradley, has had her name officially changed to Chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison. In the new interview, Manning speaks of a tumultuous childhood, why she enlisted in the military, and realizing she was a woman trapped in a man's body.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings. The Labour Party has taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day. The revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leader's personal character.
Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate. The Scottish National Party has pledged to vote in favour of a 50p top rate if it holds power. Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls is said to want the new top rate to be temporary.
Almost three quarters (73 per cent) of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month. The type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you, the survey by US dating site Skout found. The most popular filling is American cheese, followed by cheddar and mozzarella.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. Hinch and Hughes were on ABC's Q&A on Monday night discussing alcohol and depression. The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend. Hughes told Kiis 101.1 radio he would not recant his comment about Hinch.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP. Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises. Landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support'Pub said it had received a 'Marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people'
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child. Her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, Blanca, were never registered and they did not attend school. Couple were also being questioned over claims that Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed visa. Blanca Cousins fell to her death from a window at the foot of the apartment block in Hong Kong. Police said the girl had been unhappy and a police source said she locked herself in a bathroom.
Gunfights broke out and. vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest. cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a. leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area. Three suspected assailants were killed and two state police were injured during the violence on Friday. On Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. The 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences.
Pompous Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat from Salt Lake City, USA. He's a breed known for their wild, curly hair - but not usually for their angered appareances. Albert is named after famous physician Albert Einstein, due to his white-grey curly hair.
Kelly Watson, 41, of Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, started having problems three years ago. She was diagnosed with dementia on her 41st birthday on June 23 last year. Now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter, Holly, and the joys of watching her grow up. She said: 'I wanted to see her graduate, get married and have kids. It's all been stolen from me'
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people, leaving older workers vulnerable. Over-55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24, study claims.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. He was convicted of the 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno, 38, who was pumping gas nearby. Sprouse told an officer who accompanied him to a hospital that he believed Moreno was an undercover officer, so he shot him.
The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in Tulun, Russia. The family matriarch feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle. Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animal into the home.
Body cam footage has surfaced of a crowd of street racers threatening police officers who rescued their friends from a serious crash. The vision was captured at a known hoon-hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast, where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts. A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck. One woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend, who is trapped inside.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent. The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques. She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling coloured diamonds. But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering.
Rye Silverman, 32, a Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel', has been a fan of ModCloth's designs for years. Often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company's Style Gallery, an open fashion forum.
Lorraine Valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light. A holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell. Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. Two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes running and if you have lathered it with butter and jam, it would take 80 minutes of running. One medium chocolate bunny takes two and a half to three hours of kayaking.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for help from Russia to 'fight the alien invader'Reagan asked for support in the event of an alien invasion at a peace summit in 1985. He repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students after his return to the US. The President is believed to have become an avid science fiction fan.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth. She was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section' yesterday afternoon.
Carole Middleton, the new arrival's grandmother, has become a permanent fixture at Anmer Hall. Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered from Annie Sloane store a couple of weeks ago. Kate's pink coat and pink paints have fuelled speculation over the baby's sex.
Kieron Power, 54, from Esher, Surrey, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars. He was on his way home after taking photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand. His wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for parking behind a police car and van.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when a tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois. Husband Clem, 84, was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck - but survived because he had gone upstairs to fetch a lantern. Alyssa Murray found the photograph in the wake of the powerful storm, which also killed another Fairdale woman in her 60s.
Homes in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove. One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move.
Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20', which will air on Friday. Letourneau will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted, as well as her hopes to teach again one day. The couple's two teenage daughters, Georgia and Audrey, will join their parents for the interview.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals. This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years. Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed a £10.35m settlement with her ex-husband Charles, 54. But his software firm AppSense was valued wildly higher, and his stake was said to be worth £132m. Court of Appeal ruled that Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote. Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Audrey Pekin, 19, says she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu, who she had met with other friends a few days earlier. The pair began drinking together at the Bounty Bar in Kuta, before moving to the nearby Sky Garden to continue the night.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students. Two students have now filed lawsuits against the Davis County School District in Utah accusing officials of failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him and two other boys.
Glen Walford, 75, has spent two years fighting Worcestershire County Council. The theatre director wanted to retire to her mother's house in Stourpour-upon-Severn. But the council ruled it was not her home at the time when her mother went into care. Now the council has won the right to use the equity in the house for care home fees.
Lee Keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest at Lincoln County Court, after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter. The 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in January. He was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order, preventing him from contacting his former partner.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome. The same Google account must be signed into on the phone. The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page. It can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data. Users will need to install the Android Device Manager (ADM) app.
Dawn Williamson, 39, from Scotland, had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched B-movie Venom when she was seven years old. She would obsessively check her home for snakes and would shake her boots to make sure they weren't hiding any. Today she was cured by therapists Nik and Eva Speakman, who have helped 60 people overcome fears and phobias live on TV.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on Furious 7. The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. A forensic psychiatrist has testified that Lou Gehrig's disease is the reason a former sheriff's deputy killed his wife and sister-in-law, whom the defendant described in a suicide note as his threesome partners. Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June.
The House In The Sea sits on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by a 90ft-high suspension bridge. It is surrounded by water and isolated from the town, but the island is far from basic. The interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by her adoptive mother Michele. Marie wrote a heartwrenching open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike, according to an Iraqi source. The source said that he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition in March in Nineveh, Iraq. At first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low, but he pulled through. However, he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about spouses. Only 25 per cent believe it is important to get to know party leaders’ families, poll shows. Women are marginally more likely to want to know, by 27 per cent to 24 per cent.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China's Anyang City. Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible.
Toshiba's humanoid robot known as Aiko Chihira, is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo. The female-looking robot will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. Toshiba describes the eerie android, which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile, as having the appearance of 'a friendly young woman'
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving on Chili Avenue, near Route 390, in Rochester, New York, on March 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt. He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top. But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso. Flowers was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck. But on Sunday, hospital officals announced he has died.
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, ran through the streets of Byron Bay naked during schoolies week for a free kebab. The 18-year-old was fined $500 for offensive behaviour in Sydney's Downing Centre Local Court on Monday. Deputy Chief Magistrate Chris O'Brien labelled him a 'goose' in court.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'Greg Valecce, 53, was beaten, tied to a chair and covered in offensive tattoos. Campbell, his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and friend Carl Halin, 18, took turns punching, slapping and spitting on him. Campbell tattooed swastikas, Stars of David, two variations of the N-word and a penis ejaculating on a rainbow with the words 'Gay Pride' beside it.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family, County Court Judge Sandra Davis said. He flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'Don't f**k with me, I'll cut your f**king face off', as he stole the boy's mobile phone. Judge Davis decided against jail time, fearing his surname would bring unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation.
Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, this October after a car crash in 2013. Marko's Nissan Skyline crashed into her parked car while she was waiting for her husband to return. Ranette's 20-year marriage was already coming to an end by the time Marko unexpectedly came into her life. The pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly. On their third date, Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic waiting for Obama to pass, they weren't going to make it. Tonia Vetter, a high-risk nurse and mother of five, was sitting in her car a few cars back when she realized something was happening up ahead and went to check it out.
Temperatures expected to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year, the 21.9C (71.4F) recorded in London on Friday. Warm weather caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August. Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation. Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours. Temperatures that day soared into the upper 80s. Benjamin died as a result of hyperthermia due to environmental exposure.
Teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at hands of violent pupils. NASUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem' with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children's throats.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel at 10pm on Monday, April 13. The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage, giving viewers a very intense experience.
Sybil Meister believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013. Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. By October 2014, Reef would be dead just over a year later from a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence, along with fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish, 67. Frances Cappuccini died within hours of her second son’s birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood. Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter - the first time a health trust has been charged with the offence since 2008.
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan'French born Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering Australian shores by boat. The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. It will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea. Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the Coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon. He was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot (one meter) space between his car and the cyclist. Incident occurred in Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, known as 'The Liquidator', was arrested on Friday in his hometown of Villa Ahumada. He is charged with multiple felonies including distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking. Authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator, including the 2009 murder of a state witness in El Paso, a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers and a 2012 massacre of fifteen people.
Cannes Film Festival has been declared a selfie-free zone by director Thierry Fremaux. He said he could not ban the pictures, but celebrities will be discouraged from taking them. Mr Fremaux said that the 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures slowed the entire event down.
More than 3,400 press officers are employed by local councils across the UK. Manchester City Council is the worst offender with 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas. London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away. He told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme. He was caught out when he was tagged in a video on Facebook with his new spouse Philippa.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. The married mother of three, her husband and their two sons were returning home to California Monday after vacationing in Hawaii when they were kicked off the flight.
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 on a replica German Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope. Ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor at the age of 41. She slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent. She has joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
Footage was taken during a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers. As two of the jumpers link hands, their two friends circle them as they free fall from the plane. At that moment, the camera from the diver's helmet becomes detached and falls to the ground.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid a temporary nurse £2,200 to cover a single 12-hour shift. The figure equates to £183 an hour - double the rate for a neurologist, it was revealed. It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year. Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money amid shortage of trained nurses.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in October 2009. She was walking to a youth club in Moss Side, Manchester when he dragged her into the house and raped her. The girl, now 18, went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case. Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved. Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures' allowed the rapist to live as a free man.
Karen Catherall, 45, was brutally murdered by Darren Jeffreys, 47, on September 13, last year. The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Gwernaffield, Flintshire, North Wales. She made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub, which went through to BT to deal with. Call handler said they could not hear anything and therefore did not connect the call to the police or send help. Her mother, Glenys Keir, 74, and sister Lorraine Humphreys, 49, slammed BT for not taking action.
Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers. Now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. 'I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on Loose Women this afternoon.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months. The five-year-old has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments. His parents Craig, 28, and Jemma, 21, had been engaged for three years. They decided to fast track their wedding when they discovered their son may not live much longer. Mr and Mrs Edwards had to get special permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea. The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks. Since Walter acquired the unusual taste, all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage.
Photographer Linden Gledhill, 51, from Staffordshire, combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. He uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern. His photographs show the pretty insects’ scale-covered wings. Butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers, which gives them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera - meaning scaled wings. Some of the scales look like exotic bird feathers, while others resemble autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges.
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger. More often than not it's salty crisps, sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on. Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK. Ms Jones's research has revealed the habits which lead us to nibble needlessly.
Archaeologists have discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils - used to help shape the tools - just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya. The discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day. Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down - and fast. She managed to lose 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes so she can walk down the aisle.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike. He was arrested more than 500 miles away early on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach. He will be extradited back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder. On Facebook, he describes his interests as 'white pride' and calls himself the 'White Knight'
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam. One of the men she married was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. She handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Debbie, who stepped in to care for the children after social services threatened to take them away, says her daughter's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand. She also claims that Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare. She said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families. More than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work.
Margaret Tyler, 71, and John Loughery, 60, have arrived at the Lindo Wing ahead of the royal birth. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child on the 25th April.
Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were exonerated by the Italian Supreme Court in late March for the murder of Meredith Kercher in 2007. Knox, 27, fought the Italian legal system for eight years, spent four years in prison and went through three appeals until she was exonerated. Her biographer, Douglas Preston, claims that Knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees.
Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva. The stolen items were discovered in the boy's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village. The headteacher has reportedly admitted slapping Shiva while questioning him about the stolen stationary.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'Freekah, spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest craze in healthy eating. Each comes with its own promise, with claims of'supercharging the metabolism', and'regenerating and revitalising'
Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers at Benihana restaurant in Encino, California, on Easter Sunday. The 41-year-old was taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment. Doctors determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body, a source tells Daily Mail Online.
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman. She said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' when they first met at a party. But Ed Miliband failed to tell his future wife he was secretly in a relationship with a'mutual friend'Mrs Miliband, 44, said she was 'furious' when she found out he was going out with the woman.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, charged with murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice. He made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody by sheriff Charles McFarlane QC. Miss Buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing after a night out at Sanctuary nightclub in Glasgow. Her body was found by police at a farm six miles north of the city earlier this week. Her parents, John and Marian, say they are 'absolutely heartbroken' at the death of their daughter.
Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has amassed a huge teen following on YouTube. Her boyfriend Alfie Deyes, 21, has achieved similar success with more than three million subscribers. Jamie Oliver's company says it has a deal with YouTube that stops sugary food and drinks from being promoted next to his videos.
Muslim Engagement and Development (Mend) boasted they can act as 'kingmakers'The group has bragged that it is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour, it has been reported. At least one election candidate is said to have been approached by a high-profile Muslim.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, likely contracted a fast-moving type of leukemia, known as acute myeloid leukemia, months before his death but was diagnosed only a day before he lost his brief battle with the illness. After a week off for Spring Break, the coach returned to work Monday but still was not feeling well. The 51-year-old school staffer took a sick day and sought medical treatment. Tests showed that the father of two had leukemia - a potentially terminal cancer of the blood.
Wanquan Castle in Zhangjiakou, China's northern Hebei province, was built in 1393. The fortress measures some two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall. It has huge historical, cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status in China.
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world, but also enjoys a stay at Travelodge. 'I don't think I've played this sober before,' he says, before revealing how he prefers action holidays to lying on a beach.
New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $1million in gifts and campaign contributions. The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60, according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month. Menendez helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of 'Sexy' magazine and a Ukrainian actress who moved to Florida to live in one of Melgen's homes.
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, had booked the appointment two weeks ago, a friend told Daily Mail Online. The supermodel was seen partying at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California at the weekend.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself. The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property. Neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars. Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep. Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling before the cameras moved away. Alleged victim reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex.
Airy Bines is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge. She is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago. The debts include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle in Argeles-sur-Mer with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna. The Greenwoods stayed in a Vista three-bedroom mobile home, equipped with a fully-fitted kitchen and air conditioning.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is an exclusively Aboriginal modelling agency. Samantha Harris was one of the most prominent faces at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia this week. The agency is about to take on a whole new approach when casting begins for both female and male models aged anywhere up to 60 years old across five capital cities.
Viktoria's father Barles Charkley posted the video to his Facebook page on Saturday. The video stars his toddler daughter Viktoria, as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of Simba the lion's father, Mufasa. The little girl is seated hunched up on the sofa gazing at the screen, and as the mournful music rolls in her bottom lip trembles.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born to mothers Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19. Keepers at Bronx Zoo have yet to know the babies' genders, and so haven't named them yet. But they have been spotted roaming around the Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers.
Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than £1million for children's hospice Julia's House. The Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron. His offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80) tickets.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured a 'lasting hate' for Pennie Davis, 47. He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier. Carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body.
A woman was killed instantly on Wednesday after she drove her SUV around an active crossing gate and collided with an Amtrak train in Meridian, Mississippi. The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, according to the coroner. No one else was in the vehicle at the time of the collision.
Daily Mirror claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted'But Scotland Yard insists they already had the footage, which was recovered 'at earliest opportunity'Former Flying Squad chief John O'Connor said he had 'never heard of anything like' a newspaper getting such crucial footage before police got their hands on it.
Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network, is said to be in talks with Google. The firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network. Users would be able to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are. Three already offers a similar scheme called Feel at Home that lets customers use their phones and their plans in 18 countries.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, is slated for release in December 2016. The film is set chronologically between the third and the fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga, the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope'Director Gareth Edwards said that his film won't have clear-cut villains and heroes.
Wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks and light bites. Suggestions include Pinot Grigio with nachos and Shiraz Rose with salt and vinegar crisps. Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus, and Merlot is the best glass to compliment a box of chocolates.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. He was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm. It comes after Westbrook, 41, made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her. The pair split in November after spending months together in California.
Video shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide in Bali, Indonesia. Tour guide squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk – as if aware of what the monkey may do next.
Two schoolboys doused 12-year-old pupil in highly flammable WD40 before threatening to set him alight. Victim was walking in a subway underneath a major road in Newbury, Berkshire, on Easter Monday. Police are hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight.
Luke Brett Moore, 27, was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception. The Goulburn man was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account. He dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items. His haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings. Moore was also receiving Centrelink payments between March and July in 2010.
Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night, days after leaving rehab. He was joined by his girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout the night. Manziel checked into a facility on January 28 after stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammate'The Cleveland Browns quarterback has been released from rehab and will begin offseason workouts next Monday, April 20.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan. He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences. Monk was detained at a four-bedroom property in Javea near Alicante.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently, but luckily his driver was there to change it. Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance. The pair pulled off and into the Conservatorium to change the tyre when Ms Waterford approached them. She asked if they needed help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit Cuba. He is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations. Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. Highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again.
Ukip leader visited hinge manufacturer NICO in Clacton, Essex to promote his party's election policies. He was campaigning with Ukip MP Douglas Carswell who hopes to hold the seat he won after defecting from the Tories last year. Mr Farage's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks, as the party flip-flops between setting a target for net migration and insisting targets do not work. He wants an Australian-style system to set targets for the level of skills needed to come to Britain in search of work.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators, convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals, were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars. Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace last week. He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. Unfortunately for him, the entire incident was caught on a tourist's camera.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor, on Dartmoor in Devon, in July 2013. He has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day for the past 19 months. The 35-year-old is just 24 hours away from completing his 16,300-mile journey tomorrow. If successful, he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world by 24 hours.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the conflict. Some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun. Each round cost approximately 50p.
Jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city of Hatra. Militants are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars, while eerie music plays in the background. Hatra, 68 miles southwest of ISIS-held city of Mosul, is a UNESCO World Heritage site.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40. Half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days. The other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame.
The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton-on-Tees, admitted nine food hygiene offences. Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine offences at Teesside Magistrates' Court.
Travolta, 61, claims church has helped him'save lives' and saved his own. He insists the church is not as evil as it has been depicted in the documentary Going Clear. Documentary claims church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from auditors.
Ellia Beasley, 22, from New Milton, Hampshire, had a tattoo on her belly in 2012 featuring the lyrics'scream your heart out' from the song Rooftops by Lost Prophets. But she lived to regret her decision after the band's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser. Ian Watkins, 37, was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 after being convicted of a string of child sex offences - including the attempted rape of a fan's baby.
Lord Macdonald QC said decision not to prosecute Janner in 2007 was made by local CPS lawyers in Leicestershire, and new evidence was not passed to him. Janner, now 86, was able to escape prosecution for eight years until the CPS said he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's. He is said to have preyed on young boys at care homes near his Leicester West constituency.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food. The menu pairs five falafels to five strains of marijuana.
New York-based writer Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions. The clothing store, which carries US sizes 14 to 28, has been applauded for the new campaign, which shows plus size models looking sexy in the brand's lingerie. Amanda says the ads don't actually show women of all sizes, but rather a subset of overweight women who still have 'correct' proportions, with flatter stomachs and larger busts.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County, Florida, on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said. The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan and his wife Ronit were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years. But when they were told a special guest would bring out the puck for them, their son Dan ran out on to the ice. Eitan was so excited to see his son that he ran to meet him halfway down the red carpet as Ronit stood in shock with her hands to her face.
The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages. On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield. Airbnb.com offers an array of accommodation, from spare rooms to igloos or even a Mongolian yurt. Housetrip.com specialises in ethical travel by connecting tourists with local travel companies.
Joanne Whitehouse applied for her daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton near Rochdale as her only preference. Her three sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school and she believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place. Ms Whitehouse's granddaughter Olivia, also four, also missed out on a place and will have to attend Middleton Parish C of E Primary School with Alice.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials. Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder. Brennan, 36, will be charged with possession of a destructive device, and one part possession of components capable of making a component device.
Each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film. Lady Gaga paid tribute to the film, in the presence of its original star, Julie Andrews, for its 50th anniversary at the Oscars.
The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has 'a blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture'The infused special fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream, redirecting moisture back into the skin.
Jack Andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban Maryland with his elder brother, Luke, and parents, Jane, a nurse, and Steve, a civil engineer. At school, Jack won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13. His test for detecting pancreatic cancer won the top award at a prestigious international science competition in 2012.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders. They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. All of the men are currently in intensive care.
Landgate Cottage in Rye is quintessentially 1950s, complete with dark wood beamed ceilings and natural accents. The Colour House in Kendal, Cumbria, is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues and bright wall coverings.
Gavin Daly, 16, played by Pete Davidson, was in court during Janet Johnson-Luna trial. He told the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit. He said he asked for Tylenol because he had been 'fist-bumping' all the way home so his'muscles were a little sore'At the end of the scene, Daly even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand.
Lindsey Vonn made another appearance in Augusta on Thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend Tiger Woods while he goes after a fifth Masters championship after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year. The 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice. Vonn recently won her 67th World Cup downhill skiiing championship after coming back from her second knee surgery.
Huw Thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E during the 2006 World Cup. Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and he no longer held those views.
Students at Kirkwood Community College's regional center in Jones County, Iowa will hold her first low-key campaign event on Tuesday. Of the ten students interviewed in the school's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton. 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes. 'What else is she supposed to do?'
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead Monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home. Police told Daily Mail Online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths. Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16, but they have not been officially named as of midnight pending the notification of next of kin.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a new home. He has taken refuge at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex, who have been looking after him. There are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for by the charity.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent. Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's swimming pool in Upavon, Wiltshire. He had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, an inquest heard. A coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool. She called for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved to rural village of Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005. They thought it would be a peaceful and idyllic home surrounded by arable land. But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot. They were accused of slaughtering a farmer's birds after escaping onto his land. Lisa reveals on Channel 5 show The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook.
Japanese airline All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films. Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2, the small round robot that appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO. The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels in the shape of those on the little droid who does everything from carrying secret plans for the Death Star to co-piloting Luke Skywalker's X-Wing.
New puppet show sees Prince George 'blinged-up' with a tattoo, addressing a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! Hello treacle'Teasers for ITV programme show Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little 'common'
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher, was stopped from boarding a California-bound flight from Colorado to San Francisco on Saturday. Roberts founded One World Labs, which tries to discover security risks before they are exploited. He had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse, New York, and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy. Authorities also seized Roberts' laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, figures reveal. It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on the union. Conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign. Critics have accused Labour of being bound by its union paymasters.
Unidentified college student caught drinking underage at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest last weekend. Three police officers caught her drinking, before challenging her to a game of Rock Paper Scissors. Video posted on social media site Vine shows her beat the officers in the popular playground game.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street. Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student,by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar. A bartender recognized Stover from media reports when he was walking in the Gramercy Park area on Wednesday.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed large kidney stones last year. Doctors believe his condition was caused by low fluid intake. The number of people developing troublesome stones is rocketing, according to figures.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent. His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, said he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to talk about the $500million art heist from 1990. The Gardner heist took place on the rainy night of March 18, 1990, when two men posing as police officers arrived at the museum's front door. 13 artworks including Rembrandt van Rijn's 'Storm on the Sea of Galilee' and Johannes Vermeer's 'The Concert' were missing.
Emma Walker, 15, became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone as the eating disorder anorexia took hold. She was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions. Her mother Kim Waddington said it was devastating watching her daughter's 'horrific' ordeal.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province in southwestern China. The man in his twenties, who was holding two knives, stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him. She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
William Snyder, 34, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of his wife's body in a Pennsylvania river on Saturday. Army-veteran William Snyder has admitted to moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for her safe return. The cause and manner of death are pending results of toxicology tests.
Thief entered branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire. Threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money. Man, whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages, then fled.
Nic Newling, 28, struggled with bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. He moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before he was diagnosed. He is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness. It was the unexpected and tragic death of his older, teenage brother Christopher, who killed himself, which helped put his life back into perspective.
Byron Schlenker, 47, and his daughter Emily, 14, have tongues a whopping 8.6cm and 7.3cm wide respectively. Byron's buds measure the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6. Byron only discovered he was a world-beater when he picked up a Guinness World Records book at the library.
Hampshire police spent £12,712.97 in overtime over six days on search for Ashya King. Five-year-old was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August. Grandmother Patricia King, 77, said: 'It was absolutely disgraceful chasing my son and putting him in prison'
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a Romanian hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. She told doctors she believed she was in labour and they were prepared to operate. But tests revealed she was carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the tumour and transferred her to intensive care.
Gaioz Nigalidze, the current Georgian champion, was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament. Tournament organisers found he had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper. He could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral. Murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance. The 27-year-old leant towards the photographer with visible concern after the incident.
In its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. The theme park, which included an amusement park, campsite and driving range, closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors. Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the site in 2014 to document the park's ongoing dereliction. According to Japanese folklore, the park is said to be jinxed by an ancient curse.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! It lies in the Sporades, east of the island of Skiathos, with no airport. The island has a relaxed, offbeat vibe that plays out in the pretty port of Chora.
Jim Ratcliffe, 62, wants to build a £4million beach house on a site he owns overlooking the Solent. He is seeking to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion. The house has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift the property up in the case of flooding. Mr Ratcliffe bought the site in 2005 and has had previous planning applications rejected.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home. Three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house. This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits. Halifax said data'strengthens the view' that more people may be giving up on the idea of owning their own home.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel', sparking outrage from Collective Shout, who claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to murder and 22 other charges. He is accused of shooting dead one person and injuring five others during a rampage in Phoenix, Arizona. He has convictions in three states for burglary, theft, armed aggravated assault and marijuana violation. Giroux is reported to be a member of the Hammerskin Nation, a racist skinhead group.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter cleared Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd. He asked loved ones to leave the courtroom, fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response. The victim's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court charged with his murder. She is also charged with the attempted murder of another child who was also in the car. Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved. The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April after she failed to wake up one morning. Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain. Matheryn is currently at the Arizona-based Alcor, her brain and body frozen separately at 196C.
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses. Milliken says her research so far has indicated Yelp's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site. The company has vigorously denied the claims in the trailer for the film.
The Bay County Sheriff's Office in Panama City, Florida, has released a video of the March attack that was witnessed by hundreds of people who failed to intervene. So far, two Troy University students, Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
#kyliejennerchallenge is encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses. The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results on Twitter and Instagram.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak. Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets. The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove him from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan'Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. The doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, the dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine.
ISIS claimed credit on Saturday for a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks. But the US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines. The Year Eight student has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident. Her mother Anne Parker has expressed her outrage over the 'ridiculous' situation. The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)'
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30, and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring. Men over 35 have a 50 per cent lower chance of conceiving over a 12-month period than men 25 and under. The risk of miscarriage and premature birth also rises when the man is more than 40. Children conceived by fathers over 40 also have a 30 per cent increased risk of epilepsy.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains a traditional Chinese herb. Sigesbeckia is a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, were travelling through the Kruger National Park, South Africa, when they spotted a struggle between two lions and a Cape Buffalo. The buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches, but headed straight for the road instead before running into the side of the car. A fully grown buffalo can weigh up to 1,750lbs - about half the weight of a VW Golf - and stands six foot tall.
A storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from a farm in southern Minnesota. The canister was worth about $500, and the vials were worth from $300 to $1,500 each. The theft happened sometime between April 1 and 7.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, shared a photo of his son Carter's open-heart surgery scars on Facebook after he found his son crying over his physical appearance. Carter, who has a congenital heart defect, can be seen showing off one of the scars on his chest. His most recent surgery was an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker.
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her. In the lawsuit, unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The former teacher was arrested in February and charged with two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday. This as he selected Duke to beat the favorite Wisconsin Badgers 68 - 63. Sam should now be eligible for the $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to the Maui Jim Maui Invitational college basketball tournament in Hawaii this November, but is too young.
Britain's biggest grocer operated a fleet of five aircraft for its bosses. Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month. Tesco spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of the world between 2005 and 2012.
Driver Sam Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday when the harrowing encounter took place. He hung up on his son so he would think they were disconnected as 'it seemed things were going to get real bad'Storm Prediction Center in Oklahoma says if you're in a vehicle when one comes near that you must 'avoid seeking shelter under bridges'
Maria McErlane and Doon Mackichan visited The Datai Hotel and Resort in Langkawi, Malaysia. The resort was created in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest in 1990. Designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill around Datai Bay, it took three years to complete.
Mark Carney was spotted jogging in Hyde Park in London's Hyde Park. He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt, which features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag at Benazir Bhutto International Airport. She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country. She has been in Rawalpindi prison since March 14 and has been denied bail.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison. Father-of-four admitted nine charges of indecent assault at Guernsey's Royal Court. Judge branded case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant' as he jailed him for 18 months.
Traitor Edward Snowden admits he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked. He admitted only 'evaluating' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. Snowden admitted there had been a 'f***-up' with the way in which some of the information about the NSA and GCHQ, Britain’s intelligence agency, had been released.
Crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead. Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution. By improving access, many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting Walter Scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. Slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer. On Friday, his wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him.
Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign for Eastenders. The former Chicago star has admitted that she's turned down the offer twice before. Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has turned her hand to acting, signing up to four episodes of Coronation Street.
British scientists spent 18 years developing the robotic 'chef' hands. The hands are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat. The £10,000 ($14,000) device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of high-tech kitchen.
The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington. Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne. Danish nonprofit helps train people with autism for careers in IT. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was forced to apologize for saying women don't need to ask for a raise.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old victim was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname 'Freddy' after the Nightmare on Elm Street character.
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill Damian Vanya, 15, after he dumped her for a classmate. She asked a friend to find someone willing to kill him for £1,400 in exchange for 100,000 rubles. But police set up a sting operation, sending one of their undercover officers to pose as hitman. Secret camera filmed the exchange, where the 52-year-old teacher said she wanted the boy to bleed to death before she 'finished him'Simonova faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on Thursday. The British royal, who is currently working in New York, showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat, black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt. The young royal completed her look with a pair of Chelsea boots and carried her favourite Rebecca Minkoff quilted handbag.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government. He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon vows to use surge in support for her party to dictate direction of UK. Calls for an end to austerity, rising benefits payments and the abolition of Trident.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel. Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse. No one was hurt and the damage is expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' on a late-night chat show. The 28-year-old joked that he has spent five years filming in the city. Harington plays the character Jon Snow on the HBO series, which is set to return for a fifth series. Northern Ireland is a principal filming location for Game of Thrones, which has a studio in Belfast. Tourism bosses have leveraged the show's popularity to draw visitors.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, North Tyneside, developed anorexia two years ago. She was so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed. Would lie to her mother about eating and sometimes survive on just a piece of fruit a day. Her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she collapsed at her family home. She has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan at the Arcadia Palms apartment complex in Las Vegas on Saturday evening when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside. Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help. The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental.
Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton's campaign van in a handicapped spot on Thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party officials. Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Harvey Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27. She said the Hollywood producer asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt. The Manhattan District Attorney's office investigated the Italian model's claim, but has decided not to prosecute Weinstein.
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months. She has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa. She said she's been faced with the realisation that much like her native South Africa: ‘The deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population. She slammed Prime Minster Tony Abbott for his 'out of touch' comments that claim Australia could no longer'subsidize lifestyle choices if those lifestyle choices are not conducive to the kind of full participation in Australian society that everyone should have'
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel. It shows how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. The clip has received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago.
Sevdet Besim, 18, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon. He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The second teenager is still being interviewed by police who plan to charge him with a number of offences related to preparing for and planning terrorist acts and possessing prohibited items.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment ‘promptly’The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him, all weighing 8-10lbs.
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ. They looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US. Instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others, they instead used a'specimen-based protocol'This meant they could analyse each individual animal, despite its species, and allowed them to look at differences within each species, as well as between different species.
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast. Within 24 hours he was reduced to a sweating, shivering wreck, gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down. He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work - and even attempted suicide. Malcolm believes the yellow fever vaccine could have dangerous side-effects.
Judge George O'Toole told jurors in the Boston Marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year's race or related events. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others. The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes, starting next Tuesday.
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations. It works by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage. It is already used to treat women with breast cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations.
HBO's Game of Thrones is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series. To celebrate the fifth series, travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain. Most of the upcoming series shot in southern Spain, which stands in for the world of Dorne.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg were superimposed over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb, two men from Brighton who commentate on TV in Channel 4 series Gogglebox. Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with a sceptical face, and Mr Miliband superimposing over London rapper Plan B, issuing a call to ‘come at me bruv’The five party leaders who took part were put in the places of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers in another image - although Mr Farage was hidden behind the Black Ranger, Zack Taylor.
Jordan Speith is four shots clear at the top of the leaderboard at Augusta. The 21-year-old is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final, showcase pairing. Spieth is the man to beat for the top prize of $1.8 million at the $10 million event.
BBC chief technology officer Matthew Postgate says corporation needs to remain'relevant' to a new generation of viewers. He said traditional media groups would have to 'learn lessons' if they want to 'compete with organisations that were born in the digital age', which are not tied to the methods used to produce broadcast TV.
The Queen, 88, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure as she enjoyed her ride. She eschewed a riding helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Nicola Sturgeon left the door open to a second referendum on Scottish independence before 2020. But she refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years, prompting opponents to claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis'In September's historic vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the United Kingdom.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents – draft cards – that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America. That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at charity auction in the Cotswolds. Hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch Clarkson oversee the auction at Chipping Norton. He joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job when he spotted an opening.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying: 'Walter was a dear friend and I miss him every day'
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again. He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School. In 1861, a French physician found a particular part of the brain is involved in language. Damage to Broca's area causes language problems.
Edward Snowden is being 'exploited' under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum, a leading spy analyst has claimed. Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said. He accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, in the Russian Far East. Local guide and photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes. The amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves - lit up by flares and fire-breathing.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show Captain Scott and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912. Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party of Edward Wilson, Lawrence Oates, Edger Evans and Henry Bowers. The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition.
Boy, from Memphis, Tennessee, has amassed more than 3,000 followers on Twitter. Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'In many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances, with captions such as 'High Life'
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss how she developed Tourette's syndrome. She was discussing how she had found love with fiance Jordan - who is deaf - and how they live with both conditions. But in the middle of the pre-recorded interview, Miss Grant suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip, 53. Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed.
Kylie Jenner, 17, is the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan. The reality star is the most talked about member of her famous family. Her style is considered the edgiest of all her family.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori on Tuesday. He was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the bustling market at the heart of the Eternal City.
Tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the Siberian tiger, one of the world's most endangered animals. Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat. The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself. Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013. The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election. West Mercia Police are investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983. It bans candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Students at Wellington College, in Berkshire, spent last year studying a different classic book for their imminent AS-level exam. The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. Billie Jean King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, helped run the former Fiirst Lady's 2008 Women for Hillary Clinton wing. In her 2008 campaign, Clinton did not support gay marriage.
The CYG-11 seaplane was tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane. It uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide. Aircraft is capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Trevor Noah, Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and Matthew Broadrick were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies. Noah's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host.
Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust. He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent. But a family member claims he is 'the happiest he’s ever been' because he is looking forward to becoming a father this summer. The former pupil, 18, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school. She has reportedly been boasting online to friends that she is going to be a mother.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, their daughter Zoha, seven, and their three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry. They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, which is out of character, police said. Mr Malik told his family he wanted to 'go and live in a Muslim country'Radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of banned group Al-Muhajiroun and a 'champion for sharia'
Cheryl Heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher from Florida, is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover, Jack Lindsey, last month. The married mother of three, who has worked at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee since 2005, is being held on $28,000 bail. The arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation after an informant tipped off police that Lindsey has been known to deal drugs.
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday. He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww!'
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like James Alexandrou, 30, an actor best known for his role as Martin Fowler in Eastenders. Letitia Dean, 47, who bears a sisterly resemblance to Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy, 29, and Linda Henry, 52, who looks strikingly similar to Heather Mills.
The 68-year-old told Town & Country Magazine that he plans to stay out of the limelight if and when Hillary Clinton launches her expected presidential bid. He believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning, adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality. 'I've told Hillary that I don't think I'm good [at campaigning] anymore,' he said.
The 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket, carrying a Dragon capsule, thundered off its seaside launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 4:10 p.m. It took place at 4.10 ET from Florida under perfect conditions, after a attempt had to be scrubbed on Monday due to lightning. SpaceX hoped to transform the rocket business by landing the first-stage booster on a platform floating a few hundred miles off Florida's northeastern coast, near Jacksonville. The booster was programmed, following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff, to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed 'Just Read the Instructions'
During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. Allyn Hutton, the superintendent of the local district, said she supported the reading of the book but admitted that parents should have been first notified.
Activists were arrested the weekend before International Women's Day, as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. They face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
Bab al-Aziziya palace, situated in the capital city of Tripoli, lies in a derelict state. Gaddafi ruled for almost 42 years, after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969. He was hounded out of Tripoli and killed by members of the National Transitional Council in 2011.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago, 150 million years after the solar system formed. The collision created the moon, but debate has raged exactly what happened during this event - and a mystery has persisted on why the moon and Earth are so similar in their composition. Two different theories have provided two different theories - one that Theia was similar to Earth, and another that Earth and the moon were showered by debris following the collision. The two theories appear in the journal Nature across three studies - two in favour of the'similar to Earth’ theory, and the other favouring the ‘shower of debris’ model.
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of the payments worth more than £1,000 per year. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs. The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies. The patterns will also be available for printing on iPhone cases after the company has already raised $13,798.
Arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego after joint terrorism task force operation. Three men who were arrested in Minneapolis were already known to authorities, according to reports. A Somali woman said one of her sons was arrested at her house in Minneapolis around noon and the other was arrested in San Diego.
Poland said it is demanding a formal apology from the U.S. over the comments made by FBI director James Comey. James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany. Six million Polish citizens were killed under Nazi Germany's occupation of Poland during World War II. Poland's president Bronislaw Komorowski said Comey's comments showed a 'lack of historical knowledge'
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback. The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past. Femail rounds up the worst offenders...
Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million. It is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest, it has emerged. Bereaved families say they are now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published.
The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received. The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320. 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew members. A thorough search was carried out and sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno. At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday. The woman picked up the 20-year-old, whose face and neck are covered in dark, self-administered tattoos, some with neo-Nazi symbolism. She didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said. He is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday, the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group. The six, whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The complaint says the men planned to reach Syria by flying to nearby countries from Minneapolis, San Diego or New York City, and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped.
Lorna McCarthy, 50, feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death, court hears. Barry McCarthy, 51, found out his wife was using dating websites and confronted her. But she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her, Norfolk Police said. But in the early hours of September 28, she revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship. A little later, he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times, Norwich Crown Court heard. McCarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility. But a jury today found him guilty of murder following an eight-day trial.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London, the leading British centre for treatment of child cancers. They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington. Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier,. described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida,. early on Sunday. He said: 'I had expected to be intercepted on the way.'
Four tourists caught a bronzer shark in New Zealand, dragging the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature. Andreas Rasmussen, Christian Boyum Johansen and Johan Berg are filmed by Emil Fogh, standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal. One person brazenly opens the sharks mouth whilst the other removes the hook.
Alix Bussey, 23, from County Durham, was hit by a car in Riviera Maya. She was on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, at the time of the tragedy. Her family said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they are devastated.
Nadine Coyle and Coleen Rooney have joined forces with Cancer Research's Race For Life. Ahead of the summer runs, the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. The race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided. Lolita Grayson had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990. Alan Grayson's attorney said they were close to reaching a settlement.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7. Labour and Tories need more than half to secure majority. Electoral Reform Society claims result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act was passed yesterday. It allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. It also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. Critics say it is 'open to abuse and is a grievous blow to democracy'
Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls Feel At Home. It covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East. Three claims that about two-thirds of its customers’ overseas trips are now covered by the service.
David Cameron warns recovery will be put at risk by a Labour-SNP'stitch-up'Figures show record 31 million people are in work after increase of more than half a million in past year.
Babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies. Parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess, due later this month, will have to register the birth of their child on The Royal Mint's Facebook page. The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen.
Ahmed Shaheed bought a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria. The 28-year-old fighter from Sydney, showed off his new furry investment on his social media account. The extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet. Unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment, the fighter only confirmed he had bought the tiger cub.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education. He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York. But just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Google claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. It also allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send. Google also launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
Police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in Sydney, including a 22-year-old man who spent the night behind bars after he was found with almost 450 MDMA pills. More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' at the Sydney Showground in Homebush from 10pm on Saturday night until 6am the next morning. Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue. It comes after best friend of a Sydney teenager who died after taking ecstasy at a dance party, pleaded guilty to supplying the drug that allegedly led to her death.
Aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria, with tray tables, seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board. But an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria. Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. When the plane is parked and empty, the device patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself.
Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009. Abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the House of Lords if he was too frail to be brought before court.
Start a plane is ‘a little more complicated’ than starting a car, said Captain Piers Applegarth, a representative of the British Airline Pilots Association (BALPA)If meals are provided by the airline, pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years. The 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of 10 to 50 Russian settlers sent to Oregon's Willamette Valley as farmers to feed the fur trappers on Alaska's Kodiak Island.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio. Wilcox is accused of gunning down is fiance and best friend, who was also armed. Kidder had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try'suicide by cop'Body cam footage shows Kidder aiming at Wilcox as he charged at him and asked him to shoot.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory, can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury, Dr Sally Norton said. Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats, which have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce a person's risk of heart attack or stroke.
Surgeries urged to form into groups of 20 to 30 to ensure one is open on Saturdays and Sundays. Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments through Prime Minister's Challenge Fund.
Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report. Samsung is relying on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts, including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips.
Secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber which dropped the bomb reveal Captain Robert Lewis's immense guilt following the mission. He wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill?
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke on an online dating site. But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder. He said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. That animal preyed on her caring nature'Hawke was jailed for a minimum of 17-and-a-half years after admitting murder in July last year.
Aaron Hernandez is being held in maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Mass. He is being transferred to the Souza Baranowski maximum security prison near Shirley today, say sources. Hernandez is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. It can be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause violent outbursts and paranoia.
Building was built in the 1960s and belongs to Zheng Gong Hospital in Henan Province. Was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project. Hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the building. Building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to make daily 'walk' possible.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon. He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said. The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi. He then allegedly grabbed the manager's neck and slammed him against the bar.
Fast & Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide, ranking seventh with $1.152 billion. Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 came in a close second with an estimated $24 million.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body. She was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. Undescended testes were removed from her abdomen to prevent them from developing cancer; although some doctors now think affected children can be monitored instead. Now uses the first name 'Pidgeon,' doesn't identify as female or male and works as an intersex activist against surgery.
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land a coveted modelling contract with plus-size agency, Bridge Models. The trainee police officer will travel to the Mediterranean to star in Curvy Kate's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue.
Transavia France is selling packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars. The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines and at a cinema. Each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations. Passengers can book one-way flights to Barcelona, Dublin or Lisbon between June 1 and October 24.
Ukip leader says it is a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking. He admits to having a pint most lunchtimes and admits he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'Ukip MPs could prop up a Tory government to keep Ed Miliband out of power, he says.
Eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like E.coli. Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of friendly bacteria.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades. It features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart alongside O’Toole.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet. The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two. Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together.
FEMAIL has rounded up the eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as foolproof as possible. From unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, FEMAIL rounds up the best summer products.
Listening to the right sort of music, including the Beatles, can enhance flavours in certain food and drink, researchers have found. The intensity of Nessun Dorma, performed by Luciano Pavarotti, is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. The high-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in 18th series. This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor. Executive producer Brian True-May said the show 'wouldn't work' if there was racial diversity among its cast.
Sydney social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. One man decided to try his hand a boogie boarding through the floodwaters at what looks to be a local park due to the fact all the beaches were closed. A pair of tradies took advantage of a wet work site to play in the mud.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about a University of Virginia student named Jackie. Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago. A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident doesn't seem to exist. The Columbia Journalism School will release their review of the botched Rolling Stone investigation at 8pm on Sunday.
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex. He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an alleged affair. He hired a private investigator to follow his wife and discovered she was in a relationship with a man named in court as Nicholas Gunn. Mr Gunn had been the postman in the couple's neighbourhood before moving away from the area.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. The remains believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn, a hoarder, and her mother's corpse for at least five years.
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. Her husband's body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and was dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village. Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. This could boost plants’ yields and the income of farmers.
Jehovah's Witness Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy. She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. Her brother David blamed the religion for how his sister died, calling her a 'fool'
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later, said Katie Ingram of Orange County Animal Care. The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
Some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices. Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it.
David Serbeck, 42, was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison in March 2012. His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007 under the guise of playing with his pet snakes. Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old, Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided a corner shop in Cleveleys near Blackpool in October last year. The pair pulled out a'realistic looking' handgun and began waving it in the family's faces. When the couple refused to hand over cash, Munro and Thompson threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed. Munro was jailed for five years and four months, while Thompson was sentenced to three years.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits. Unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving. Those in work will be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in UK for four years.
Biggs divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations in terms of their overall function. 'I continuously heard that people loved their jobs, and sometimes this worried me,' she writes.
Carolyn Ross was looking out for the package to arrive at her home in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. Police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to Ross's home. A hole was cut into the bottom of the rabbit and police found the package. There were two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He allegedly walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane. It is not known if he and Lane are connected or related. Authorities have urged the public not to approach him as he is considered extremely dangerous.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to the USB port of her computer in the Santander bank branch in Palmers Green, north London, allowing fraudsters to remotely access the computer to transfer cash. She admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial this week. Judge Richard Marks QC, the Common Serjeant of London, is due to sentence Ore today.
Don McLean is responsible for American Pie, the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades. American Pie is considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century U.S. social history. The lyrics were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million this week.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island. The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way. On Friday, Dana Dor, her husband Adi, and their boys, Aidan and Brandon, headed from their Lake Ronkonkoma home to meet Chester.
Andrew Anderson, 43,'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near bottom of a pallet. But social worker Julie McGoldrick, 53, grabbed the same one at the same time - and suffered injuries. Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court has now cleared him of any wrongdoing. He said it was not certain that Mr Anderson 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
A green-tinged cloaked figure in a medieval manuscript bears more than a little resemblance to Yoda from the Star Wars films. The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document. But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson. The drawing shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding pointy ears - just like the fantasy character. The Yoda image comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals.
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees. They pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in and ransack it. Norfolk Beekeepers' Association will hold its Bee Health Seminar at Easton and Otley College on May 23.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. He shares the title with his business partner Scott Farquhar after they established software company Atlassian 12 years ago. The five-bedroom property is just metres from 101 acre of parkland at Centennial Park, on the edge of the city and a short drive to Bondi Beach. He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon.
Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee knocked it out of the sky. The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo.
Footage shows Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha being wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops in Chelsea, New York. Video also shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs. Both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. Arrests happened as police were trying to investigate the stabbing of Indiana Pacers star Chris Copeland.
John O'Connor, a former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, said the Holborn fire and the raid could be linked. He said the major power outage and the proximity of the multi-million burglary was far more than a coincidence. The fire started underground just several hundred yards from where the heist took place a few days later.
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday. The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow. Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air. The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds.
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of capital Astana. It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube.
Number of teenagers getting straight As at GCSE has soared by a third in five years. More than 20,000 children passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or an A* grade. Critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy.
Dustin Wayne South, 32, died Wednesday night at the scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School, a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of Louisville, Kentucky. A neighbor said she saw South fighting with a woman in the street in front of her house, just around the corner from South's home. South, weeping, hugged a young boy who was with the couple and turned to leave, but the woman held him back.
Video shows the moment an 'apocalyptic' weather storm struck Belarus. The city of Soligorsk, south of Minsk, was plunged into darkness during the storm. The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
San Francisco is known as America's most European city, possibly because you'll need to pack a fleece even in late July. The road coils up and down cliffs and crosses cavernous gorges for almost 100 miles. Route 1 winds through some of California's most wonderful, ever-changing scenery.
Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. Her health declined this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment, prompting her relatives to arrange for her to receive hospice care at her home. During a recent visit, her sister, Amy Martin came up with a new way to try to get her sibling to smile, nod, or say something. Amy Martin promised her sister: 'If you say 'Florida,' I'll get dad to take us,'
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries. It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs at Blue Dolphin camping site near Filey, North Yorkshire. Her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services. She was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary with head injuries and is in a critical but stable condition.
Alan Rogers, 73, sentenced to hospital order under Mental Health Act and may never be released. Fred Hatch, 76, had bought his wife Enid, 70, 50 yellow roses to celebrate their golden wedding anniversary. But two months later he was brutally beaten to death with a claw hammer by his crazed neighbour. Mrs Hatch said the memory of the bloody scene will'stay with me forever'
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in the family's car outside their Phoenix home on Monday for up to 2.5 hours. Police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks. Owners Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate. The two-year-old grey tabby's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane.
Madonna French kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night. The singer spent at least three seconds making out with the 28-year-old hit maker. Sources say it was merely her lipstick that turned him off, therefore the foul look on his face.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry. Recently researchers suggested that the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses. A new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24, ABC News announced on Monday. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
Claudia Martins, 33, suffocated her newborn baby girl by stuffing toilet paper down its throat. She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid her body in a suitcase. Martins was acquitted by a jury of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin. His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries. Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, gave birth a few hours later to a son.
It's described as the Google-esque HQ of Australia with a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk and a basketball court and pinball machine for some down time. Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room.
Love Is On is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade. The ad is shot in black and white, with just a slick of pink visible on the woman's lips.
Researchers isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of Vác, Hungary. They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. They say the strains all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late Roman period.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54 and Gary Cooper, 45, were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport. They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison. Families of the three men confirmed they would finally be able to return home.
Chris Brugger, 35, relapsed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma in December. The New South Wales leukaemia patient must pay $16,000 every three weeks for Brentuximab Vedotin treatment. The non-taxpayer subsidised treatment can't be distributed on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS)His 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to raise the money needed for his treatment.
Police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
John Dickerson has been announced as the new host of Face the Nation, taking over from veteran broadcaster Bob Schieffer, who announced his retirement last week. Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
Beverley Davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old Ray Warren. But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions. She spent cash on Chinese takeaways, Amazon, eBay, children’s nursery fees, insurance and on mortgage arrears. When questioned by police she claimed her victim was confused and a drinker.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. It meets the minimum road requirements and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. But when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko. The couple told website Living Big in a Tiny House that their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would work with Ed Miliband's left-wing backbenchers. She also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens and Plaid Cymru. Said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis, forcing a Labour minority government to seek SNP support for every single bill.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'She said the offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the House of Commons. Her comments raise the prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support.
Abby Swinfield, 18, from Castle Donington, in Derbyshire, was at a house party in Tamworth. It is thought she took the illegal Class B drug Mephedrone - more commonly known as Meow Meow. Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying Class B drugs, and she has been released on bail.
David Starkey says ethnic groups and disabled people should not 'assume the status of victim'Also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims' after Martin Luther King's death.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 24, and wife Sam, 48, met on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009. Friends liken him to Brad Pitt's character in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse. Says he fell in love with Sam, the most commercially successful female film-maker in history after she directed Fifty Shades of Grey.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000. Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla. He was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern Californian home in the abandoned car following a frantic search for him. Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the car after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
Wedding season is fast upon us, but with the average cost of the big day hitting £25,000, thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. Would you buy your wedding dress from Monsoon or Debenhams? Or would you rather make like the A-list and splash the cash on a timeless Vera Wang or Oleg Cassini gown? FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns.
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at a Queensland pub in December last year. She is also alleged to have carried out a similar attack in the same nightclub last April. Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue. She was granted bail but police prosecutors feared she would re-offend.
Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph during a test run near Mount Fuji. It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous record of 361mph (581km/h). The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail. It hovers four inches (10cm) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets.
Owner Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. He wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety and taken to a nearby animal rescue centre. Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent, 22 miles away from Wendy's farm.
The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said. Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months.
Pensions minister Steve Webb has urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions. He said April 6 was the'starting gun' and not a 'deadline'Yesterday the biggest pension reforms in a century were launched, allowing over-55s to cash in pension pots.
Adam Leheup, 34, was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court. He had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old after meeting her on mobile phone app 'Let's Date'Leheup told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts. He was a technical co-ordinator on the £500million Nine Elms Point Development.
Jeremy Hunt promised crackdown if his party is in power after the election. He said: 'Off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff. So we will stop the abuse as a priority if we form the next government'
Legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of blondes since divorce last year. The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna. He has also been meeting up with British landscape artist Lynne Moore and Eastern European tea hostess Ljiljana Pavicevic.
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube. Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made.
Amanda Lamb stars in the new Air Wick fragrance campaign. The 42-year-old star says that it is the small touches in a home that make a real difference. One in three Brits use home fragrance to transform their humble abode.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to bilateral tibial hemimelia. At 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done for him and he would need to have his leg amputated or fused straight. Luca's parents raised £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery. He underwent a series of operations including one to break his right leg and start lengthening his femur. Now, Luca is walking unaided – without the stints he formerly needed - and can even play cricket and tennis.
Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-0 in the Championship on Tuesday night. Jelle Vossen opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the third minute of stoppage time. Patrick Bamford scored the second goal for the Teesiders in the 63rd minute. Bamford has now scored more league goals in one season than any other Boro player in the last 25 years.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers, urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs. A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon. The White House has pushed back, threatening a presidential veto while warning that the bill could scuttle the delicate talks involving the United States, Iran and five world powers.
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother. His wife, Glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son Ezra because of high child care costs. In the essay he breaks down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family. 'I quite literally cannot afford my wife to be staying at home,' he writes.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband. He 'felt terrible' about not seeing his two-year-old daughter Ava in the evening. He is part of a growing faction of men who are subverting the traditional parental set-up.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past. She proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC’s Andrew Marr Show.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the marathon des Sables. The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. He has raised almost £1m for Marie Curie, previously raising £6.3m for the charity.
Ryan Heritage, 18, from Trowbridge, Wiltshire, posted obnoxious message on Facebook. Told police: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police.
Air Canada flight from Frankfurt to Toronto forced to divert to Shannon Airport. Pensioner was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet. She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into an unplanned landing. On touching down at 8.15pm local time, Gardaí­ and airport police officers were standing by.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. The mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries. Steiner said they were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them.
Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. Next has overtaken Marks & Spencer on profits after decades of snapping at the heels of rival.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic. The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame. And the researchers said the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
Liz Norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost their right leg in the attack. They were hit by shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashed by Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaevs in April 2013. The men, now in their mid-thirties, received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from bombs. They now use prosthetic legs and are said to be living a relatively normal life again. Wahlberg is teaming up with CBS to make a feature film from the most harrowing day of her life.
Both vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates, but while the original van sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the second has blue and white plates of a different design. The Secret Service frequently deploys duplicates of aircraft and cars it uses to transport VIPs – including Marine One, the president's customized helicopter, which usually travels with two decoys.
Wrecks of the James McBride and Rising Sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the Great Lake. The pictures are taken of the shallow waters of the lake off the Leelanau Peninsula near Leland, known as the Manitou Passage. This area alone is home to dozens of shipwrecks, most which were grounded shipping lumber at the turn of the 20th century.
Julie McKenzie, 53, from Bushey, Herts, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back. She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan. The scan revealed Julie's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged.
University of South Carolina student Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, has built a career on impersonating the superstar singer. Elizabeth learned to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star. She still works at parties and even nursing homes, but now her biggest gig is performing with Legends in Concert.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. But when she tried it on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through' from the lining. Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric. Asda apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich. He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
Clem Schultz was reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine. Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour backer, has signed the letter. Others include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the index. Letter backs the lowering of corporation tax by David Cameron and George Osborne as it shows the UK is 'open for business'
CCTV footage has captured a brazen thief allegedly stealing a donation box ahead of ANZAC Day from an RSL club in Melbourne. The woman could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer. The Caulfield RSL general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman.
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, took hundreds of cans of so-called 'hippy crack' at a party. He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon. At an inquest into his death, Torbay Coroner Ian Arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King, from Melbourne, had a face off with a neo-Nazi at the Easter weekend's Reclaim Australia rallies. Mr King said he had spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man and his group was going to attack them. He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack, 21, in Bali last August. The Chicago socialite's daughter will turn over a'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to care for her newborn daughter. Vanessa Favia, attorney for Mack, has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella. The petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who was born in Kerobakan Prison and who has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes.
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy in his hometown of Bengaluru. The Indian palm squirrel, also known as three-striped palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am. Police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste in French resort of Flaine. He was holidaying with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia. It is believed the boy ventured off-piste while trying to find his parents. Police believe he was killed instantly after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed a computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday, Florida. He allegedly altered an administrator's password to alter the image to two men kissing. Green has been charged with 'offense against computer system, unauthorized access' which is a 3rd Degree Felony. He is also suspended from school for 10 days and transferred to a different school.
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School. An investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'improper relations' with two other male students. On Monday, she applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution. The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met. If she is allowed to enter the program, she may have to undergo random urine testing, pay restitution, and submit to psychological, drug and alcohol evaluations.
Actor, 63, hanged himself in August 2014 after suffering from Lewy body dementia. Pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd tells Britain's Channel 5 show Autopsy that the actor may well have been aware of his undetected illness, something which could have exacerbated his paranoia in his final hours. He says Williams' online activity suggested he knew 'there was something else wrong with him… something that he couldn't put his finger on'
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday. He says his sister Alyssa Chang dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night. She promised to pick up the boy in the morning, but she never returned and eventually stopped answering her brother's messages. The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'Less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the magazine, the rapper stars on Paper's latest cover, donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for Adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter North's nickname, Nori. Kanye said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars.
Deborah Steel, 37, was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. She ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire, but her body has never been found. Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as murder inquiry. The search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation.
Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe may be moved to a low security unit, it has been claimed. Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor for the savage killings of 13 women. He is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the 'voices from God' which he blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial. A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead.
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation in 2005. The pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin, taped to the bodies of young mules, on April 17, 2005, and sentenced to death. Since they were refused clemency earlier this year, their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade. Their Melbourne barrister Julian McMahon visited the men last week, and says they are well.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world. The couple, who run a worldwide yoga studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds. Honza is originally from the Czech Republic while Claudine was born in New York.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from her employer, the Countess of Bathurst. The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches, Gloucester Crown Court heard. Her haul included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates worth a total of £500,000. Roberts was told to prepare for a stretch in prison after admitting three charges.
Kylie Gulliver, a former model and actress from Melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years, before a very modern encounter - via Instagram - changed her fortune. The 29-year-old's brand Elliott Label is suddenly the hit of Hollywood, and is adorning the backs of stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL. Robin Antin - dancer, choreographer and founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL - is Kylie's business partner. The two met in what is fast becoming the 21st century norm - through Instagram.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when his mother was diagnosed with leukaemia. Doctors revealed his 'best' friend' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant. Bobby tweeted: 'Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum, I will never be able to thank you enough'
John Allan said Cameron's decision to promise an in-out referendum is 'firmly before the horse'He suggested large firms could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly'David Cameron has promised to renegotiate Britain's membership of the EU before 2017 referendum. But Mr Allan warns this approach risks backfiring as it commits to a referendum regardless of whether a better deal has been struck with Brussels.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander pictured with Brooke Magnanti. The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the Nip festival. Mr Alexander was snapped with Ms Magnati - also known as Belle de Jour.
Man, in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell station this morning. He was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head by a rush-hour train at 9am. The station was shut while medics tended to the man who was taken to hospital.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month old baby boy Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete barrier fell onto their truck as they were driving under an overpass in Bonney Lake, Washington State. The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies. Josh and Vanessa had been married for five years and baby Hudson was only eight months old at the time of the crash.
Duke of York visited paint firm AkzoNobel, based in Slough, today. Made first public appearance since lurid sex claims against him were thrown out by judge. He has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with Virginia Roberts, now 31.
Protests began two weeks ago in Durban, a key port on South Africa's Indian Ocean coast, spreading to Johannesburg. So far six people are believed to have been killed and dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks. South African police responded to the wave of protests by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today.
Rhiannon Langley, from Melbourne, is undergoing a nose job in Thailand. The 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on Instagram and 200,000 on Twitter. She is sharing her experience on social media through pictures and videos. The results of the surgery will be 'quite drastic,' with changes made to the shape and length of her nose.
The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation's board said on Wednesday that future donations will only be allowed from the governments of Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom. The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. The foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading Democrat.
Poppy Moore, 23, wed Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office with only 12 loved ones. The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses, which contained a picture of her father Dean, who died in 2011 aged 43. Poppy was 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in 1993.
Formula One fan arrested after he ran across the track during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix. Man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall. It was reported that the fan then walked into the Ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car.
Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take dummy out by himself. But just hours later he was fighting for his life with a rash stretching from his head to his belly button. He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth where doctors battled to save him. But he was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after. His death has devastated his parents Shannon Summerfield, 17, and Kris Adams, 19.
Bethany Farrell, 23, from Essex, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays. She drowned on her first ever scuba dive after she became separated from her instructor while swimming on the Great Barrier Reef, a week after beginning her gap year. Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances. One of the reviews criticises the way the boat was treated amid the panic, while a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted.
Italian artist AleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' The #briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015. The messages range from the rather cheeky 'My balls [sic] bigger than yours' to the very simple 'No Rape'
Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms, snow, hail and 70mph winds. A ball of lightning then appeared outside the cockpit and a lightning bolt struck the Saab 2000 plane’s nose, and then travelled the full length of the aircraft before leaving its tail.
Julia Ware, 16, admitted to three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury. Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher, all 15, were killed in the accident in Paupack Township, Pennsylvania. Her father, Michael Ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter, endangering the welfare of children and other charges.
Liana Barrientos, 39, married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. The Department of Homeland Security was 'involved' in her case, the Bronx district attorney's office revealed to the New York Times.
Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East. British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors. Julian, originally from Brighton, Sussex, is planning an exhibition of his epic photos.
Austin Bird is a Democratic Party insider who chauffeured Vice President Joe Biden around Davenport, Iowa in October during a pre-election campaign trip. He is a government and community relations coordinator at Genesis Health System, according to his LinkedIn profile. A coworker at Genesis said Wednesday that Bird is 'basically a lobbyist in training'
The rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid. Despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans.
Scottish National Party are most likely to pack speedos on holiday, according to Travelzoo survey. Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as beautiful New Zealand. UKIP supporters are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties with 90 per cent.
Esther McVey has been branded'murderer' in graffiti and had an election song written about her. The employment minister won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436. She has called on Ed Miliband to condemn the'scurrilous' campaign against her.
The 29-year-old is the face of Hotel Summers campaign. Collection includes 15 swimwear pieces, including plunge, bandeau and boost bikinis. Jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board.
Adele Sarno, 85, has lived in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years. Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home. They sent her a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford. She believes the museum is just after more money as her neighbors pay several thousand dollars a month in rent.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet. The idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site. A Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 in a four-page document. Document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London which was used by paedophiles. It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
John and Carolyn Jackson are on trial for abusing their three foster children between 2005 and 2010. The Army major and his wife engaged in 'a regimen of abuse and neglect' with their three young foster children over a period of years that left the toddlers with broken bones and numerous other health problems, a federal prosecutor told a jury at the couple's child abuse trial Monday. The trial marks the second go-round for the Jacksons, whose previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one of the children had died.
Swedish furniture store IKEA have banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas. Problem has got so bad that nappers have taken over more than half of beds in one store in Beijing. One shopper said: 'Yes it may affect customers... but it shouldn't be too much of a problem'IKEA hope to stop Chinese shoppers falling asleep in the stores.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after two operations for a slipped disc. Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her suffering and this was the 'final straw'On Good Friday she left her home in Rowley Regis, West Midlands, after telling her husband she was 'popping out'Hours later her body was found at the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30 with swollen abdomen. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. Opposition leader Mark McGowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at FSH. Health Minister Kim Hames defended FSH doctors' treatment of Ms Tabram.
Tim Farron accused by the dead man's widow Hilary of 'betrayal' over the death. Inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress'Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property. He was vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency.
Valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos. It reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire, known as the 'Doom of Valyria'It was reportedly forged using Westerosi magic and the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the Doom. In the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society, materials scientist Ryan Consell studied which materials could create a similar sword.
Manhattan's Fifth Avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating Easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear. Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on St Patrick's Cathedral.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons, who works at the same call-center operation company she works at. The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month. After receiving her records in the mail, she finally got the answers she's wanted almost her whole life. She reached out through social media to speak with Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
Human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. They found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered during excavations between 1880 and 1992. Human skulls found in the cave had also been extenisvely shaped to create cups or bowls. Archaeologists say the findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder. 'Honestly, I’ve never had any negative thoughts about what I went through,' Jean told Daily Mail Online of her misdiagnosis.
The NCAA championship game ended 4-3 and was played at the TD Garden in Boston. Matt O’Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat. It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday. He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10.
U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth on Monday rejected a defense motion to impose sentences lesser than mandatory minimums on the four. Defense lawyers argued for mercy but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility.
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman's pursuit of two women. He mounted his play at Drury Lane Theatre in London on December 13, 1727, claiming that it was a re-working of an original by the Bard and that he had three original texts. His claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century, including from the great poet Alexander Pope, who had considerable clout. A new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, is accused of trying to murder his wife Mandy, 47, with a seven inch kitchen knife. He stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman. A close friend told how he had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his wife. Mandy suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso, chest, arms and back.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in February 2014. One of the children later died from their injuries. Keaton, who was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time, was indicted by a grand jury in February.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after Ali 'liked' one of her pictures. The pair have now been dating two years and live in Milton Keynes. Ali, 26, helped to teach Lydia, 27, how to train hard and eat clean. The couple have large followings on Instagram with Lydia boasting 194,000 followers.
A resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of a car they believed belonged to an outsiders. 'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read. 'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!'
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's party. Rob Gaskell, also 24, tattooed the words 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back. Josh only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror.
Exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life. Lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs - meaning our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen. Findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, faces eight possession of child pornography counts. Georgia native admitted to trading and receiving child pornography earlier this month. Two days after his interview with police, he fled the country, possibly returning to his native country.
An Australian government report suggests carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola. Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions, of which carbon dioxide plays a large role. The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent, but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would be investigating two firms. B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people. Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients. Both companies sold the records despite not carrying out checks on Mail’s bogus cold calling firm.
Prime Minister accused the SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger'He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. But he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit. Mr Cameron's blistering attack comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute, investigators said. He allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said. Investigators found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf in the doctor's home.
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK. He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money. David is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky.
Osborne House on the Isle of Wight is on the market for £625,000. It was at the beach there that she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine, and that all of her children learned to swim. She would travel to Portsmouth by train and then by ferry to Ryde.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites. In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision. He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
School prefect Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome. Doctor Who and Sherlock fan had desperately wanted to fit in at school and built up a small circle of friends. Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody.
Today marks 81 years since the notorious 'Surgeon's Photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness. To celebrate, Google has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway. The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster. Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the images.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood claiming he was God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon.
'Plus-size' model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for Fashion Week. Wells lived with a group of standard'skinnier' models during her stint working in New York. She says their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'Wells' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk, with agents and fashion houses facing fines and imprisonment if they don't comply.
A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000, and 177 received more than £200,000. Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, wed in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities, and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other, dressed in opulent traditional attire on gilded thrones in the Throne Chamber of the Istana Nural Iman palace.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts. Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings. Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. David Ortiz hit a solo homer for Boston to break a three-all deadlock in the 16th inning.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the horrific crime. Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstmann were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in Perth, WA in December 2013. Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. Cameron's behaviour was'sadistic' and he went on a 'killing spree', prosecutor James MacTaggart said.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints. Gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again. If the player missed the girl she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies.
Ryanair and Aer Lingus have taken to Twitter to engage in some light-hearted banter. Ryanair shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in Dublin Airport. Aer LingUS responded to Ryanair's post by saying 'Fly from T2 at @DublinAirport to central locations across Europe. T1 gets you nearly there, we get you really there'
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection.
Russian supermodel, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January, saying she felt 'ugly standing next to the wrong man'Linda Farrow eyewear's Spring Summer 15 campaign was shot in Los Angeles by Mariano Vivanco.
Contest held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic, Russia. It is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. Dogs have to rely on scents and traces of the animal to find it within two minutes.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in Battle, Sussex. But the 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity Age UK to clear it out. Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. The great-grandmother says: 'My son Peter didn't think I was going to make it, so he just upped and tried to sell everything. I can't believe he could be so cruel'
Three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East, Cameron says. He says the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just 'on the screens of the City of London'There are 2million more people in work than in 2010, and the Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts. Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole. The two were neighbors at a Stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed 'The Zoo'
The search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage. The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis', Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said. The search for the missing plane has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Callum Ryan, 21, is running eight marathons in each of Australia's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late, treasured childhood friend, Malachy Frawley. The University of Sydney student has committed himself to the incredible endeavour in memory of a Malachy, who brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life, showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition Hypoplastic Right Heart Syndrome. Callum is raising funds for HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects.
During the encounter on Thursday, Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras. Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mark Reckless faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority in Rochester and Strood. Ukip convert Mark Reckless is on course to lose the seat at the General Election. Reckless became Ukip’s second MP last November after Nigel Farage defected.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'The potential Republican presidential contender will be kicking off what his team has dubbed a 'Tell it like it is' town hall tour in Londonderry, New Hampshire.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married. Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position. But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, left his parents house and became an ISIS jihadist in Syria. He has been busy writing advice about 'dealing' with wannabe jihadi brides and social media.
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down. Video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen.
Jennifer Lopez's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze. It caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt, who revealed that it was his inspiration for creating Google Images. Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin – like all other successful inventors – kept iterating. They started with images, because people wanted more than just text.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon. Baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth. Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
Man was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol. Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway. In the video, the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his T-shirt. Most sound from the incident seems to be muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window.
Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia. Red sky came with a light misty drizzle mixed with a strange black mud-like residue.
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power. Gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
Locals discovered the dead pair, believed to be in their mid to late 20s, in a public park in Haryana state, around 30 miles south of New Delhi. Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk, while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Dame Helen Mirren said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s. The 69-year-old actress was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold. She said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women. Said that men had a 'Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like' kind of attitude.
Allegations that Scott's family wanted nothing to do with Sharpton were published by the New York Daily News. Sharpton said a report that the family wanted him gone to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' is 'bogus'He also announced that he would head to North Charleston, South Carolina, to preach and attend a vigil.
The burnt material, which includes approximately just over four ounces (118g) of cremated bone, was uncovered by Oxford Archaeology. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. Find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming.
Random Darknet Shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web. Items included trainers, jeans, cigarettes, a set of masterkeys and a DVD case containing 10 ecstasy tablets. Police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased. Project was set up to highlight dilemmas that can be thrown up by dark net markets.
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday. Another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. Bullet struck the baby boy in the face and he was rushed to hospital. It is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy. Now, police are trying to determine where the gun came from and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday. That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews has failed to name the leader of terrorist organisation the Islamic State on the ABC's 7.30 program. Mr Andrews said he was unable to do so for 'operational reasons'He said Australian troops would not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle. Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced the deployment of 330 Australian and 100 new Zealand troops to train Iraqi soldiers.
Peter Fox, 26, arrested at Euston Station in London this morning on suspicion of murders. Bernadette Fox, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27, were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle, Merseyside. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed, police said. Police released CCTV images of Peter Fox leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm on Wednesday.
Footprints found at Ileret in Kenya are the oldest human footprints in the world. They were made by Homo erectus - an extinct species of early human that disappeared around 200,000 years ago. The prints were left by a species with a similar bipedal stance and gait to modern humans, with a pronounced arch and short toes.
Images show the sandstorm sweeping its way across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates and reaching as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days. It caused chaos across the area's major cities including Riyadh and Dubai, where some locations were reduced to zero visibility. More than 450 Saudi Arabian Airlines flights were cancelled between Wednesday and Friday - which equals 33 per cent of the carrier's 1,526 scheduled flights.
HBO has warned users, who are watching popular TV shows such as Girls that will be cut off on April 21. Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology, which alters their IP address to bluff their way around geographic restrictions. Foxtel is charging Australians around $45 a month to access TV favourites such as Games of Thrones.
Astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials. This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France. A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior.
Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't. The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's order to appear in court and allow the circumcision favored by the child's father, Dennis Nebus, to go forward.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight. Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat – with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester. Father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland. He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia.
David Cameron and wife Samantha made a colourful visit to Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent. Couple joined a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech. He told the audience the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia. The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics. The Queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape.
The cougar, known as P-22, was found in the crawl space of a Los Feliz home on Monday. He is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013.
The study was spawned by the mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured. At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years.
Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq, who are desperately missing Western treats. One fighter, using the Twitter handle Jannahtain, posted a photo of a Burger King Whopper burger and stated: 'That moment when a bro your (sic) helping cross the border into (Syria) asks you if you need anything from Turkey'Another photo showed Pringles, Kinder chocolate, Oreos, M&Ms and pre-mixed cans of mojitos.
Live With Kelly & Michael co-host, 44, wore a frown as she left her NYC apartment on Tuesday. The former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans. The day before the New Yorker tweeted her condolences for Dr Brandt, 65.
Number of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter (24.1 per cent) from the year before. Value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million, according to Kantar Worldpanel. Analysts say it suggests women are 'tending towards a more natural look'
Kingsley Burrell, 29, died in police custody on March 31, 2011, four days after he was arrested and sectioned in Birmingham city centre. He was sectioned under the Mental Health Act, and died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QE)Inquest into his death at Birmingham Coroner's Court heard his claims that police beat him, and left him handcuffed for six hours.
Peggy Siegal said the Academy did not want 12 Years A Slave to win because it was not patriotic enough towards the US. She said that a victory for Steve McQueen would paint the US in a bad light. The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website.
Scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold. The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them. Team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
Police in Florida are investigating a possible road rage incident after a woman filmed a man throwing a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while driving his van. Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle. She followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings. Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
Beatrice Tollman made donation of £20,000 to the Tories earlier this month. But it has emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax. Her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion on same day in 2008. He repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America after couple spent five years fighting extradition.
Dave Brockie, 50, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. A medical examiner determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. The lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of GWAR swiped Brockie's guitars, artwork, a gold record, tour souvenirs and even his ashes.
Camilla Parker-Bowles, 67, married Prince of Wales in April 2005. Camilla was the most hated woman in Britain, loathed for her role in the break-up of the Prince and Princess of Wales' marriage and vilified for everything from her dress sense to her looks. But 10 years on, things are looking very different for the Duchess of Cornwall.
William Tyrrell, three, disappeared from his grandmother's house in Kendall last September. Police believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring and are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace'William's parents have released a video pleading for their missing son's return and home videos of the boy. William's mother has begged kidnappers to show her son care and love if the little boy is still alive. William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing outside in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall.
David Cameron has called on people to 'feel proud to say this is a Christian country'Hailed the Church as a 'living, active force doing great works' for the poor and homeless. Praised bishops for their 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be'
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago. Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force. Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
Last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F above the average for the 20th century. This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F. It follows earlier announcements from US government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history.
Jameela Jamil spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. Tests showed she had high levels of mercury in her blood and her fillings were pinpointed as the cause. Amalgam has been used for more than 150 years and every year 12 million fillings are given to patients in Britain.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitakyushu, Japan. He dresses up as iconic sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.
Rose Byrne, Gracie Otto, Krey Boylan, Shannon Murphy and Jessica Carrerea have launched their very own all female film production company called The Doll House Collective. The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects. Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women, and said the speech she gave in a TED talk about benefits of having women in companies was inspirational.
Kyle Major, 14, from Blackpool, Lancashire, punched Paul Walker, 52, in the back of the head. The father-of-two was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in the early hours of New Year's Day. Major followed his victim who had just asked his group of friends for directions. He was ordered to be detained for three years after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels. This energy can be used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can then use their stored supply for power.
The Park Hyatt New York hired First Lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez. The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong, when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by their dog Smash on April 1. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin. Gavin was hospitalized at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle for six days following the attack and was released late on Tuesday.
Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress -- and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn. Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace. His wife Alena says she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
Annah Sophia Stevenson, 26, from New Zealand, ordered a Big Mac for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at McDonald's in Blenheim, New Zealand on Saturday. After taking three bites of her burger she found something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth. McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation.
Ten friends from the East Coast and San Francisco rented a house on Caspar Cove to dive for abalone. Five of them went out on Sunday - three died. Witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings.
Chanel, 19, says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks. Claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
Goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year. One of its greatest assets is the food.
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, was speaking at a hustings event. She said wearing wristbands would help doctors, lawyers and police officers. Ms Fernando, a barrister for 12 years, insisted her comments were 'taken out of context'Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has slammed her'shocking' suggestion.
The green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million. Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving. The crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings in China.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet. It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift. He only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli. He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation. The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011. Her skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in Panama two years after she disappeared.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham warn NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of Tories in government. They said there had been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS over the past five years. If standards continued to decline at the current rate then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in A&E and long waits to see GPs. Ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961. Couple splurged the cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying. But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at the wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965. She managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle, but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market. Her family confirmed she passed away yesterday following a long battle with the brain disease.
Daniel, five, tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the ‘best’ in the £2.7m home. The comment was made during an ITV interview in which the Milibands cook eggs. It is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign – once for a BBC profile, again for an interview on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, a third time for a campaign visit in Blackpool over Easter, and again this evening on ITV.
Syrian Journey game is available on the BBC website. Players are tasked with escaping Syria and making it into Europe. Game often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, hanged himself at his Miami home on Sunday. He was found dead at his Coconut Grove mansion by his housekeeper who called 911 at 9.17am. Dr Brandt has a resemblance to Dr Franff, a character on Tina Fey's Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, according to sources close to the doctor.
Greece has demanded more than £200billion in compensation from Germany for Nazi atrocities during the Second World War. The government yesterday unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations stemming from occupation by the Third Reich. Greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands Adolf Hitler’s forces in 1941.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, gave birth to James Hunter the next day. The baby boy was born weighing eight pounds and seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth. Sarah had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her toned abs.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram. UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe.
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester. He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat. Two beef burgers weighing 220g, a layer of homemade bacon jam, 100g of ham chunks and a whole battered and fried chicken thigh.
Prince Harry visited the tiny township of Wuggubun in Western Australia on Monday. He is currently on a month-long secondment with the Australian Defence Force. He visited the tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra before reporting for duty.
Singer-songwriter's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5m (£1,006,303) at auction. McLean, 69, a longtime Maine resident, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'American Pie was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3. Both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months working as cleaners. The quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick brown fur.
Brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month. They were hospitalized on April 6, within hours of each other, after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana. The drug is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. They collapsed after suffering from hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. The pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug, and were able to return home on April 13.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations. The pamphlet includes a bilingual card - that some are calling a 'get out of deportation free card'The booklet details President Barack Obama's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policies, which have been placed on hold by a court order.
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting some grey hairs in his beard. She captioned it'silver fox' due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard, and he's not the only one. From old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered Hollywood hunks, men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look. Celebrity stylists say celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014. 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million and 1.4million for multi-vitamins. Critics branded the prescriptions for regular bathroom cabinet items such as Vaseline, Calpol, suncream and toothpaste as 'ludicrous'NHS is facing a huge black hole in its finances, with chief executive Simon Stevens predicting there will be a gap of at least £8billion in its annual budget.
Teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'She has gained over 400,000 fans on her Chinese social media account Weibo - a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook. The girl reportedly had the surgery in an attempt to win back an ex boyfriend.
Herald Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, and $4.5million on his second wife, Toni Bertolet. He forged her signature and made himself the sole beneficiary on the policy, according to his sister-in-law, Grace. She said that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy he had taken out on her, too. 'He profits, not my girls. I feel he came in and just preyed on my vulnerability,' she said.
The fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat. Chipotle, which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year, only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen.
Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, belonged to a dance troop called Jaula das Gostozuedas. Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'Footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times.
A group of artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden, the former US spy agency contractor famous for leaking classified information, in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning. The artists spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year-old whistle-blower who has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013. Park-goers rushed to document the impromptu art installation before it was removed.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months. The 20-year-old was five months pregnant when she went into the coma, and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family calls Baby L. Baby L is doing well, but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865. Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining.
Four large orange banners bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were unveiled near the explosion sites on Tuesday morning. They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured. Mayor Walsh has declared April 15 'One Boston Day,' on which Bostonians are encouraged to perform random acts of kindness and generosity.
Herminia Garcia, 53, charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years. Her partner Nick Cousins, 57, was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged Blanca's birth had not been registered, but he has not been charged and is on bail. Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from the luxury Hong Kong apartment block where she lived on Tuesday in an apparent suicide. It has emerged her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, was never registered.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system. Comes less than six months after she told Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants. Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date.
Kevin Dixon took friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out. He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal. Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering. He was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield. His girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook saying 'he was going to end it'Joshua had been suffering relationship problems with his 'on-off' girlfriend.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI. Being obese (with a BMI of 30 plus) did even better; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia. Being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia, is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill. The new amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender. Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms, sometimes when men are even going to the bathroom right behind her.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday. Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. Six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room''They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a Range Rover parked outside a house in Woodford Green, north London at 3.20am on Sunday. Just seconds later, he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window. Metropolitan Police are now appealing for information in a bid to trace the thief. Keyless car thefts are on the rise in London with 6,000 in the capital last year.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. She was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search. Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle with white powder packed into the garments. It's estimated the drugs found in her panties have a street value of more than $73,000.
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about fly-tipping. He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded. He said: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party'Mr Roberts said he was shocked by the 'petty' reply.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January. The page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians. Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't. And the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture.
Jericho Scott, 16, was killed in a drive-by shooting in New Haven, Connecticut. His friend Justin Compress, 20, was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is in stable condition. A third man, 19-year-old Tyreese Little, may also have been involved, according to WFSB.
Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna are getting smaller. It's seemingly part of a strategy across the retail industry that enables manufacturers to increase profits without putting up prices.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment at 16. But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it. Her full op, scheduled for January 2013, was called off and she returned to living as a young man. Now, having realised she can't go on as a man again, she is working as an escort to fund her dreams.
White female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows'Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking. But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s', which was captured by a fellow student.
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored a stunning 66-yard strike against Chelsea. The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot. Adam noticed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line. The shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling Courtoes was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. In the video, her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats while his wife narrates their removal from the flight. Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation.
Stephanie Flanders broke her silence over her fling with Ed Miliband, describing it as 'fleeting and very costly'Made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004. In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’Miss Flanders accused the media of ‘raking over’ Mr Miliband’s past in the run-up to the election.
The Queen, 89, is celebrating her 89th birthday today. Her Majesty is a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding in Windsor Great Park. Last week, she was spotted watching her filly Ring of Truth at the Newbury Races.
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile, the world’s only prison-based tech incubator. The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside’
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner. The TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security. Denver Police Department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified.
Margaret Hesketh, 70, went in to Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan last year. She had an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia and was in 'poor general health'Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive. A Macmillan nurse allegedly told the family she had less than three months to live.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods on Tuesday. The 33-year-old was arrested at the Knightsbridge store in Knightsbridge, London. He has been bailed pending further enquiries by the Metropolitan Police.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother. Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20, meaning the Morley household now has three children under 20 months. The Morley's released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place.
Nigel is twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip. The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, poll found. Three names most likely to vote Tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton has heard from alleged victims who suffered at the hands of nuns and priests who ran the Neerkol orphanage. Claims ranged from being raped by a broom handle to being gang raped to being forced to drink their own urine. A woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age. A retired nurse said she was punched and slapped repeatedly, and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place.
Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3. The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. He will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24.
Conversation Sparks blog has been turned into a book by Chronicle Books. The book includes hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat.
Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and Vancouver police. The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel, but he was left uninjured. He has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film Deadpool.
Uriel Miranda, 38, and his two children, Yordi Miranda, 8, and Yaretsi, 2, were killed after their SUV rolled over on a highway. The car, which was carrying 12 passengers, crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the Florida Turnpike. Authorities said Uriel and the toddler were not wearing seatbelts. The driver and a 7-year-old boy were treated at a hospital and released.
USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said on Thursday.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3. The newly-opened terminal will be used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers. To save money, the airport installed these cushioned running tracks, which also include directional information.
Joanna Flynn, a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, Canada, was arrested on Thursday. It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada. The name of the patient has not been formally released, but the husband of Deanna Leblanc, 39 from Midland, said she was the alleged victim.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday. It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film.
Emma Watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of. Her career began when she landed the roll of Hermione Granger alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 2001. Emma was just 11 when she joined the cast of Harry Potter And The Philosopher’s Stone as the geeky but loyal Hermione Granger. She was catapulted to fame after the adaption of the JK Rowling book grossed $317m (£214m) worldwide.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by hackers who encrypted their computers' files using a malware program called CryptoLocker. They were forced to pay a $500 in Bitcoinransom to recover the files. Police Chief Timothy Sheehan said: 'It made you feel that you lost control of everything. Paying the Bitcoin ransom was the last resort'
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold and perilously close to death. He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to their Southridge centre in Hertfordshire.
Melbourne-based actor Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant about her neighbours. She dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to her neighbours because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door after they had been quiet for an entire week. But after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy'He said only the deaf and 'those buried in the cemetery' would have any concerns with noise coming for his home.
Brendan Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan were ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at Blackburn magistrates' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden. The pair had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish, but the house was left to rot.
Henry Howes got stuck in claw game at the Snowdome leisure centre in Tamworth, Staffordshire. The four-year-old had just finished a swimming lesson with his brother Harvey, nine. He put his hand inside the machine's hatch, but when he reached too far, slipped under the trap door. Henry was trapped for half an hour as workers searched for keys to the machine.
The 44-year-old man had recently returned to the UK from a holiday in Algeria. He wanted to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division. A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police told MailOnline Travel: 'The male was advised that this was not a police problem'
Ukip candidate Kim Rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls. Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes - a criminal offence known as 'treating'Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous', adding voters in marginal seat were unlikely to 'change their mind for a sausage roll'
Sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than others, a recent study claimed. Researchers analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted between 1973 and 2009. Genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation (46 per cent) than for adult rape.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the girl in 2012. He asked her to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts, court heard. Father-of-one, of Chester-le-Street, County Durham, was jailed for 18 months at Durham Crown Court. He is currently suspended from practice and faces a General Medical Council investigation.
Spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers. However, your beautiful bouquet might look stunning to begin with, but it will soon fade in just a few days. Using some simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your blooms last a lot longer. From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, we've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance. The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex, Melissa, declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
Kim, Kanye and North arrived early on Monday in Jerusalem for North's baptism ceremony. The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. Khloe Kardashian was also on the trip, and acted as North's godmother.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça this week. The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'Their songs feature violent imagery, including a video of singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her alter ego to a violent assault.
Sonia Morales was pregnant when her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth, but Sonia and her husband Rony decided to 'keep her no matter what'Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
Police in Hoexter, Germany are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of the doomed Germanwings flight to get free flights to southern France. The airline's parent company Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after the March 24 crash in the French Alps which killed all 150 people on board. The woman flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins. Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce deficit. He said the Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners – but refused to rule out cuts. Mr Gove said: 'There is a huge amount of welfare spending that can be reduced without having any impact on people who have disabilities'
Jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens with classmates from Rockland, Massachusetts, to see the ancient world. He fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear. Quirk's death follows that of Joshua Rose, a 17-year-old student at the school, who died suddenly on October 1. Patrick Sullivan, 17, was killed in a three-car pileup on New Year's Eve.
Leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts said customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May' due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply'The memo was seen by Rhiannon Williams at The Telegraph. An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's.
The video was captured at Whipsnade Zoo, near Dunstable, Bedfordshire. It shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path - five of which walk in single file. As the first three elephants move from the shot, the fourth – a smaller elephant – is flanked by a baby. The baby elephant stops to dawdle and picks something up from the floor with its trunk.
The 918 Spyder is a limited edition supercar, with the company planning to manufacture only 918 units in 2015. The video depicts the car rocketing down a dead-straight stretch of unrestricted road in the outback. The car is driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ mode.
Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater when RSPCA inspectors found her. Teenager admitted causing unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, is home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000. Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. The town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year. Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication. Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol. The 43-year-old married businessman, who lived in Peterborough with his wife and children, would pursue his interest ‘away from his home and family’, using his restaurant as a ‘focal point’He was convicted of the charges against him by a jury at the Old Bailey in five hours. He was remanded in custody and faces a long spell behind bars when he is sentenced on May 15.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer. He was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, his alma mater.
Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions. The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
Video shows a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in Syria. Radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles. All of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State. Video believed to have been filmed at the St Simeon's Church, around 60 km from the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Sign has been erected outside a university building in Portugal Place in Cambridge. It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building used by the Greek Orthodox Church. But one expert said there were grammatical errors in the Greek warning. He said: 'It's definitely trying to be ancient Greek but it's not quite'
Mohammed Emwazi, now known as Jihadi John, planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia, it has been claimed. But he changed his mind after two of his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members. Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos.
French photographer Floriane de Lassee has captured the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people. In her photography project, Inside Views, she spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home on Washington Avenue about 3 p.m. on Friday. The fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house. Mann is believed to have been asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat, however police have not commented on the cause of death. Mann was a popular and active UMW junior who was majoring in history and American studies.
Discount chain Aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third. It's believed Aldi is luring customers away from Tesco, offering a smaller range but cheaper prices. Aldi overtook Waitrose as Britain's sixth biggest supermarket with its performance in the first three months of 2015.
Stephanie Scott's body was discovered in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW on Friday. Her remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney, and an autopsy will be carried out this week. The 26-year-old Leeton High School teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton  from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Letizia, 42, made an appearance at the Woman Awards at Madrid Casino. The mother-of-two also unveiled a glamorous new bob haircut. Letizia also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award. The actress brought her seven-year-old daughter Valentina to the ceremony.
Mandy Fortuna, 21, suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms using Botox off-label. The last set of injections occurred on September 5, 2014, approximately three weeks prior to her death, according to a press release put out last week. The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Scott Benjamin.
The collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made. The auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of Star Trek actor George Takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child.
Gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals. Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa. Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development, which makes it hard for her to socialize. Her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP. So her mother went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls Mackenzie's age to stop by their family home to celebrate.
Newington College in Stanmore in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case. He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S later this year in favour of the iPhone 7. Claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors. He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook. Force Touch is the'most significant new sensing capability' since Multi‑Touch. It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly.
Dogs can detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy when sniffing men's urine samples. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW. The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR. Her husband Alan posted a heartbreaking tribute to his wife on Facebook. He said: 'At this stage I do not know what to say, there are no words to express my sadness and devastation for our family'
Richard Graham, who is fighting to retain marginal seat of Gloucester, faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the Twitter posts. Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘whipping up local feeling’ about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January.
Palaeontologists led by the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001. One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail. They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail. The team theorised that like birds, small feathered dinosaurs such as oviraptors used long feathers on their tails to attract mates, rather than for flying.
Rebecca Sedwick, 12, leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013. The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, then 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13. Both girls, who were students at Crystal Lake Middle School, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots. Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself'But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages. Rebecca's family has now filed a lawsuit naming Sheriff Grady Judd and Deputy Jonathan McKinney.
Miss Wendy serenaded the judges with a rendition of 1970s classic Feelings. It is believed that a false mouth was placed on Miss Wendy's face, which is triggered by a remote control. Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog, while ITV received a further 35. RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain’s Got Talent 'to ascertain what methods were used'
Three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government have been executed in a shocking new video, Islamic State has claimed. Footage shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria, as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them. Comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Sidonie, a well-known band from Catalonia, sang an impromptu song aboard a Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain. Lyrics read: 'Ryanair, how we like Ryanair, and its flight attendants, they could not be nicer'Ryanair is famous for complaints about its customer service and surcharges.
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away. Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally. Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy, after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon (also known as Rangoon) with minimal explanation. Despite a reported population of 924,000, the city's streets are barren and it's rare to see more than a couple of people at any given time. Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the city, which looks more like no man's land than a booming metropolis.
Noelle Reno, 31, is the former fiancee of Scot Young who fell 60ft from his home last year. The tycoon was killed after falling from his multi-million pound apartment onto railings. He had been involved in one of the UK’s most acrimonious divorce cases with his ex-wife Michelle. He claimed to have lost all of his money in a mysterious Russian property deal.
Sarah Owen, 21, was attacked by her boyfriend Preston Wright, 23, with a knife, then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman, Oklahoma. Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 Madra Street when the argument escalated. Officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house.
Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers to not be discouraged by the increased sight of the unusual sea creatures. Thousands of visitors who will soon flock to the UK's beaches have been told to look but not touch jellyfish they will inevitably see.
Julie Walters, 49, jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted official. She posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes. She admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court. Today, police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside complex where she targeted two residents.
Raiders used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and break into a jewellery shop. They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises. A passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals, and police have appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around, punching, kicking and jumping out of bed. Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
Stars have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed and they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure. FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
Around 1.3 billion Chinese people marked the Qingming Festival, a three-day holiday in China, by watching parades and travelling home. A record-breaking 36.5 million passenger trips were made over the weekend and public holiday - up 5.8 per cent on last year and an all-time high.
Air Malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport. Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast. The special flight was to celebrate the marriage of a pilot to a member of cabin crew.
Flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building at Warwick Castle yesterday. Holidaymakers had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from a wooden trebuchet – the largest working siege machine in the world. But sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse, causing it to erupt into flames. Thatched building, which overlooks the River Avon within the castle grounds in Warwickshire, was unoccupied at the time and has now been completely destroyed by the flames. Up to 30 firefighters attended the incident and fire chiefs confirmed no one was injured by the blaze.
Puren - who has died aged 96 - was the youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in February. He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Todd Phillips was struck at full speed as he flagged down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay. Amazingly Phillips only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London. Kate stayed at the hotel the night before her wedding to William in 2011. Prince William had left pregnant Kate and son George in London while he undertook a week-long tour of the Far East. His visit to China was one of the most high-profile tours of his fledgling royal career.
Brigham and Women's Hospital announced Monday that Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, heart surgeon Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead by a deceased patient's son. Dr Davidson, 44, from Wellesley, Massachusetts, was killed by Stephen Pasceri, 55, on the morning of January 20 and passed away late that evening. His wife, Dr. Terri Halperin, a mother of fourth, said in a statement her late husband was looking forward to meeting his new baby daughter.
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming. It comes ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith has expressed regret that the party cannot 'get rid' of the Trident nuclear deterrent. Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident, which preserves a round-the-clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike. The party has committed to maintaining the deterrent in its election manifesto.
Mr Miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent according to pollsters Ipsos MORI. David Cameron is seen as a better leader and is also ahead for having 'a clear vision' for the country.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum in Kingston. He is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc to discuss energy and security.
Model Chrissy Teigen showed off her stretch marks in an Instagram post this week. Singer Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a charity event. The singer said that she was happy with her body and was not worried about her weight.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany. He is now living in a house with a group of English speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and Australia. Like Hamza, all his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor, with several of them taking to social media to voice their annoyance.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country. It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City. The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements. McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and Maureen McDonnell to one year and a day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals. McDonnell argues that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to 'official acts' covered by federal bribery law.
Crowds gathered in Hyde Park this afternoon as part of annual '420' event. It is a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws. More than 50 people were arrested at today's event in London, with 16 taken into custody.
Anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed in Melbourne and Sydney. Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne were separated by police. Several people were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest. The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification. The halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk. The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch. His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Staff at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties for no extra money. Union claims workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working for the 'country's richest family'Main role includes meeting and greeting visitors, conducting security searches, telling people about the history of the Castle, and handing out free audio guides. But they are also asked to lead paid-for tours, carry out first aid and speak foreign languages to overseas visitors.
Liam Dawe, 21, was shaken at four weeks old and suffered serious and on-going health complications. He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis'He developed cerebral palsy, epilepsy and visual impairment as a result of the assault.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate, with Dylan and her Paul, 44, confirming to People on Wednesday afternoon that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'A spokesperson for the couple added to the outlet that 'her parents, fashion icons Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation'
Tanguy Pepiot, a runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon. But Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel. Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya. The number of migrants dying in the Mediterranean has increased ten-fold this year.
Britain increased its aid budget by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014, according to report. Britain's aid budget is now nearly double France's and ten times the level in Spain.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked, but might not be frequently cleaned. Festival-goers should take steps to avoid catching diseases like Norovirus and Salmonella, as well as conditions like hepatitis A, influenza, and Shigellosis.
Foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center. Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population. The majority of the 40 million US-born African Americans trace their heritage to African ancestors brought to America as slaves.
Esher and Walton is home to Gary Lineker, Frank Lampard and Mick Hucknall. Average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary. Other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include Windsor and Beaconsfield.
Google Wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users' funds as they will now be federally-insured. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $250,000. Currently, Google's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC.
Bodies of young army recruits of Camp Speicher were slaughtered by ISIS militants last summer. They were marched through Tikrit, once Saddam Hussein's stronghold of support, for the 'crime' of being Shi'ite. 'Dozens' of ID cards belonging to the army cadets were found at the late dictator's presidential compound last Wednesday. First of 12 mass graves on the banks of the Tigris River began to give up their terrible secrets today.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the US. Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest. Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile. He appeared on US reality series The Real Housewives Of New Jersey and counted members of the cast among his clients.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old Casino teenager must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery. He has accumulated close to the target on his GoFundMe page with less than a day to go.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed Kevin Rivera, 21, in Brooklyn, New York, home on Sunday. Amber Diaz and her ex-boyfriend reportedly got into a dispute at their home in the early hours of Sunday. The couple, who have a baby daughter, Aeralye, together, had just returned to the apartment after celebrating first birthday. Diaz wanted to break up the fight, and allegedly stabbed Rivera with a knife, before fleeing the scene. Mr Rivera was rushed to Woodhull Medical Center, but despite medics' best efforts, was later pronounced dead. Diaz has been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon in relation to the killing.
Eight judges of the European Court of Human Rights found Russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws even though he went to live there more than 20 years ago. Robert Muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations. But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011.
Police say they are powerless to act as the age of criminal responsibility in England is ten. The girl's mother says school officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class. She says she has now been forced to move the girl to a new school.
Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, left his 92-year-old mother with bruises on her face and a cut on her wrist. He admitted two counts of ABH and was cleared of one count of GBH at Guildford Crown Court. He was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford, Surrey.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth. Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug. The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has said he'll talk to the star.
Lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic. Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters. It was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release. But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely. This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry when she threw used cigarette. Two council officers came'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. Miss Copeland was issued with £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within ten days. After failing to pay, she was ordered to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court on March 17. She was fined £304 by magistrates who also ordered her to pay £200 court costs.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for. Sources told the Wall Street Journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that 'Spice', also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city, and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week, 120 of them in one week. Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables. More than half of UK children don't have any veg and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. Annabel says that parents should keep trying out new ideas and eventually they will see positive results.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders faced growing calls to stand down. Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear stench of cover-up. Ms Saunders ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims. But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before in 1991, 2002 and 2007.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography. He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad. Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's long-running Block Online Porn campaign.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots rather than using glossy magazine images. The bite-sized series is titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, New York.
Russell Brand has appealed to fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali Nine duo from facing death row. Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'The pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java. Brand said the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
Oxford University women's team beat Cambridge in 161st race. Team captain Anastasia Chitty said it had been 'humbling' to win on the same course as the men.
Levar Jones, 36, has no criminal record and was on his way home from work when he was pulled over. Sean Groubert, 31, fired and charged with felony assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature, a felony which carries a penalty of up to 20 years in jail. Jones said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of Walter Scott. He wants to see non-lethal methods introduced for police, new training in them, and supported bodycams for officers.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, charged with child neglect. Her three-month-old daughter, Alice, was found on the floor of the apartment with roaches on her legs and head. Bell told police she had put Alice in a crib and then found her dead later on. She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby. Bell has other children but they are not in her care.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists. He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge which is set to take the seats of many of Scotland 40 Labour and 11 Lib Dem MPs.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. About a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing. Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with their Tasers. They then stun him again, and again, with his arms placed behind his back. As the camera keeps rolling, the officers apparently kick the suspect in the head and crotch. San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said the video appeared to show an excessive use of force. He added that he was launching an internal investigation into the actions of the unidentified officers.
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world. Neil Gilbert, 42, made up to £60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers. Catherine Laverick, 47, was sentenced to three years and 10 months.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the annual Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. A spokesman for Churchill Downs said that the selfie stick ban was designed to protect horses and spectators. Churchill Downs encourages selfies and the avalanche of social media attention they can generate, but banishing selfie sticks is a safety measure.
Elena Udrea, 41, is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government. The former tourism minister is also accused of abusing her power while a government minister. She was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister Ion Ariton. Udrea is a close ally of former president Traian Basescu and denies any wrongdoing.
Radiance pads promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin. Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, they are beauty game-changers.
Hollywood legend, 71, said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'Goodfellas star says she has 'paid her dues' and has 'earned the right to be head of this country'
Researchers at Yale University have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US. Click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state. From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to an upmarket street in London on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work. But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times. Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether the 48-year-old was murdered on the orders of the regime.
Britt McHenry, 28, from New Jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, on April 6. The verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. McHenry was warned she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night. A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling. Ross Thomson, a Scottish Conservative Councillor, posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch.
Lawrencium currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides, which sit in a separate block from the main table. Researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium. Lawrencium, which was first discovered in 1961 by Ernest Lawrence, is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time. This has made the element, which can only be generated in particle accelerators, extremely difficult to study.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles at the Caernarfon Castle ceremony in 1969. Met Police sent officers to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join fight against extremists who had already set off a series of bombs.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday. On searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside. The man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed him in the back of a police cruiser. While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle. He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned the car.
Map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. Areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple; areas with the largest number of lightning are bright pink. The Democratic Republic of Congo was found to have the most over the period.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years. The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander, aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features. The house has a history of encouraging bargains, as the Rudd's paid $116,000 less than Irene and Nicholas Kassos.
Ryan Skivington, 26, admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals. The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for Deforestation and biodiversity figures. Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers. Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder. Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by Coleman, who believed Spence was trying to steal her boyfriend, according to family members. Coleman had shown up on Spence's block in the Nicetown neighborhood of Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her. Coleman sped forward, hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle, 37-year-old Damon Watson, who was standing alongside his niece.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family, according to court documents. He is being held at a facility in San Diego until he can be extradited to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. In 2000, love letters between Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered. Her secret memoir of their relationship was written in 1918. Brooke died at 27 from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli.
Providenciales, in Turks and Caicos, was named best island in the world by TripAdvisor users. Maui in Hawaii was named the second best island, followed by Roatan in Honduras. Santorini in Greece was named top island in Europe and Ko Tao in Thailand was the fifth best island.
Amanda Butler, 42, had a normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive. He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions. Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)BV affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush. If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrhoea.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. She claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston and was fired for having 'no pizzazz'Hulbert claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to 'gender discrimination' and seeks compensatory damages.
The Mail on Sunday was voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in succession. A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. Judges praised our all-round quality that, week after week, sets the agenda and forces daily newspapers to chase our big exclusives.
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters in Southampton with sausage rolls and sandwiches. He was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating'Mr Rose, who is standing in a key marginal seat in Southampton Itchen, was questioned at Romsey Police Station. He poked fun at the accusations by taking in a packet of Jaffa Cakes for the officers. But 30 minutes later, he revealed that officers had refused to accept the treats, saying that would also constitute a bribe. He said: 'I could be the first politician to win a seat in parliament based on sausage rolls'
Images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away. They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the surface of Ceres have different thermal properties. The images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres, showing variations in surface materials, and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it. Ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a 'dwarf planet'
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. The pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on Instagram on Sunday. She followed by dice, gun and love heart emoticons, plus the hash tag #rebelheart.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court in relation to the cremation of her son Paul Moreland. Hackney allegedly told two funeral directors that there were no objections, including from her former spouse, to her son being cremated after his death. She is alleged to have deliberately 'pressed ahead' with her plans, despite knowing her ex, Paul Barber, would have objected.
Trinity Culley, 10, used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme. Her mother Dee Culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule and she was rushed to hospital. Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay. Within minutes she had helped deliver baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose, weighing 7lb 1oz.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment. But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot. They're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. It is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. Alexandra first realized she had the condition when she developed hives after spending time in a hot tub.
Three Afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless Taliban fighters. Three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from the gunmen, before being shot in the head at point-blank range. Dozens of Taliban gunmen, some of whom were in vehicles, kept guard around the site during the execution.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades. They wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars. So when Trent died last month aged 74, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral. But he was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory. He says that not only did she never forgive Hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage, but she believed to her dying day that he had denied her the credit she was due.
Mother and ten ducklings tried to cross busy high street in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands. Resourcer Melissa Patrick, 18, stopped traffic so they didn't get hurt and helped them cross. But ducks followed them back to the office and stayed for the morning, drinking from water bowl.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators. Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years. He said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
The Bouvier's red colobus monkey was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens. Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo have captured the first ever picture of the primate. The image appears to show a mother with her young. Researchers hope to study the monkey to learn more about it.
The newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris. Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge, this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess. The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear.
Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana, India. Cases of the H5N1 virus were identified, which can be deadly in humans. The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry.
Chinese scientists may have modified human embryos with new gene editing techniques. This means changes made in the germline - the sperm and eggs - can be passed on to future generations. Many scientists have reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. They say that even embryos created in this way for research purposes only could have serious ethical and safety implications. Others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis.
The Wi-Fi Calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal. iPhone users on EE can make and receive high quality calls over WiFi and send text messages, using their own phone number with no need to use an app.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions. Costa was unable to contact his wife but, assuming she had left in a taxi, lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company.
Khloe, 30, has shed 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime. She recently revealed she's lost an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her new curves in glamorous ensembles. Khloe has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest, police said. He was rushed to Ocala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and immediately taken into surgery, but he later died from his injuries.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes lost limbs in the April 15, 2013, attack. They say Tsarnaev should be sentenced to life in prison without parole or life without parole. They call their position 'intensely emotional and profoundly practical'Follows similar appeal made by family of bombing victim Martin Richard, who lost a leg.
In the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath, but didn't know what was plaguing her. So Avril Lavigne started visiting specialists, but no one could help her out. 'I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News on Thursday. Turns out she was suffering from Lyme disease, which Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have.
Discount chain Aldi overtook upmarket rival Waitrose to become sixth biggest supermarket in Britain. Aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6 per cent to 5.3 per cent in past three months. Waitrose has 5.1 per cent of the market, up from 5 per cent.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram this week. The 29-year-old model is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session and says: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!' Since then hundreds of women have taken to the social media site to show off their stretch marks.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia. The 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia. Ms Moon will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance By An Actress.
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland. Proposal put forward by NHS Health Scotland, Scottish Government’s health promotions agency. It says more action is needed to tackle 'hazardous alcohol consumption in young people'
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon. She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the Seychelles with husband David Osborne. She admitted seven counts of fraud totalling £16,990 and was sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment suspended for two years with 200 hours of unpaid work.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia, on Friday. Student demonstrators were trampling on the flag, which was on the ground. Manhart refused to let the flag go, saying it belongs to 'the entire United States'Footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her to the ground after she refuses to let it go. University president says he disapproves of the flag-trampling protest.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend. The British royal, who is currently working in New York, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie. She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots.
Narcocon, a Church of Scientology-affiliated drug rehab network, is trying to prove that a patch of land near Camp David is historic enough so that they can build a center for twelve patients. The center would house 12 patients, with eight staff living there and eight living off-site. But the current zoning laws for Trout Run, which includes a collection of stone cottages, classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical purpose.
The trio of bikers were captured as they made leaps of faith at Portland Rock, off the coast of Weymouth in Dorset on Sunday. The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19, who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson. He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. But while the Libyan terrorist was flown home to spend his final years with his family, he said he was cruelly ditched. He is now backing Tory candidate Douglas Ross, a local councillor, to oust Robertson.
Fantasy Café is located in Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province. The café is one of the first establishments in China to start charging an 'air-purifying fee'Owner Zhu Ze, 50, bought the air purifiers earlier this year for around 100,000 yuan (£1,080)
Students at Melbourne high school were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year. ‘Class A’ recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets. An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of Benefits Street. Residents claim housing bosses have given the street a makeover in anticipation of the show's release. The housing association said the works had been planned well in advance and were nothing to do with the programme. Residents have slammed the face lift saying the estate will look 'completely different' to anyone who visits.
Tabitha Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to a corner in New Port Richey, Florida. She allegedly met the girl at the corner holding a folding knife and told her to 'kick her a**'Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery.
Harrison Coogan, Hunter Coker, Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, all 18, and 19-year-olds, were stopped on the I-10 in Mobile County, Alabama, on Monday. The Louisiana State University students told police they were en-route to Gulf Shores to meet 'a larger group of people for the week of spring break'
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes'Mikenzy, who coaches Special Olympics basketball, said she hopes to one day have a career working with those with disabilities, but noted that wherever she ends up, she and Matt will remain close.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. She fronted Brisbane court on Saturday for failing to previously appear on April 7. The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction. He set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare. But he warned it was 'quite simply impossible' to find savings on that scale without causing'real pain to millions of families' and some of the most vulnerable people.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure. He founded Kirkland's home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966. He donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction.
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters. Scenes from Christopher Nolan’s epic Interstellar were filmed atop the blue ice glacier Svinafellsjokull in the Skaftafell National Park.
Robyn Exton, 28, is the founder of Dattch a lesbian dating app. Josh Buckley, 22, made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters. Josh is now seeking a five million dollar investment.
Model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State (IS)The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media. The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited'
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. Her widower Paul believes her work emails will show she was bullied by bosses. He asked the BBC under the Data Protection Act for copies of his wife's emails. But the BBC has refused to hand over the emails, saying personal data is only 'data which relates to a living individual'
Glenn Ford, 65, was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer after his release last year. He was accused of shooting Isadore Rozeman, a Shreveport jeweler and watchmaker, in 1983 and was convicted the following year. Ford was sent to prison, where he lived with little light or heat, while Stroud, who had been with the Caddo District Attorney's office for two years, went out to celebrate by having drinks with his team. The state ruled that Ford was not entitled to $330,000 in compensation for his time spent behind bars because he could not prove he did not know about the killing before it was carried out.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was found dead at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night. Her sister Kim Scott asked mourners to 'wear yellow' in her memory at a memorial picnic on Saturday. More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Stephanie Scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder. The Leeton High School teacher was due to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. North Yorkshire Police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation. Miss Lawrence, who was 35 when she disappeared, was last seen on March 18, 2009.
Rona Fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of HSBC. Two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. There are claims HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from taxman.
Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall - alongside editorial policy advisers, the channel and legal advisers.
Tulip Siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses. She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Ms Siddiq's mother Rehana.
Julian Assange has put all the emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. He has said that the information belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company. The data dump today comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world's biggest plane. This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres)The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth. This will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite.
Daisy Lowe, 26, is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for Rodial. Wearing a leather jacket and skinny black jeans, Daisy smoulders in the new shoot to promote the brand's contouring range. Daisy was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around world with girlfriend Gaynor Godwin. He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money. Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010. Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to Disney World.
Jason Cotterill, 42, bombarded his victim with abusive messages over the internet. Threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page and sent explicit photo of her to daughter. Victim said her life became a 'living 'hell' when he bombarded her with messages. 'It got so bad I considered suicide. If it hadn't been for some great friends I would have gone through with it,' she said.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents, and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park, which lies just ten kilometres from the region's famous Glitter Strip.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November. Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home, police said.
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon Osbourne in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom, which was published last week. The book is filled with letters of love and gratitude for the women who raised celebrities such as Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth. Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, thanked her mom Susan Barrantes for abandoning her at age 13 and thanked her for giving her a life lesson.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot'It can lift up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines. The robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. This removes the need for safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation.
Victorino Chua, 49, accused of murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport. He is accused of contaminating saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others. In 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English, the Filipino nurse said he might 'explode' at any time, adding: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
Marcia Eisenhour was awarded more than $270,000 after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. The jury found Storey liable for some $240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest. Storey was a judge for Weber County Justice Court from 1984 until 2010, when a new Ogden Justice Court opened.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month. The 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to an onlooker. She was in the Gulf state, ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with'someone special'She posted a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary to her Instagram account, along with a special Easter prayer. The photo, just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend, attracted 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers.
Lee Thompson, of The Flash Pack, captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in Vietnam and Cambodia. In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic.
Claudia Martins, 33, suffocated her newborn baby daughter by stuffing toilet paper down her throat and hiding the infant's body in a suitcase. She was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl. Martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College. He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse.
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. But when he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital, North East London, for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'It was not until an hour had passed that a doctor realised she had suffered a stroke and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at Royal London Hospital.
Earl Arthur Olander was found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death. He lived alone in a home in rural Minnesota and his home had been ransacked. Police have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result. Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday. The other winning ticket was sold in Victoria.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse – because it had to do better.
Thugs kicked off wing mirrors and smashed windscreens at La Marina Auto Sales. Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work after Easter break. He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the trio.
Gulnaz was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her attacker Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin. She was sentenced to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years on appeal. A first release offer, which she eventually agreed to, stipulated she must marry her attacker. Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter could live a shame-free life in Kabul's 'traditional' society.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne. DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt, which saw 30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs.
Megan Huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns, then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah. A judge today handed her six sentences of five years to life - but family members rallied round her even as her 'cold and calculated' crimes were recounted to the court. Three of the sentences will be served consecutively - meaning she will spend a minimum of 15 years inside, and likely much longer.
Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st. He is the size of an average eight-year-old child. His owner, Annette Edwards, is a genius at giant rabbit-breeding.
Passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at San Francisco International Airport. As the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway, the wheels touch the tarmac at the same time.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans, when he was gunned down. A male suspect, later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department. The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week. He was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. When they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'David Cameron has pledged to increase spending by £8billion a year by 2020 - which Labour has refused to match.
The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday, climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet. At about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and New York Police Department officers pulled her to safety over the railing. A witness said the woman is a 44-year-old Polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce with her husband.
Fiona Cullum provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James. The men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Sabrina Moss and her friends as they took cover outside a bar. Cullum then sheltered Hussain and James 'hours after the murder' before telling officers she did not remember them being in her home. Judge Stephen Kramer sentenced her to 18 months imprisonment for harbouring Hussain and to 24 months for lying to police, but suspended the sentence for two years.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs. The oldest woman to have given birth to quads is Merryl Fudel, who was 55 at the time.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents describing her as 'an inspiration to millions'There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK - it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate. Prince Charles' letter was read at Hayley's funeral by Father Michael Bailey at All Saints Church in Sidley, Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex.
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott. The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive. It has been 'liked' almost 700 times, and been shared a further 100 times.
Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone. Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset. It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Bnei Brak, Israel. He trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim. Despite his ultra orthodox background, his work there meant he encountered rituals and traditions that he’d never seen before.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream. The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China and into the hands of 30-year-old restaurant owner Li Hongjun. The pictures were automatically uploaded to Matt's new phone and as an editor for BuzzFeed, he began writing about it.
Malijah Grant, 1, was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington. Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off. Malijah's relatives, including her aunt, were heard sobbing and screaming, including one enraged woman who cried out: 'I want revenge!'
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say. He said the films are full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes'Claimed Darth Vader listens to rap music and C-3PO is a 'camp, neurotic coward'
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments. They determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site. This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Nick Clegg said control of the Department for Education would be a key demand. He said he wanted to avoid a repeat of the 'ideological gimmicks' of Michael Gove. Gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's Cabinet reshuffle to become Tory Chief Whip.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing. He left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck. On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body. Nash was discovered in the water wearing the same pajama pants and dark shirt he had on just hours before he went missing.
Photographer Brandon Stanton shared a photo of a New York resident whose name is Beyoncé. The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name. Beyoncé says: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person'The photo has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally if not more unfortunate names.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister, confirming rumors that Bernard, 53, would soon exit the administration. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'Obama added, 'I am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy,' who is also the first gay man to hold the position.
The U.S. Census Bureau released the updated figures online Tuesday. 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the figures. For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were. childless last year, researchers found. In 2012, 71.4 percent did not have children.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York. FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts and confiscated his laptop. Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was questioned for the next four hours.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said his daughter Marine'may want him dead'The 87-year-old has refused to step down as honorary president of the far-right party. He is known for his anti-semitic views and was found guilty of Holocaust denial.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was run over by Suge Knight's pickup truck in January. He was left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder. Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter, 55, and trying to murder Sloan. Sloan told the court that he is 'no snitch' and 'will not be used to send Knight to prison'Suge claims he was ambushed and ran Sloan and Carter down in an escape attempt.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked. One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be.
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28. His mother Jalisa Lum was also inside the home at the time of the shooting and desperatley tried to shield her son. Just two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page. It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam.
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test. From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. Frozen herbs will intensify their flavour because they take on moisture during the freezing process.
Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield. He added the caption: ‘Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #disgrace’The tweet was reported to police, who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised his partner Emily Canham, 18, with tickets to see One Direction. He told her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson in Cardiff. But he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland - where Wales is located. Miss Canham tweeted her dismay upon learning her boyfriend had bought tickets to Dublin.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in Hiers-Brouage, south-west France, when the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007. Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the American ash tree, which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
Lawrence Tynes, 36, is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail. Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection prior to the season. Nicks reached a settlement with the team last year over his infection for $3million.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit. The spacecraft, however, is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April. As messenger drops ever closer to Mercury's surface, it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
Study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but this widens to £10,000 in more senior industries such as accountancy. East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries, while North West England had the smallest, according to the research from Reed.co.uk.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her. He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. The divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration. Many of his victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama. His mom Brandi McGlathery put a photo of him on Facebook. A pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story. Facebook removed the photo because it was deemed to be too controversial. The social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest.
Sir David Nicholson warns of a'substantial financial problem' at the heart of NHS. David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash - but Ed Miliband has refused. Sir David said it was vital for the NHS for there to be a 'political consensus' guaranteeing its budget.
United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport. Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, New York home. A reporter with the liberal news outlet Vox tweeted a photo of Clinton toting her own luggage on Thursday in Omaha.
A&E consultant Dr Ram Manohar, 38, of Barnston, Wirral, is accused of four counts of sexual assault. He is alleged to have inappropriately touched two nurses in 2013, while working at Arrowe Park Hospital. Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays. Nurse B alleged he touched her genital area on July 10 and October 31, 2013.
A man dressed as a woman has robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria. The man entered the store on Taylors Road at 7.30pm on Monday. He was armed with a fake machine gun and demanded money from the till. Police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries.
New information from Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. Curiosity detected salts called perchlorates, which can absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid. When night falls, some of the water vapour in the atmosphere condenses on the planet surface as frost, but calcium perchlorate is very absorbent and it forms a brine with the water.
Rev Richard Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire. He rose to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards. Coles, 52, is now a regular on TV and radio, but on Sundays he performs at his 14th century parish church.
Leo Bernal, 8, was released from the hospital Friday, five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in Culver City, California. Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples. His head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake – all causes of high blood pressure. Team at Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990. The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open. A forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. It started in the remote Golo Valley, where the ancient Sentiers de Transhumance used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures.
Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2. Any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch on 21 April. Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99. It is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model.
Kevin Morton, 49, admitted manslaughter at Preston Crown Court. Kye Backhouse, 23, complained of feeling unwell before his father gave him the strong painkiller. Morton could now face jail after pre-sentence reports are prepared for the court.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank. The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash. So she decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics. He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the Men's +100kg against Guam. He claims his coaches told him he lost the fight 'like a baby' and there would be trouble when he returned. He is now being supported by an asylum seeker charity in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay. At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise. At The Club Hotel & Spa, Jersey, a sunshine butler is on hand to polish sunglasses.
A Pain and Gain report has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit. Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year. Melbourne homes are held for longer than any other capital city with an owning period of nearly 12 years. The report has come with the news that the typical home in Australia is now owned for over ten years before it is resold.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding. She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'India has the second highest number of child marriages, according to a UN report.
Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat while driving his car. The boxer posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of Fremont close to San Francisco. The 28-year-old boxer splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US, where he is preparing for his next fight.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show. Contestants Gerry Tynan and Anne Lewin spelt out the word 'erection' as host Nick Hewer tried to stifle his laughter. It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when rude words have popped up.
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters. The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. Morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week. He had to turn in his gun and badge and had his security clearance suspended.
More than 1,000 crimes have been created by the Coalition in a frenzy of law-making. This includes a ban on washing clothes in Trafalgar Square and hogging the middle lane of a motorway. Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month.
Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English, maths and science departments. They are struggling to fill core teaching positions, with some posts attracting only one or two applicants. School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition' for graduates.
Boeing 777-300ER was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from Guangzhou, China when it had to change course and refuel in Mumbai at about 4:15am local time yesterday. The plane turned around over the Arabian Sea and returned due to engine trouble, Indian media reported.
Hizb ut-Tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo alongside local al-Qaeda franchise Nusra Front. Several British men linked to ISIS, including Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi, are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities. Maajid Nawaz, the Liberal Democrats' Parliamentary candidate for Hampstead and Kilburn, was a member of HT for 13 years and jailed in Egypt in 2005.
Cortez Berry, 18, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Kefalonia is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent, so we decided to stay home in the evenings and explore during the day. From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island, where the beautiful Shipwreck Beach is found.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to DOJ employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes. Soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing. DOJ is investigating the disciplinary process following the accusations of sexual misconduct.
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight. This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night. China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull. Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March. Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit, far more than any other state.
The typed dispatch was sent by German president Karl Doenitz. It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested. The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians. It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer in New York.
Nick Clegg will promise the highest education spending of any party with a £5billion flagship offer to undecided voters. Unlike Tory and Labour plans, spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years – and also in line with inflation from 2018.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts for more than two decades. Ricci denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it, which is not.
Artichoke water is extracted from artichokes rich in health-boosting silymarin and cynarin. It contains minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium. Birch water is meant to be rich in nutrients and contain vitamins A and B.
Sofar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. She is expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence.
Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in the Hamptons in August 2013. The alleged rape happened in the summer of 2013 when the victim was in America for the summer on a J-1 exchange visa. Lee, who is married, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault.
First lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provided around-the-clock security for the family. 'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' she said.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent. But he returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train. Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face. He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene. Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at Maidstone Crown Court.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough. The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable. Tara Hills said she and her husband stopped vaccinating their children because they didn't trust the health care system.
Kim Richards was arrested on Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer at the Polo Lounge in The Beverly Hills Hotel. The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star was reportedly refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics. The 50-year-old reality star then became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
Sydney radio station 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. 'We hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. #bringbackblanda', the post ended. The tweet has since been removed from the @2UENews Twitter account, but there is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger. 2UE has just merged with rival station 2GB, which meant job losses from the newsroom and additional redundancies nationally.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft down a cottonwood tree in Texas in 2011. Her mother, Christy Wilson Beam, 42, believes she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap' while unconscious. Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises. Doctors said: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
Chelsy Davy stepped out in London wearing ripped jeans and a chic blazer on Wednesday night. The 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends. It's the second night out on the town for the party girl, who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.
Operation Xeres will focus on abuse at Skegby Hall children's home near Mansfield. It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused. Investigation will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims and will also include two social workers.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously claimed she was forced into marriage. But Mr Galloway's Respect Party claims to have a copy of her 'nikah', or Pakistani marriage certificate. They say it shows she was married when she was 16 and a half in 1990, when she would have been 15. Ms Shah has hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah, one dated 1988 and another dated 1990.
Realtors in Indianapolis are looking to unload what's likely the Midwestern city's gaudiest and most famous home--a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king. For a meager $862,000, its gargoyles, endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky Indy celebrity Jerry A. Hostetler. It sprang from inimitable hostetler's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as Mr. Big to a local mini-magnate.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. The island is home to splendid beaches - such as the glorious arc of Grand Anse Beach.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated when he sees Ukip leader on TV. He says hearing Mr Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick' and he has to change the channel. Psychologist Dr Rick Norris says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician you fundamentally disagree with.
Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a character reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus. She asked for him to be spared jail 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney. Now she is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations'She is reportedly developing the program for school girls alongside Waverley Action for Youth Services and the police.
Teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham where extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff. This includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles. It is understood the National College for Teaching and Leadership is looking at 30 disciplinary cases, with an expectation many more teachers will be targeted for their part in the affair.
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office. He allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware, from September 2014 to February 2015. Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Bogan Shire Council, in western New South Wales, wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue. Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue. The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox. Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, offers his verdict. Dr Skin's lotion and sun drink comes with liquid food supplement shots. Ladival is first product to protect against infra-red A rays as well as UVA and UVB.
Woman yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. She flashed a V-for-victory sign and smiled as two men carried her away by her arms and legs.
Vincent Cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence in a moving photo essay.
The next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry. The classic English pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte, as well as a cinnamon swirl and a pain au raisin. Flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin, and plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut.
Actor Ricky Dearman was falsely accused of being the leader of a satanic cult. He was accused of trafficking children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video. Scotland Yard investigated the 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children. Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad.
Wonga racked up a £37.3million loss last year following reduction in UK consumer lending. Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million. City watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders will be left standing.
Britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade, IMF warns. Global watchdog said the state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax. Conservatives have pledged to return Britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of £5.2billion – the first since 2001.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop caught up with world-renowned shoemaker Jimmy Choo in Perth over the Easter holidays. Ms Bishop is a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer's pieces. The pair met at popular Japanese restaurant Nobu, in Perth's Crown Casino, where Choo was a special guest at a luncheon attended by Ms Bishop.
Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas. A 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments about her childcare arrangements. She recorded managers at the global investment firm 'without their knowledge'Executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination. She has also lodged a claim against three senior bosses - Bryan Mix, Nicholas Pappas and Simon Morris.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler. The dispute comes after Peter Longerich, a leading authority on the Holocaust and Nazi Germany, drew on the diaries. Now the English edition of the biography, which includes the same entries, is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton. It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks. At the time, the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air. It was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate. The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
Trevor Brooks is a known associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary. He was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk. Brooks, 39, was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term.
Britain has overtaken France to become the second biggest economy in Europe, figures show. UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - seven times higher than France's 0.4 per cent. It is expected to cement its position as one of the fastest growing major economies in the West.
Anthony Mann, 78, admitted manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre in Warwickshire. He admitted he stabbed his wife Janet to death after she begged him to 'bring her suffering to an end'
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets. German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies. She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated using both donated sperm and eggs.
David Cameron will be absent when Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown, after agreeing to just one direct confrontation with his rival in the race for Number 10. Miliband accused the PM of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways and spending pledges.
Bornean orangutans spend most of their time in trees. Tuah's parents Eve and Elijah, both passed away last fall just a few weeks after Tuah was born. Zookeepers at Utah's Hogle Zoo provided round-the-clock care for the infant, improvising along the way.
Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night. Diners can order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in smart crockery and silverware. Burger King's new Party in the Park menu consists of three new burgers: the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse, the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp.
150 people killed in the Germanwings air disaster in the French Alps have been remembered at a memorial service in Cologne cathedral today. Cardinal Rainer Woelki urged forgiveness for all the victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit. President Joachim Gauck said the tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow, adding: 'We can't find an answer to the question of why so many people had to die because of a decision that one person made'
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free on Queensland's Gold Coast. The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
William Beggs, 54, known as the Limbs in the Loch killer, is serving a life sentence in Saughton Prison, Edinburgh. He was convicted of raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999. The teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea. He screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the attack.
Hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from its seeds to its oils - with many touting its health benefits. There is a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol, or CBD, taken from hemp. Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight. Research has suggested that CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down.
The Hague is home to one of the cornerstones of European art - Vermeer's Girl With A Pearl Earring. It was classed as a village until Napoleon's brother and king of Holland set up here in 1806.
Flay filed for divorce from March, 40, in April saying that his 10-year marriage to Law & Order: SVU star March has 'irretrievably broken down'March's friend Maia Madison, a writer and actress, told Page Six that March arrived'sobbing uncontrollably' at her home just after Thanksgiving after finding out about the affair. March is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of their marriage that means the famous chef, who's worth about $20 million, only has to pay her $5,000 a month in alimony.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer. She was on death row for over 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood - to decide whether or not the family wanted to pardon her or demand her execution. Indonesian President Joko Widodo and three of his predecessors had previously written to Saudi king asking for victim's family to forgive her.
Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they didn't know who led British forces against France in the battle. Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station or the Abba song than the actual battle. National Army Museum, based in Chelsea, west London, is currently closed for redevelopment.
The first mosaic, pieced together by the German Aerospace Center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram Chaos region as well as the Meridiani Planum and Chryse Planitia plains. The new map allows scientists to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across Mars.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year. Arson, vandalism and threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure, making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009.
Celebrities such as Kate Middleton, Beyoncé and Rosamund Pike have driven the craze. A-list stars Beyoncé, Naomi Watts and Mila Kunis have also played their part by flashing beloved coloured gems on the red carpet.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables. He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house. But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston. Scott jumped out of the car fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The GATA2 gene is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection. Doctors say the mutation's frequency is less than one in a million - and one member of a family has a 50/50 chance of passing it on.
Amanda Curtis, the founder of fashion company Nineteenth Amendment, took the picture at the Glen Cove LIRR station outside of New York City.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'The 31-year-old said that she ate whale at the £123-a-night Juvet Landscape Hotel in Norway. The Duchess of Cambridge's sister said that it was served in a 'wonderful convivial atmosphere'Environmental campaigners say she is helping to promote an 'unimaginably cruel' trade.
Ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how Cameron has reversed the greying process. Cameron has been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful. Farage said he had shaken Cameron's hand and 'complimented him on his appearance'
Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects on Saturday. Officers refused to release picture of the supposed ringleader because he has already been identified. Criminologist Richard Hoskins noticed'startling similarities' between Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly. The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught.
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter on April 2. He was released after posting a $25,000 bond on Friday and appeared on the Today show on Friday, where he was flanked by family members and his lawyer. He became emotional as he apologized to the family of Eric Harris, 44, who was shot dead during a botched undercover gun-sale operation. He said that the shock remains with him and he is unable to sleep or concentrate.
The £260,000 GT was unveiled in a stunning light installation in Milan's Piazza de Fidele. First models have been shipped to China and will be rolled out across Europe next year. Bosses say they have been 'pleased' with the reaction the car has received from customers.
Girl, who attends school in San Dimas, California, is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. The posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages. Deputies from the Los Angeles County sheriff's department are helping to guard the girl.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo. Amanda was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome. Amanda hopes to show how the word 'transcends American society' and will explore the lasting effects it has on people with intellectual disabilities, as well as their friends and families.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub. An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road. Nick Weller said there were at least five or six girls fighting on the streets before police arrived.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep, Perth. The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter, who he referred to as his 'little lion cub'Mr Wittstock was taken to Joondalup Hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival.
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts. Spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV. Even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits. He has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft.
Khadijah Dare, 22, was born in Nigeria but emigrated to the UK as a child. She married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived. Now living in Syria, Dare is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner. Her mother Victoria has used her first ever interview to call for her to return home. Mrs Dare, from Lewisham in South London, also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian. She said: 'When she became Muslim, I would get these phone calls saying, "Can I speak to Khadijah?"
The 1991 Ferrari 348 was worth between $90k and $110k and sporting 'Plesur' number plates. A male passenger suffered head and leg injuries in the crash in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton. The driver was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre. Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink driving.
39 criminals are currently on the run from Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex. Among them are two murderers, as well as drug dealers and fraudsters. Some have been awol from the 500-inmate prison for as long as 10 years, according to information only now released by the Ministry of Justice. Among those who failed to return after a temporary release in June 2010 is Robert Donovan, 57, who was convicted of stabbing a theatre manager to death.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry. Health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content. Some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia', but the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts. Iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack, and she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages.
University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F)The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight. Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required', the research shows. The findings come in the wake of a European court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010.
Actor Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. He is a keen military historian who studied English with J.R.R Tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow. The actor is selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles, silverware and crystal chandeliers.
Ed Miliband said he would 'abolish' the non-domicile status on Wednesday. But it later emerged he is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Estate agents say announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market. Ed Mead, executive director of London-based estate agents Douglas & Gordon, said there has been a huge increase in valuations.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. It is a melting pot of decadence with year-round sunshine, some of the best hotels on the planet, and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card. Despite the restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. He has now been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill. He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions. Many of which never made it beyond the drawing board, but some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, attacked Leighann Duffy, 26, with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife. He was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke who told him he may never be released. Judge Cooke expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield.
TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka and uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights. It can measure all the relevant types of radiation, in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere.
Workers at the Eiffel Tower have walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures. There are an average 25,000 ascents at the tower every day, and at €15.50 (£11.25) a ticket, the closure will cost Paris tourism almost €387,500 (£280,000) in entry fees.
Visitors to Dornoch, Sutherland, are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse. The abattoir is in the process of being demolished as it has been derelict for years.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria. She claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years. Now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons. 'Everybody knows me as that "young ginger singer", for me it is a confidence thing,' she said.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the panel last week there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked. The DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN. President Barack Obama's top spokesman, Josh Earnest, refused to engage speculation about Leonhart's employment status.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences. 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen, were jailed for life. The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005. Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle. Now, her parents are campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds.
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer. The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned. The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
U.S. spends $4billion (£2.7billion) a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems, a new report has revealed. Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care.
PM said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at last election. He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded’Cameron made the remarks in an interview with the BBC’s Evan Davis in the second of a series of special election interviews.
Six soldiers were buried in a farmer's field in Comines-Warneton, near Le Touquet, Belgium. It is thought they were given a field burial after they were killed in October 1914, near the city of Ypres. Bodies will be labelled 'Known Unto God' - a description on headstones chosen by Rudyard Kipling.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before killing him. He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put body parts and tools into two suitcases. Simon, with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then threw the suitcases into a canal. Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict. Bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender.
Oshun Cafe in London will serve £6 berry bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries. The acaí berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the Amazon rainforest. It is a favourite of celebrities such as Victoria Beckham, Oprah Winfrey and Matthew McConaughey.
Kenneth Ward, 67, was jailed for five years in 2011 for exposing himself to Mandy Dunford, 54. He was jailed after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences. But he has now been released from prison and allowed to return to his home in Chop Gate, North Yorkshire.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda. In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin. appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Francis Pusok fled his home in San Bernardino County, California on Thursday after deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. He led police on a two-and-a-half hour chase, part of it on horseback, before he was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse. He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail. In an interview with NBC 4 on Monday, he revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
Fruit juices made from superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola. Some brands contain more than a day’s recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. The Local Government Association, which represents councils that are responsible for public health, accused soft drink firms of ‘dragging their heels’ when it comes to minimising sugar in their products.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. Doctors hope to drill nasal passages in Eli's skull when he's older which will allow him to breathe. His parents, Brandi McGlathery and Troy Thompson, are raising money for him on GoFundMe.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres. And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. But the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘bright spots’ on the surface of the world are.
Gemma Redhead, 33, was repeatedly raped by her former partner, Philip Kirby. She endured eight years of violence at the hands of bullying Kirby and his attacks became so brutal she lived in fear every day, thinking he would kill her. After he was released from prison, having served only half his sentence, he defied a restraining order to phone her. The 46-second call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack' leaving her unable to sleep or eat.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of the City of Brookhaven in Georgia, made the 'racist' remark to hired photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago. Ms Taylor, who had been in the high-profile job for less than a month, has been fired by officials for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee'She allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with models Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, and said they were 'not the image I want for the city'The trio were then asked to leave the event by a city official, it is reported.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world. Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference. The myth that big hands/big feet/big nose means a big penis has no scientific proof or evidence supporting it whatsoever.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms. But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money if it was abolished. Mr Keen, a retired GP, posted on his Facebook page that he needed someone to explain to him just what the Labour policy was.
Tura Pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley, Western Australia. She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before she was caught in the flames three-and-a-half-years ago. Turia Pitt is fitter than ever, embarking on a ferocious fitness program in a bid to compete in the 2016 Melbourne Ironman.
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. The reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation. Despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas. Harris' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery. From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming’s bulging wallet.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the massacre. Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from capital. But soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media claims. Comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a Kenyan government official.
Socialist MP Guillaume Garot has put forward 36 proposals to tackle food waste in France. He has called for the country to embrace 'le doggy bag' - or 'le gourmet bag'Takeaway bags allow diners to bring their leftover meal home with them to enjoy later on. French diners have previously seen the bags as 'embarrassing' and 'degrading'
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from the network for a week. She was caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'Said: 'I'm on television and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey. Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?' But according to her blog she is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week. The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London's exclusive Knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990. The newly refurbished five bedroom, five bathroom apartment boasts two stunning reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room.
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens hits theaters on December 18. The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend, according to a Tuesday article from The Hollywood Reporter. That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon. The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway. Police believe the three burglars are between 17 to 20 years old.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991. Penny is expected to apply for bail in the Supreme Court on Monday afternoon.
Robert Durst pleaded not guilty to a new charge of gun possession on Tuesday in federal court in New Orleans, Louisiana. He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction and one of. possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug: about 5 ounces of marijuana.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol. He read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’s economic policies. Mr Cameron was appearing alongside George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant. In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead. He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake.
Sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000, analysis shows. Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations, it is claimed. While average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, advertised asking prices are £281,000.
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call for back-up after the shooting. One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body. Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. Scott's father said: 'It would have never come to light [had video not emerged]
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Helen Dunn, 78, from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was just 17 years old at the time. She was featured on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag, Span, in 1955. The cover was featured as part of collector Tim Beddow's 'antiques rudeshow' collection of 700 vintage men's mags.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is. Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent. This will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English. Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook defected to Nigel Farage's party two weeks ago. They hope to be re-elected in May, having left the Lib Dems to improve their chances.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam being chosen for the second royal baby. It follows the success of Sam Waley-Cohen, the Duchess of Cambridge's close friend, at Aintree. The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker'He helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007. The royal baby is expected to arrive later this month, with a rumoured due date of April 25.
Labour leader visited Praise House Community Church in Croydon for a question and answer session with worshippers. He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' as they prayed for him. Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist', but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
Workers will get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday. Plan will only apply to workers at firms with 250 or more staff - an estimated 10 million in private sector and five million in the public sector. Business leaders have criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar. Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents. He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday. On Wednesday, Fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty. The Norfolk District Attorney's office said Friday that they are seeking to arraign Fahey again and charge him with murder on Monday morning.
Peter Schweizer's new book, Clinton Cash, is due to be published on May 5th by HarperCollins. It claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors - in forms such as free trade agreements and development projects. Clinton allies have characterized the book as simply the latest in a series of 'absurd conspiracy theories' designed to derail Clinton's 2016 campaign.
Latika Bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents didn't take her in their arms. The film was nothing short of life-changing for Latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of India - the country she instantly fell in love with and has become her second home.
An intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast Low is battering the NSW coast. The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever. East Coast Lows are particularly common in June and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter. They are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines, cause powerful surf and, in some cases, run ships aground.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth. She then went back to work on a shoe production line in Wenzhou City, China. The baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory by a cleaner. Authorities at the factory found the mother back working on the production line. She denied giving birth, but came clean when managers saw blood on her shoes.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness. It can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. Randall and Flynn pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and after plea bargains eventually got sentences of 28 years to life.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on the weekend before the heist. They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday, but thought it was road work. Residents on Greville Street - near the scene close to Farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the raid.
Officer John Moynihan, 34, was shot in the face just seconds after approaching a driver who was stopped during a gunfire investigation. Video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. The video, captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store, shows the beginning of the shootout that led to the fatal shots that killed West.
Robin Ellis shot to fame in the Seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark. He was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58, after a friend was diagnosed. In type 2, the body's cells fail to react to insulin, causing blood sugar levels to soar. This can lead to blindness, kidney damage, heart disease and circulation problems.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend. The Scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown. The town has gone into overdrive for the celebrations, lining the streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce in many of the stories.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken by Colin Heath. She was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged after the incident. Heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham Crown Court.
An unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'The snapshot was shared on Twitter on Sunday by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump. The distasteful choice of words are thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered Top of the World Roofing website for Sean Meade, 45, to shame him. Site now says it has 'ceased trading at present' as boss was 'unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again'Mr Meade told MailOnline: 'If anyone sees the website, it just shows what she is capable of. She's just a lunatic and it was a crazy six months'
Conrad Clitheroe, from Stockport, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro. They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'Judge has extended their custody licence, which will be up again on April 12. But the 54-year-old's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication and claims guards 'don't care'
Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of three Muslim college students in Durham, North Carolina. Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Stephen Hicks is 'death penalty qualified'The victims' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were Muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London, and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries, including the UK, Canada, Japan, Germany, Russia and the US. The researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
Exam board officials yesterday unveiled draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film. Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games. Board said children were ‘uninspired’ by conventional topics like ‘my school day’
Chris Ball, 21, made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. The three-minute footage shows Chris Ball repeatedly saying that no one should take the blame for his disease and expressing his unconditional love for his mother, four siblings and his girlfriend. Chris's brother Jayden and their stepfather found Chris's body along with a USB stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper which simply said: 'Mum and Dad, please watch'His family have shared the heartbreaking video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease, which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer.
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water. Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. Lawyers for both Bob McDonnell and his wife argued in separate briefs that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to 'official acts' covered by federal bribery law.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash. The couple's 1923 Model T Ford convertible, which had been rebuilt, skidded off the roadway and flipped over.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos, 39, in 2008 - and later tied the knot again with another woman. He was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court yesterday. But second wife Philippa Campbell, 30, has vowed to stay with him.
Samantha says Dove's campaign exploits our need to act modestly. She says society won't let us admit we're beautiful - it's the very same members of our own sex who hold us back. Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
Researchers at the University of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity. They found obese people fall into one of six categories:. Scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole, rather treat them according to the 'type' of obese person they are.
Several DEA agents were taking part in these parties in Bogota as early as 2001, said a summary of a DEA report released by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
Everardo Custodio, 22, was firing into a crowd of people in the Chicago neighborhood Logan Square about 11.50pm Friday. The driver, a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood, then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds. The bullets hit him in the legs and lower back, according to reports.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. Most of them said they were desperate to leave the island village of Benjina. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed years of back pay. An in-depth investigation by The Associated Press led to the discovery of massive rights abuses.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home. He pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia. The fight came after a night of drinking at their home in the city's South End neighborhood.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. They then recorded the results using EEG.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. It has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon. The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was revealed he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished. William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Sarah Fox, 27, and Bernadette Fox, 57, were found dead in Bootle, Merseyside. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed, police said. Police are hunting for Peter Fox, 26, the brother and son of the two women. They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths. Family of Mrs Fox and Sarah Fox say they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers. After 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation. She was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in Hawaii after she used the Jenny Craig Corp's corporate travel account to purchase plane tickets and then sold the tickets privately.
Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes. Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. It can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney. It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication. The incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5km.
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air'The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. Jesse learned the news after reading a tag Melissa placed on their dog, which indicated a baby was on the way.
Footage has emerged of three young people getting out of a red ute to confront another driver. One of the young women pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car's bonnet before walking back to the ute. The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt. She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family. Ms Sim was to be investigated by her Police and Crime Commissioner's office for alleged misconduct.
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. Aydian, who started taking 'T' (testosterone medication) in 2009, lives with his wife of three years Jenilee.
David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm. Players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday, with Arsenal forward Walcott tweeting: 'For 25 hours you can get 25% discount on Adidas.co.uk if you use 'friendsoftheo'.'
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti and his wife were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim couple and recorded the attack on her mobile phone. Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, which was caught on camera, to come forward.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness. Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood chose hot pink for her live election debate last Thursday. Samantha Cameron is also a big fan of the colour - she chose a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail last May.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. Bleary was taken to his arraignment by NYPD.
The reality star, 34, revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags, because she is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older. Kim credited her husband for 'introducing' her to the fashion world and wants their daughter to follow in their footsteps and be confident in what she wears.
Carlos Santolalla, 25, and John Tuite, 22, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. John and Carlos were told by their previous agencies to act more 'butch' and delete their joint Instagram account, where they often pose kissing and holding hands.
Kim Hill, 31, from Suffolk, was abused by Derek Osborne from the age of four. The now 31-year-old was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films. Her step-father made her climb into bed with him and kiss and cuddle him. He even attacked her two days after her 12th birthday, while taking her out for a celebratory meal. Kim never revealed her past until her partner Rob, 34, asked her if she had been abused. Rob helped to put Derek Osborne behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere. And wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour. The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. The technique works by measuring the ‘sodium signal’ from distant worlds. When a planet passes in front of its star, the intensity of this signal varies.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. In particular, the images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings. Experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1 billion. Poundland said it had opened 60 net new stores in the UK and Ireland and had a strong pipeline of openings.
Jason Edward Harrington, who worked with TSA for six years, claims groping is a daily occurrence. Claimed screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them. Said staff will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like. Comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent more than £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications in a bid to 'be the person I want to be'He says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work and is now planning to set up his own business.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained unscratched after being rubbed against a stone wall and with sandpaper, keyed and even hit with a hammer. The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk. Two out of the three models of Apple Watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sapphire glass screens. The only one that doesn't is the Sport model, costing from $349 (£299)
ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to NBC's 7.913 million. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is expecting quadruplets at the age of 65. Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 when she was 57. Now aged 64, Sue thinks Annegret is'selfish' for having more babies at her age. She said: 'I always hoped when I was younger I would have a child but thought I had missed boat'
At least three people poured gasoline on a car and lit it on fire at a South Los Angeles gas station. The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up in wardrobes. Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it. Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item, or not worth the cost.
Carey Mulligan's grandmother Margaret Booth suffers from Alzheimer's disease. The actress, 29, said there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness, which causes memory loss and language problems. Miss Mulligan is a patron of the Alzheimer's Society and says more needs to be done.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, said Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence.
Jason Orange shocked fans when he quit the chart-topping band last September. Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are preparing to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27. Gary revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates. He said: 'I don't think we'll be able to get him up on stage but he'll be there'
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years. The days unwind quietly for Penny, with snorkelling, visits to the spa and walks around the island.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice. Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry. One in 12 truckies are high on illicit substances when they are pulled over by Victorian police.
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel t-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts, as well as the Liya Kebede Foundation and Plan International's Because I Am A Girl. Lindex opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford, London, on March 27.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by running over them in his pick-up truck. Knight, 49, has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges.
Czech immigrants were trafficked into the UK by a Roma family on promise of a 'better life'They were forced to work in dog food factories, food plants and car washes in Plymouth, Devon. Workers were kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families back home. Ruzena Tancosova, 34, brother Petr, 35, cousin Martin and Nela Dzurkova, 26, and Katerina Kurejova, 35 are on trial for people trafficking in Plymouth.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road. The plan aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres, where they would be collected. The development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of Damascus. She was reportedly killed as she tried to make her way from Yarmouk to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army. Around 18,000 Palestinians have been under siege in the area since 2012, before ISIS fighters moved in earlier this month. Since then thousands more have fled, while many who remained have been killed.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said William and Harry were fed up with traditional English food. He said the young princes' 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and they ended up with roast chicken. Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund. UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal.
'Red' Len McCluskey gave me the time of day on a street in Neath. He conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support. Watching him in action, it was clear he is highly popular with activists. His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted.
Norma Esparza, 40, testified Thursday at the murder trial of Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing a man in 1995 she claims raped her. Van is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road. Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside. Van's lawyer, Jeremy Dolnick, said his client had no role in the murder and knew nothing of any plans to kidnap or kill Ramirez.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, reached a combined weight of 41st when they set a date for their big day in January last year. But after Holly received cruel taunts in her workplace the couple went on a joint diet losing 11st between them.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years. Says Duchess of Cambridge should 'change her hair for once' - suggesting she opt for a bob style. Admits she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending.
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. Personal dilemmas range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes.
Aidan Fraley, 16, is the son of Eric Harris, who was shot and killed by volunteer deputy Robert Bates on April 2. Fraley says Bates should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing his father. Bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. The pictures were taken in a London bar earlier this season. The pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes, cans of fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker.
Serbian-born Andreja Pejic, 23, is the new face of Make Up For Ever. The model, who underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year, took to the runway for the first time as a woman during designer Giles Deacon's Autumn/Winter 2015 show in February. Andreja is the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died. It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Burger King will be paying for the expenses and providing gifts for the wedding. Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday. BK will be providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns. The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels. The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
The Department of Veteran Affairs has banned organisations from using the word Anzac. Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the term Anzac, which stands for the Australian and New Zealand Army Corp. The Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the term. An Anzac-branded port, an educational app for iPhones called ANZAPP and medallions with the word 'Anzac' on them were also denied.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband. Separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'The university says federal law requires it to investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature.
Gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers. They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows. One resident reported that a dead bird was posted through his letterbox while others were dropped through windows. Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Dawn Milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle, reckless driving and for failure to stay in the right lane.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia. It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment. The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way. The sale is being handled by Ernst and Young Adelaide.
Jessica Silva's ex-partner, James Polkinghorne, sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f***' out of her before arriving at her Marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on Mothers Day in 2012. Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming'She escaped a jail term, after the judge found the killing was done in the most 'extreme circumstances'Justice Clifton Hoeben sentenced her to two years' imprisonment, suspended on the condition of good behaviour.
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a sumptuous five-course Italian lunch at Lupa restaurant on Thompson Street in New York's Greenwich Village on Saturday. Owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali was heard telling photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'After lunch the two were escorted into a waiting SUV.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killings of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur. Presley is set to appear in court today and district attorneys in both counties have said they will seek the death penalty. He originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust' after killing the first man.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London. He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'It allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres. ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their daughter Rana during a stillbirth in 2012. A coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. The couple are adamant that Rana was stillborn, and that it was very clear from the moment she was born that she had died before birth.
Second children are left to rely on hand-me-downs, with around £500 less spent on them in their first year of life. More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-Me-downs. 46 per cent gave them toys bought for their elder sibling.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as she tried to help two women 'afraid of men in a car'Aspiring fashion design student was talking to the two women in the street when she was shot. She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse. Aspiring designer was mortally wounded and taken to hospital where she died.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields. Emergency services found Mr Sultan, who lived in Sunderland, but was originally from Bangladesh, with a gunshot wound. He was pronounced dead at the scene and police believe he was targeted deliberately.
Sri Lanka is high on lists of places to visit in 2015. Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean. Sigiriya is an ancient palace located in the central Matale District near the town of Dambulla.
While travelling the world can cost a lot of money, there are some ways to do it for free, or at leas ton a very tight budget. House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation. Cruise workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours.
Kim Sears watched Andy Murray lose to Novak Djokovic in the Miami Open. The 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress costing £110 from one of her high street favourites Whistles. The bride-to-be is due to marry Murray at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, has been held at Birmingham Airport. Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at Manchester Airport. They were among eight relatives stopped at the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. Waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children also held.
More than a thousand disappointed University of Kentucky fans gathered near the school's Lexington campus Saturday night, following the team's ousting from the NCAA tournament. The Wildcats faced off against the University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday night's semi-final game, breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss. Now, its Wisconsin heading to Monday's final to play Duke - their first final since 1941.
James Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period. His crimes span a period of 50 years. Police know of at least five other girls he abused but they believe there may be more. 'The only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' said Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Albanvale home in western Melbourne last Tuesday. Hours earlier her grandson Alistair, 4, suffered 18 stab wounds as he slept in his bed. Chinese national Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. A fundraising page set up to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week. A MyCause page, set up by family friend Diana Teoh, has raised $47,226 so far.
Former Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer was in charge of Operation Elveden. He pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law – misconduct in public office – to go after journalists for what amounted to them simply doing their jobs of informing the public. The collapse of yesterday's Old Bailey trial will raise question marks about his judgement.
Alan Davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on Radio 4's Feedback programme. Mr Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years. The station has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past.
Officer Michael Rapiejko overtakes his colleague's car as they chase alleged thief Mario Valencia in Marana, northwest of Tucson, Arizona. Video shows him overtaking the officer's car, before speeding straight toward Valencia. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Valencia is sent flying into the air, while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris. He was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition and booked into jail two days later.
Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the '370H55V' plate. Texas Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive' when it was turned upside down.
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. Months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless. But this past Saturday she saw footage of the pup's rescue on local news. She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups. Nina Louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health.
Chancellor and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade. The couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island, which comes with its own private beach.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in the city of Fuzhou, south east China. Mr Ming climbed out of the passenger door and stood behind the car. But his wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down before backing up over his body.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club was founded in 1982 with Prince Charles as its first member. It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman. But attempts to launch a brand of polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court of Justice.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at the televised leaders’ debate last week. He attacked the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain. Ed Miliband said his comments were 'disgusting' and Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form'Ukip leader insisted afterwards he had the 'overwhelming support' of the British public.
Britons spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe, according to a new study. Almost a fifth of those polled said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online.
Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action at the 15th St station in Philadelphia. He helped Alfred McNamee, an elderly man who slipped and fell onto electrified tracks. Collins said: 'I just saw him and jumped down... just instincts'McNamee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen.
Claudia Alende, 21, claims Indianara Carvalho, 23, has'revealed who she truly is'Carvalho posted picture of her naked body painted with image of Virgin Mary on Good Friday. Miss Alende claims she was left'shocked and ashamed' by her rival's risqué stunt.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards. The beast was later confirmed as a male, around 35 to 40 years old.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth. She claimed to have dental training in her native Albania but authorities said she had no license in the U.S.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination, a study found. Changes in brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing risk of falling, said the study's author, Dr Urho Kujala, of the University of Jyvaskyla.
Wedding season is fast upon us and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day. FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for bride-to-be. Rather than having lots of smaller tables, seat your guests on larger tables. When seeking decor, shop out of season. Black vases will be on sale after Halloween, red and gold after Christmas and pink after Valentine's Day and don't be afraid to search sites like Etsy and even eBay.
Ski-tour company Haute Montagne received requests from guests. Guests asked for a live-in tailor to make the ski gear, two grand pianos and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day. Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for après cocktails in the grounds of one of its chalets.
Jeremy Clarkson is set to appear on satirical panel show Have I Got News For You. It is believed he was booked to host the show before he was dropped from Top Gear. He will be the guest presenter on April 25, with filming taking place the day before.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy. The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative. She then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington, D.C.
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The Brisbane-based designer is committed to improving working conditions in his home country of Cambodia. The designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford. The clip, uploaded to YouTube, looks to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2. It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart. It then appears to capture City supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including Manchester United players.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. She asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love. The series of staged performances by different women, who are friends of Laura's, are enacted to show an intimate moment of adjustment.
Nicola Sturgeon says politicians who begged Scotland to stay in the Union should not complain if the SNP calls the shots at Westminster after the election. Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead – threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border. Ed Miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power.
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness. Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen. The next stage sees sufferers overcome by the need to scream, or sing out loud psalms, verses from the Bible or religious hymns.
Tracy Spraggins, 39, has Lupus, a chronic inflammatory disease, since she was six. In 2013, doctors in Birmingham, Alabama, said she would need a kidney transplant to survive. On the transplant list, she would have had to wait seven years.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game. Manziel re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.
Yin Yunfeng spent a week making all sorts of stir-fried dishes and 1,000 dumplings. He also bought a large amount of snacks and hid them in different corners of the house. Wife, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p. The shares are one of the most popular in the UK due to the hugely successful ‘Tell Sid’ advertising campaign when British Gas was privatised. Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
The fire was sparked by a cooking stove in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin north of the city of Corona, California. By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Chef Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London on Thursday. The Duchess of Cambridge's sister looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. Accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival. The 39-year-old was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday. Baggaley was apprehended when he reported for bail earlier this week at Tweed Heads police station.
Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon, south London, was bulldozed in June 2013 along with two neighbouring properties. Two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map. The two identical houses come with a garden, shed and new solar panels on the roof.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, parliament and elsewhere. The theme of this year's observances - The Anguish of Liberation and the Return to Life: 70 Years Since the End of World War II - dealt with the pain of survivors.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in Haimen City, eastern China. Her mother, identified only as Ms Li, said: 'We left after our baby girl fell asleep. Who knew this would happen?'
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age. His theories have gained him high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley, home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet.
Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices and was created by Julian Kabab. Before a night out, one user creates an event and becomes that event's host. They can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends. During the night, photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds. This 'evidence' is added to an album that collects photos and images taken by any attendee, and this album remains hidden until midday the day after the event. Only people who attended the event can see the album and users can only delete the photos they took themselves. Any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users' accounts.
Hercules and Leo are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus. They are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island. A representative of the university have been ordered to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project. The decision by New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches. Ex-Bolton Wanderers striker accused of acting as a middleman for two men convicted of match-fixing. Former non-league player Moses Swaibu, 25, also denies conspiracy to commit bribery.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston. She was reading a text message when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass. The culprit Jordan Goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly. Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire. She stopped to move a bike out of the way of traffic when a man came hurtling towards her. He hurled abuse at the girl, before walking up to her window and smashing it. The impact caused glass to shatter, leaving her with deep cuts to her face, neck and shoulders. The broken bottle even became embedded in her neck, causing her to be unable to smile. She was rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized. It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks. More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break at 23 weeks into her pregnancy. Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. Eight months later Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed. He nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus. The infection had eaten all the tissue in his chest and abdomen.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother during a domestic argument. Deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 Gordon Drive in the Bear Creek Meadows subdivision.
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy. The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English - but failed to pick up the meaning of the T-shirt. The picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country. It is now trending with the hashtag #IAmWithStupidMashi, referring to the president's Twitter account.
Christopher Eccleston suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses. The 51-year-old actor grew up in Manchester and played the Doctor for just 13 episodes. He said he wanted to move the character away from RP pronunciation for the first time.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise, Florida, posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. The man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in Fort Benning, Georgia and not Miami. Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. Here, in the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. The gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, but have never been found. It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London. During that raid 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell into the pit. He was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital. Cleveland Metroparks Zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child's mother.
Rejean Hermel Perron, 43, charged with sexual assault with a weapon, kidnapping, forcible confinement and assault. Police say he held the 27-year-old captive for five days and subjected her to sexual assaults. Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries for help and tried to free her from her restraints. He wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home, so had to use the only implement he had on him to free the woman.
Dmitry Kovtun says he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it by Kovtun and Lugovoi, as has been previously claimed. The two suspects had refused to co-operate with the public inquiry into Litvinenko's death, saying it would be biased against them. But last month, Kovtun dramatically changed his mind, and said he would give evidence only if he is given 'core participant' status.
Students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday. It was the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. School said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space.
Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry for HBO documentary series Vice. The journalist from Brooklyn, New York, went undercover to meet with an agent in India who offered to get her a baby in two to three months. Gianna never considered buying the baby, but as a woman who would one day like to be a mother, she admitted that there was a moment when she thought about accepting the offer, knowing that she could provide the child with a loving home.
Opened in 1818, the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of Stafford in the West Midlands. It closed its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located but building work is under way to transform the site into new homes. Parts of the building will have to be demolished but the main structure is to be converted into 102 apartments.
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break. But when she turned down his advances he became increasingly hostile and unfriendly. He would snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'He blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice, tribunal heard.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening. A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday. An arrest warrant alleges that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'Kincannon threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident.
Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport. He denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71 and Derek Weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012. Chua has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges, including three alleged murders, one count of grievous bodily harm with intent, 23 counts of attempted GBH and eight counts of attempting to cause a poison to be administered.
Sue Perkins, 45, was bookies' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. Last week a flurry of bets propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position, according to Coral. But the popular TV personality announced her departure from the social media site this morning. She tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... this morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death. Love and peace x'Perkins is not the only celebrity to have left Twitter due to bullying and trolling.
Shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the Treasury by the former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010, was just a 'jokey note'Mr Byrne's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam'It was used by David Cameron in the seven-way leaders' debate earlier this month.
Baby Malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30pm Thursday. Police say the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off, but police did not give details on the possible conflict between the people in both vehicles. Detectives initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner said Friday that police no longer think that's the case.
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. Neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match. The seven-year-old girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds.
Nina Anderson, 78, had gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 taken from bedroom. Martin Campbell, 28, forced his way into house when Mrs Anderson was at home alone in Portsmouth, Hampshire. He was hired to do odd jobs for couple, but was later released with no further action. Mrs Anderson, who lives with husband Maurice, 75, began looking in nearby pawn shops. Her actions, which echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, led to arrest of Campbell.
Australian PM Tony Abbott said the EU should 'urgently' follow his lead. His hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on Saturday night.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms. These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’ and ‘you can do it’Mr Hendrick argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well.
Gold Coast personal trainer Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised a yearlong program for $US49,500. Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost. The real price was a tenth of that, or $4,950. 'There was a mistake in the wording,' she said in an email to her thousands of followers.
Charlotte Cosby, 24, has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the last year. Her Geordie Shore co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan and Marnie Simpson have all lost weight. One Twitter user commented that she thought Charlotte was 'far to skinny'Another said: 'I can guarantee you she starves herself to look like this'
Photographs were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen. They show the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church, as well as the Fourteen Stars Tavern building which was pulled down in 1857. Many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today, particularly the area of High Street.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, of Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition. Fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay. She had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014. This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years, Stephanie March. Stephanie March is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup, according to TMZ. The actress reportedly asked her spouse if he had any romantic liaisons with January Jones - he allegedly said no.
Group working in the North-West has been accused of filming the attacks and then demanding money to keep the film secret. One teenager has told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by the gang, who reportedly tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park after dark. Concerned shoppers called police when they saw a man being beaten up in Market Place in Wigan on Saturday. Andrew O'Neill, 25, admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am, said Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn. Archie Brown Jr, 40, struck and killed two-year-old Damani Terry who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on Sunday evening. While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and Damani's brother, Rasheed Chiles, 15, who was hit in the shoulder and later died during surgery.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama, by her owner for a fishing trip, the man's brother, Chris Wilson, told WWLP. Mavis reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
The 'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion. Softer rock is removed by wind and water, leaving the unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up and for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent reporter Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers. The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old.
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology. Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph. Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
Liya Kebede, 39, fronts Vogue Paris's upcoming May issue. The Ethiopian-born model is the first black woman to grace the cover of Vogue in five years. The last black model to cover the magazine was Rose Cordero in March 2010. British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a woman of colour on its cover.
78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge. They faced three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. Residents in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their village.
Rosehall Estate near Inverness was built in 1820. It was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster. He would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran in July last year, along with his Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi, also a journalist, who was released on bail after spending two-and-a-half months in custody. He was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released. On Monday, his lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces, in a decision branded absurd by the White House and the newspaper.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million. Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. Residents include activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia. This means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. Left him unable to walk and talk and with 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy. He is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe. He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in boats launched from Libya.
Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is looking for volunteers to help manage Garnet Ghost Town, a Montana mining town more that's more than 100 years old, and has been mostly abandoned for nearly that long. There are four positions, with some workers operating as tour guides and others keeping the grounds.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. The property stopped operating as a brothel in December 2013 and been vacant ever since.
Body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath. It is believed she had been lying there for four days, according to local reports. Her husband, Eric Isaiah Aduah, 28, is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. He is being held in police custody in Ghana on suspicion of murder.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl in Times Square. He was released after police could not be sure it was him who grabbed the girl's breasts. He said: 'I love people and I love children. It could have been anyone else, but not me'The incident is the latest in a series of incidents involving costumed characters in the area.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce. It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married.
Comedian Sarah Silverman was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap. The comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the New York Comedy Club when she claimed she was paid less for a piece she recorded for a wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League. But Silverman has been forced to apologize after club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false, because Silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything.
Labia reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years. More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010. The trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show. For the first time producers have held auditions at secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
Harpers Bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star's book Selfish. Kim reveals her daily diet, which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables. Reveals that she works out every morning before working on her legs or abs. Beyonce and Jay Z slimmed down at the end of 2013 by going vegan for 22 days.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. His parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday. Police say they have no reason to consider the death of Leroy suspicious, believing he wandered off by himself.
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is gearing up for the London Marathon on 26 April. Had just given birth to daughter Grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage. Suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure where doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief. Now runs marathons in aid of Every Mother Counts, an organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world.
Hannah Overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her 4-year-old foster son, Andrew Burd. In September, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Overton's capital murder conviction in the 2006 salt poisoning death of the boy, citing ineffective counsel at her 2007 trial. Overton has been behind bars for seven years, separated from her husband and five children who are being cared for by their father and home schooled by a supportive church community.
Aaron Jones and Jamie Toms, both in their 20s, cobbled together DIY boat for free. Used insulation boards, scrap plywood, laminate flooring, coat hangers and silicone glue. Only outlay was £9 on the sealant to glue and waterproof the craft. Lifeboat crew found neither man wearing a lifejacket, and one unable to swim.
Nick Clegg said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill. He also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich. But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron, saying: 'Hell yes'He accused the Tories of 'lashing out' at Labour because they knew they could not win the election.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month. He is working with a mental health therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems.
Two guards working for Transvalue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate in Wilson County, North Carolina on March 1. The men 'ordered the guards to lie on the ground, tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods, before taking 275lbs of gold'The gold totaled $4.8 million, but the truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal, so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver - behind. Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company TransValue - pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board 'felt sick'They are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty for England against Norway last Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes awarded a spot-kick in the 96th minute to give England a 2-2 draw. Williamson stepped up again to take the penalty in the closing stages of the match in Belfast. She rode the storm and tucked it away to secure a place in the European Championships.
The 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil, wearing a selection of summery ensembles. The Brazilian mother of two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has announced she is retiring from the runway.
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile. Police raided Alan Greaves's home in Colne, Lancashire in September 2013. Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category. A further 872 of the images were in the next level, Burnley Crown Court heard. There were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire. The 67-year-old was seen arriving yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard told her they had scooped £53million. The couple said they would use the money on buying a new minibus for local pensioners and upgrading their family to First Class on holiday to New Zealand.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua, New Hampshire, on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution. He has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. He was released on $2,000 personal recognizance and will be arraigned at the beginning of May.
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a 'hysterical' state she was unable to talk. Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene: 'We're good, you can go', the court heard.
Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
Students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. But foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena, taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. It was long assumed that the vessel's cargo, belonging to the UK Treasury, would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts. Underwater company Deep Ocean Search used powerful sonar to locate the vessel on the sea floor.
Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari run one of the UK's leading supercar dealerships exporting dream cars across the globe. Tom Hartley left school at 11 to focus on 'wheeling and dealing' and his son Carl has followed same path, ditching education in favour of a role in his dad's business.
Violeta Tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions. In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck. The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Jenner's famous plump lips.
Lord Janner, 86, was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time. He has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial. Director of Public Prosecutions ruled it was not in the public interest to put him on trial.
Chris Appleton, who has been working with natural brunette Rita Ora for the past two years, has revealed how much work the singer has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain healthy. According to Chris, Rita's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Mack, 19, who is accused of murder. She allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in a plush Bali hotel last August. Mack and her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of stuffing her body in suitcase. While Stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today, a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since. None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years. The women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he was injured.
The four-vehicle crash happened in Goodge Street in central London this morning. It involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes, believed to have been operated as a minicab, and two Routemasters - dubbed 'Boris Buses'Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into a tree and a concrete bollard in Leicestershire. One of the rear wheels of the supercar flew off and narrowly missed a man walking his granddaughter home. Martin Johnson, 46, was walking his nine-year-old granddaughter Charly Pennett home from school. He said: 'We were lucky really because the large wheel came bouncing through the air'
Natasha Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. Despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space, she said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally. 'I'm kind of flattered about that, because I've been working pretty hard on my walk to make it look natural,' she said.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday. Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am. 'During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money,' said police spokesman Sgt. Ronald Glover. The victim told police that he pulled $3,200 cash from his pocket and DMX grabbed it out of his hand.
Actor Al Pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet. But it will set them back an eye-watering sum of £25,000 (or $41,500)The package includes a commercial flight ticket from any UK airport to Glasgow, plus a ticket to Pacino’s show in the Scottish city. Up to two hardcore fans will then fly from Glasgow to London with Pacino on his entourage.
Corey Edwards, five, was born with a complex congenital heart defect and had eight open-heart surgeries. His parents Craig and Jemma had been engaged for years but delayed tying the knot due to ill health. The couple had to get the Archbishop of Canterbury's permission for the ceremony to be held on the paediatric ward in Bristol Children's Hospital.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland. The 60-foot boat's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident.
Two 49-year-old women and a man were removed from the plane just before it left Bristol for Faro. Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused further delays to the Ryanair flight. Ryanair said it will not tolerate unruly or disruptive behaviour at any time.
Thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store in Hampstead, north London. He crawled on the floor ‘like a snake’ to avoid triggering infrared security beams. He stole 124 antique watches worth more than £200,000 before climbing back up the shaft and escaping in a waiting 4x4.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen alive at her Grafton home on March 14, after spending the afternoon with close friends at the Good Intent Hotel on the NSW north coast. Police have traced her last known whereabouts to the Lawrence area in the early hours of March 15. Her son Eli Edwards said his father saw Ms Edwards early on Saturday night at their home. He then went back to Lawrence and said he didn't see Ms Edwards there. Her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years, Law & Order: SVU star Stephanie March, according to reports on Friday. The 50-year-old Food Network standout is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby. The New York Daily News on Friday claimed that March asked her spouse if he had any romantic liaisons with January Jones - he allegedly said no. Jones is now dating Will Forte, who she was seen with in February at the premiere of The Last Man On Earth.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn. One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire. Nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. Video shows a man chasing a toddler then hitting him in the face. The man then is then shown aggressively yanking up the toddler by his shirt. A pregnant woman, can be seen coming and taking the distraught boy away.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month. Prosecutor Joe Deters says the parents, both of Cincinnati, could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges.
Woman collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure at Ryemarket Shopping Centre, Stourbridge, West Midlands. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama and stole £60 cash. Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace after the money was stolen.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011. Mee said that the Army, from which he is suspended, is 'his life' and insisted the offences 'never happened'
BBC boss Danny Cohen wants to turn the sci-fi series into a big-budget film. Leaked emails reveal BBC bosses want to capitalise on its worldwide success. But show runners are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish reputation.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in Washington's Dungeness Bay hit their church kayaking trip. William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the Coast Guard, remains hospitalized. His pastor, Bill Bowers, said Kelley is 'not able to speak at the moment'
Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. Patrick Lyttle, 31, was left in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother Barry, 33, in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing. The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Patrick should be dropped.
Best mates Jeff McCubbery and Ian Bullock have vowed to keep Aussie lingo alive by making memorabilia that encapsulates the fading vernacular. The pair from rural Victoria have devised a range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo. The best mates plan to launch a website and social media campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market.
High There! app is the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts. Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder. When High There! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis but a global version was rolled out yesterday. The app quickly became popular in New York, California and Colorado, with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks.
The brass lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family at Lea Hurst, near Matlock, Derbyshire. The 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall on June 26.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. 17 of the 50 buildings are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way. Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced, while around a dozen people were injured.
Royal fans set up camp on benches outside St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington. Many had decorated the area with bunting and posters and bunting. John Loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of Princess Diana's inquest. Royal fan Terry Hut, 79, is a veteran of several royal births and spent 12 days camping outside the Lindo Wing ahead of Prince George's birth.
Trade was taking place between East Asia and the New World hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus arrived in the area in 1492. Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia. The discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle, dating to around A.D. 600.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother in 2012. Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia. She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti. The sisters were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart. The two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, told 60 Minutes' Tara Brown they had moved on from the ordeal.
Lance Futch, 26, drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs. Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker.
Mother frantically tried to open the door when keys to her Range Rover were locked inside. Eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C yesterday. She grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help. Baby was rescued after officer PC Resteghini smashed the window with his baton.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found. They face child abuse charges and concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage. A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to bring home his remaining son Amer. The 21-year-old is fighting for Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, in Syria. He has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks and is believed to be in Libya.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling. After emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures, he spotted a female and male fox copulating. But the pair weren't alone - a third Arctic fox lurked nearby.
Victoria Ayling made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings. She said it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan'Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd, leader of Ukip’s North East Lincolnshire group, launched an investigation. He has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son's situation.
Austin West, 4, slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina. His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site. The West family are hoping to raise $10,000 to cover the toddler's funeral costs and related expenses.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, showed 'complete disregard' for his own safety. The Paratrooper braved heavy gunfire from 20 Taliban insurgents in Helmand to rush to aid a wounded US Marine. He also took control of a machine gun post to begin the fightback, then ran down a barren hillside, dodging a hail of bullets, picked up another machine gun and continued the battle in which 11 insurgents were killed and four wounded.
National Front founder Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, has pulled out of regional elections. But he wants granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, to replace him in the polls. He said it was because the party was at risk of being 'dangerously weakened' over his comments. His 46-year-old daughter Marine accused her father of 'political suicide'
Measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels, about as loud as a school cafeteria. The bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient, but can sometimes trigger ringing in the ears, or discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities.
Ashley Graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in Sports Illustrated's swimsuit issue. She says that growing up, she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez. Now in her late 20s, the Nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves.
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego. Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need, but they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right. They have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on military base in Croydon, south London, during the army interview and screening process. Southwark Crown Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas, who he isolated and 'kept' to himself so he could sexually abuse them. Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands, jurors heard.
The unnamed woman, whose email was shared by a recipient yesterday on Reddit, lists very specific requests for her son's first birthday. She demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent, a play tunnel from Ikea, and a $14.99 Cheerios book. She also asks that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so she can get the full value back if she needs to return them. The recipient of the invitation, who deleted the child's name from the email, labelled the post 'Most demanding 1st birthday invite ever'
Josh Hamilton, 33, filed for divorce from his wife, Katie, in late February, it has emerged. The couple has four daughters, including a 14-year-old from Katie's former relationship. Katie Hamilton will appear on the upcoming 10th season of the Real Housewives of Orange County. Hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision, according to court records.
Images of Fidel Castro meeting with Venezuelan visitors to Havana were reported in Cuban media on Friday, though the encounters were said to take place on Monday. The meetings, with photos taken inside Castro's bus, are the former president's first public appearance since January 2014. He is shown shaking hands with Venezuelans in Havana who had come for solidarity events.
Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall married a decade ago at Windsor Guildhall. Couple are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside, Scotland. New image was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the U.S.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the stage at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night. The 67-year-old claims the noise was'similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head'He was overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community. Mr Thibaux was escorted off the catwalk by a security guard.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of the murder of Stephanie Scott, a high school cleaner in Leeton, south-east of Sydney, on Wednesday night. Police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott inside the property itself. The three bedroom Leeton home is on the market for $179,000, and was constructed in 1960. Neighbours say the family have lived at the property for 'around 13 months'
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students. Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol. President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the wreck. But senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost £68million.
Roxy Wallace, 50, from Gloucestershire, was a bodyguard called Bob until two years ago. She struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman. Roxy told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings and the pair are now in a lesbian relationship. She hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by Christmas this year.
Larry Upright, 81, of Kannapolis, North Carolina, hated Hillary so much she made it into his obituary. 'We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter Jill McLain.
Viv Nicholson and her coal miner husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961. Viv announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring. Viv was so poor that she couldn't even afford a pair of tights for the press conference.
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week. The seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. The purchase came days after Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28. The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20. According to ESPN, Manziel was 'doing great' in rehab, and had the full support of his team.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was running the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon in Raleigh, North Carolina earlier this month. She was so far ahead of the pack it wasn't clear to her which way she was meant to go. She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Customs officials at Domodedovo airport found 108 exotic animals in a 27kg bag. There were 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub. Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified. Suspect claimed she had bought the animals for £130 in a market in Indonesia. She denied intending to sell the animals on the black market, claiming they were 'for breeding'
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville, Michigan. 'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote. Critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast to London in 1970s. Claimed he was abused by 'powerful people' in Westminster paedophile ring, he said. Claims will add weight to calls for allegations about Irish children's home to be covered by official abuse inquiry.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete.
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank. It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett. Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur. It has since been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector.
Condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her owner Tania Isbester's backyard in The Basin, east Melbourne, Victoria. The dog has been housed by the RSPCA since it was seized two years ago, sparking a lengthy legal battle. It is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Prince, 30, is taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin. He is expected to hang up his fatigues at the end of the exercises in June and return to Britain. The Prince is scheduled to spend several weeks on a conservation project in Africa before deciding on a fulltime job, most probably in the charity or public service sectors.
Kyle Schwartz, a third-grade teacher at Doull Elementary School in Denver, Colorado, asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation. Schwartz asked them to answer the question 'I wish my teacher knew...' on a piece of paper and turn it in to her anonymously or share it with the class. Schwartz shared some of the notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson plan and posting their own results online.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. He says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898. The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. Records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds, such as metal cutters, grease merchants and labourers.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court, which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday. The two Australian's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president's obligations. Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move by the pair's lawyers as a delay tactic.
Judy Murray left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at reception in Cromlix House Hotel. Couple's mother Shirley Erskine, 80, admitted the wedding had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful'But neither she, nor Andy's grandfather Roy, were able to recall what the couple’s first dance was.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, struck a patient in the face ten times to fix a broken cheekbone. He claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times. Patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident. He had been operated on by Prof Peckitt who is a world-renowned facial surgeon.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off a debate when it announced that it would no longer allow'small screaming children' into its dining room. The Canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves'The restaurant later posted an apology on the page, saying that the 'hate and threats' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy.
Summer Elbardissy was reportedly partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof deck. But instead of making it onto the deck, where students often gathered, she fell out of a third-story window, according to newly-released police reports and a lawsuit filed in the city's Superior Court. She was rushed to St Francis Hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, a broken skull, hip and pelvis and bruising on her lung.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, bought their home in Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987. They spent two years converting it into their dream home, but it became a 'living hell'They were targeted on an almost weekly basis, with vandals smashing windows with stones and pelting their home with eggs.
Reality TV star, 34, was pictured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the Holy Land alongside her husband, rapper Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Monday. Following the outing, Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page, writing that he had joined Kanye and Kim 'to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city'However, the next day, only Kanye and Barkat were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar. Kim, meanwhile, was obscured by a copy of the $692 bill.
Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines, who misplaced his golf clubs when he was en route to the Master's tournament this week. The pro-golfer was quick to thank the airline and even apologised 'for the mix-up'Maisie Williams was banned from the British Airways business lounge for not being 18.
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad. Customers who pre-order their Apple Watch can have it shipped for delivery beginning April 24. The watch, when paired with an iPhone, allows users to check email, listen to music and make phone calls.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea. Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
Sale and charter brokerages are kept busy with requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests. One superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals in the background. Another client had a week’s worth of fruit and vegetables flown from France to the Maldives.
Jörg Düsterwald, a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from Hameln, Germany, has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years. He uses his body-painting skills in advertising, corporate events and TV marketing campaigns.
David Cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme. Will allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. But the National Housing Federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion. Chartered Institute of Housing said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am. The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. It crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line, dwarfing surfboard-topped lifeguard vehicles.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance through subsequent experience. This study focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli, such as evocative imagery or traumatic events. In particular, the study looked into how the September 11 terrorist attacks in the the US affect memory retention.
Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton. Bubba Watson's wife Angie, however, donned the typical white jumpsuit and caddied along side her son Caleb while she carried her infant daughter Dakota. The Masters Tournament kicks off on Thursday at 8am and a winner will be given the green jacket on Sunday.
If you know where to look and  when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary. From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire.
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston, Lancashire. Driver in a Toyota Aygo pulled in front of his car and ploughed into his car at 50mph. Retired engineer was left with bruises and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder. Mr Kay has now been told there will be no further action as police officer went off sick. He says it is 'disgusting' that the case has not been picked up by another officer.
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research into the causes, figures reveal. Outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 on the health and social needs of patients.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone. Full-time workers who aren't able to secure another job by June could be eligible for a severance package.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, had worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years. For the past six of them, she has also been offering sexual services at more than £300 an hour. She asked clients for requests, saying ‘the kinkier the better’The bank confirmed it had fired her over ‘integrity issues’
Scottish Nationalists threaten to paralyse UK government by blocking 'any bit of spending' they do not agree with. Threat came as Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament – including the SNP. But the SNP suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
British Veterinary Association withdraws support for the shooting of badgers in pilot culls. Two four-year pilot cull in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping badgers. BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle. Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls if Tories win election.
Questions have again been raised about Tony Blair's money-making since leaving Downing Street in 2007. Sunday Telegraph revealed details of a contract signed between Blair and the Colombian government in 2013. Fees paid to Tony Blair Associates for the work advising Colombia on its mining industry, which brings in £2billion-a-year in royalties.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Chelsy Davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for the launch party of London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden. The 29-year-old wore a white layered chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles. She paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels, and carried a croc-print foldover clutch bag.
Yaphank, Long Island was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics. Camp Siegfried was founded by the American Nazi group, the German American Bund. The group set up pro-Nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations, teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors.
Gareth MacDonald met Glen Rycroft, 37, of Salford, Manchester, in a gay online chat room. Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds and threatened to go to the police. Rycroft lured Gareth to a Travelodge at Heston services on the M4 near Heathrow airport on September 15, 2007, where he fatally hit him over the head with a fire extinguisher.
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, argued over a disputed site. Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road. He then cut him off at a junction and blocked him with his van. The pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site in July last year.
The monster vegetable is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown. It was grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers and pictures of it have gone viral.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver – providing they live in one of the US states where the drug is legal. The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states. Users can scroll through cannabis on sale to choose the type they like, whether it claims to ‘stimulate appetite and relieve pain’ or have a ‘fruity, resinous flavour’The app then gives them an estimated time of delivery and instructions on how to pay.
Former Scottish Secretary says talking up threat posed by SNP is'short-term and dangerous'Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs. Sir John, who is the last Tory to win an election outright, said Ed Miliband would face a 'daily dose of blackmail'
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail. He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, weighed 20st 4lb and wore dress size 26. A fairground worker told her: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt'It left the mother-of-two embarrassed, upset and determined to do something about it. She joined Weightwaters and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
Hilary Mantel has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for Broadway. The title of her second book Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'Booker Prize-winning author has also cut 'a lot of repetition' to create a tighter, better play. The plays will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow.
Adam Leheup, 34, met his alleged victim on the 'Let's Date' app on July 9, 2013. They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Bridge before going to Gordon's Wine Bar. He missed his last train home to Hersham, Walton-on-Thames, so his date agreed to put him up for the night. They enjoyed a night-long date, which included wine and cocktails before going back to her flat. The 25-year-old told police: 'I told him nothing was going to happen, but he started to kiss me and I could tell he was naked'Leheup has pleaded not guilty to raping the woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Bilal Skaf was attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Centre in NSW on Friday. A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day. He will be eligible for parole if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime in 2033.
Samantha Cameron, 43, wore a £185 emerald green wrap dress by London-based designer The Fold. She looked every inch the First Lady of British politics as she arrived at the town's University Technical Colleges in Swindon. The midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck is made from a non-crease poly twill fabric.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, reportedly shot dead by her Marine veteran husband, Eric Heath Price, 25, in Alabama doctor's office on Monday. She ran into the surgery in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police'Price then returned to their nearby home and staged a stand-off with police for several hours. He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head. Price has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, who was a nursing student.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour in just a day or two. It is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione. Oz Clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to 'oak age' wine in hours rather than years.
Services by West Coast Railways have been suspended following the incident on March 7. A 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute. The nationwide ban by Network Rail is the first since privatisation, indicating the gravity of the incident.
Salim, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur, Rajasthan. He is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody. Police say they have taken statements from the woman and her friend. Arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament. He was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died. Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi have had Caesar as a pet for about two years. They were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off. A day later, a Natural Resources officer showed up at the couple's door. The officer explained that Caesar 'came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace'
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice. Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options. Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey, moved to Bali in 2009 with her husband Paul, 41, to set up a healthy life-coaching business. At 31.5 weeks pregnant, Yulia decided to research alternative options to battle her chronic tiredness, fertility problems, dry skin, dark circles and deep depression and discovered a raw vegan diet. She exercised twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day. Yulia said there's 'no excuse to be fat in pregnancy' adding that carrying a child 'is no excuse to pig out'
Protests have taken place at the Mauna Kea site, a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu and a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction. Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land. The state holds former kingdom lands in trust for the Hawaiian people, who see the site as sacred.
Brisbane's Anglican Archbishop has supported calls for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92% of US teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly. That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24% who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'Household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families.
Savannah Guthrie's eight-month-old daughter Vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep before bed. The trick involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off. But Savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
North Sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades. The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern European fisheries analysed. Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species. Cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s, but the industry has recovered.
Greece has more than 6,000 islands, most of them uninhabited. Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin. The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, was friends with Robert Durst. The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast. Schuler said Durst was'very infatuated with drag queens that performed, and their hair and their make-up'He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Paul Nuttall, Ukip's education spokesman, appeared in thick-rimmed glasses. He was holding a vintage hard-back picture book called 'British Rebels and Reformers'The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942. The books behind Mr Nuttall were clearly photoshopped, appearing in mirror image next to each other. Ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, from Riviera Beach, Florida, have been charged with child neglect with great bodily harm. A 26-year-old relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the two children were the only two subjected to the treatment.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old. His parents Rachel and Tim have vowed to take him back to the campground for more holidays. Luke's parents believe the communities prayers and Luke’s own resilience is what saw him survive the terrifying ordeal. Doctors said on Wednesday they are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.
The perfect dog has the body of a Border Collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle. It also has the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter. A third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat and soft, floppy ears.
Madison Small, 18, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday with a severe headache and was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning. On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell. It is the school system's first confirmed case in two years.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga, California on April 5 at 8.45am. He was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel at 6.26am and took out $800 in cash before making a stop at Walmart. He spent more than $350 in Walmart on items including clothes, a radio, a backpack and camping gear. Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since. A private investigator learned a homeless man said he spoke to Jones outside of the Walmart, and he has since been interviewed by San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies.
Phil Haste, 60, was told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car. But he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard and no longer requires tax disc to be shown. The government abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year meaning they no longer need to be on a vehicle windscreen.
Geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, also 37, returned to the home of their mother, a compulsive hoarder, in Omaha, Nebraska, 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing. Geoff, a photographer, wanted to picture his son and Jennifer's daughter going about their daily lives among the trash - as they had done years before. But the crumbling house is so unsafe, and their feelings still so raw, they opted to use Photoshop and superimpose the children onto the images.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Chlorine gas was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions on April 22, 1915. Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing. She allegedly advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothes on Facebook. Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, Kansas, is on house arrest as a condition of bond. Undercover officers visited her home and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many with tags still on them. Bauer allegedly told officers she was selling the items because she was a 'compulsive shopper'
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend. Her body was found on a farm north of the city yesterday after a four-day search. Her devastated parents joined mourners at a memorial at George Square today. A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested. He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School is an 'exemplary school' in Hebei Province in central China. Two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in March.
Sales of a Burberry poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost profits. The ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter. The wool-and-cashmere designs were a huge success among celebrities before Christmas.
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country. Comes as Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen at the start of a third week of bombing.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss, East Yorkshire. Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. Officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption. Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination.
Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property. The agency revoked his security clearance and put Baldwin on leave when the arrest emerged.
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases. A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies Nicole Bijlsma said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in 1991. Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny were brutally murdered at a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991. The couple were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and their throats wrapped in black hair wraps. Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
The 58-year-old actress took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month. She shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. Stars from the TV, film and music industries all praised her brave decision.
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list and a second time for an unclassified explanation. In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns. The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since September 2001 terror attacks.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died at their home in Failsworth, Greater Manchester. Their bodies were found by paramedics on Wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home. Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
The motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night. Pulled over a driver, who they suspected was speeding, then spotted a caravan heading towards them. At the last minute spotted the caravan's back window was open, circled and almost decapitated them. The caravan narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway.
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in Trujillo, Peru. The mummified remains were found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig. Cleaner Otilio Padilla Miramontes, 54, said: 'I had no idea it was an ancient mummy, I thought it was someone who had been murdered so I immediately called the police'
Joan Ashton, 81, lives alone at Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport. Her son, Steve, says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals. But after finding the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room. Mr Ashton is now campaigning for more to be done to improve food standards.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay Run were sent on two-mile detour. They continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for extra three kilometres while others followed correct route. It was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event. Today organisers appealed for those affected to contact them for 'gesture of goodwill'
Kim Sears married Andy Murray at Dunblane cathedral this weekend. The first pictures of her wedding dress have split opinion, with some raving and others saying it swamped her. Over the last few years, wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more. Zeenat Sabvur from the wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market. He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990. He became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for £50million 10 years later. But he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife Tracy, with whom he has three children. He said: 'If I have any cash on me I spend it, so she'll give me about £10 or £20 a day'
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will star in ITV's new comedy spoof show, Newzoids. The six-part series will also feature Wayne Rooney, Beyonce, Harry Styles and The Great British Fake Off's Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry.
Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent. London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year, it is claimed.
One ship, HMS Ocean, had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by crew. Eighteen other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations. Ministry of Defence confirmed there was a strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea.
Jessa Duggar announced she's expecting her first child with Ben Seewald, 19 Kids & Counting star, 19, on Tuesday. The couple, who married in 2008 after a chaste courtship, already have Mackynzie, Michael and Marcus. Anna Duggar, who is married to eldest Duggar Josh, is pregnant with the couple's fourth child, a baby girl due in July.
Matt Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home. The 3,700 sq ft home, dubbed 'PV14,' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor. The home also features a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas.
Dental kits allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns. The kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops. They are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps. But more and more people are said to be buying the kits due to the price of NHS treatment.
KFC's quiz contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to strongly disagree. Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company. 'I wouldn't say it's deeply scientific, but it's reasonably scientific,' he said. The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade, but what everyone in the region wants to know is why no warning was given that it was going to be this bad. Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly. The Hunter Valley was one of the worst-hit areas in NSW and this car in Blacksmiths got the brunt of the weather.
Frank Abagnale was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can. In the film he posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot. He has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
Sporty Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging in London today. The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity.
Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the Donovan Hotel. Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City on Friday morning. Workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a huge mountain of rotting fish.
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office. The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
Former Scottish First Minister wants to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon. Alex Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down. Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland, with senior figures under threat from a surge in support for the SNP.
Raymond Allen, 87, opened the first KFC franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. He is only a handful of people in the world to know the secret recipe for the fast-food chain's chicken. He said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined' and would never set foot in one again.
DNA analysis of the bones of 'Altamura Man' in a cave in Altamura, Italy, has revealed that they belong to a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago. The bones were found fused to the walls of the cave in Lamalunga, near Altamura. DNA extracted from the bones matches that of other Neanderthal skeletons.
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III's German Legion. He was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs. No complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo.
Scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident. They found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today. This is despite radiation levels in the area starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted in Devon and Cornwall waters. They are each the size of a dustbin lid and can grow up to six feet long. Experts believe they have been attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region. It has contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. The bacteria causes plants to dry out, leaving shrivelled stumps incapable of bearing fruit.
Jessica Howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life. Howard admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape at an earlier hearing.
Accident is believed to have happened at about 8.15am in the east of the island. The single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off in the Punta Cana region. It is believed the pilot was attempting to make an emergency landing when the plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames. The plane was en route to the Samana Peninsula off the north coast with a pilot and six passengers. Local police said they believed four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago. Phoenix Blue was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz. Willow-Star Shirley Harris-Lee was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate Viktoria Ellis’s home after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the gay dads’ were woken by a text message saying: ‘Your little girl is here!’
Seraphine has seen sales double in two years since Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. Among most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat. Kate wore the Natasha coat to a series of engagements in Kensington in January.
Labour leader insists SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy, even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in Number 10. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this morning said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP – and laid out what the party must do to get it. She demanded an end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a Labour government. But Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
Abraham Lincoln was shot in Ford's Theatre in Washington D.C. on April 14, 1865 by pro-Confederacy actor, John Wilkes Booth. The red, worn chair has been on display at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, for 85 years. On April 15, it will be removed from its encasing to be displayed for the 150th anniversary of the assassination.
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command, Oleg Maidanovich. He was speaking on a film called ‘Space Special Forces’ during a tour of Russia’s main centre for aerospace intelligence in Krasnoznamensk, near Moscow. Said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife. His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'"and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police. Police say they shot him with an 'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday for Bristol. But lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' and 'historic' wrangle. Harbour master then refused to let the ship leave the port and passengers were stuck.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death. At her heaviest, Susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time.
Average Briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year - or enough to fill two bathtubs, survey finds. YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed we consume an average of 17 cups each week. Almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell.
The mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists led by Jennifer Trickey of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, in La Jolla, California. It could belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray’s beaked whale, according to the study. Experts are sure the noise isn’t made by Arnoux's beaked whales, because the signal doesn't match their songs.
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, is serving a life sentence in prison for the murder of a Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in 1981. Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union sent him letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week.
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, north Wales, for nine years. Great grandfather and Second World War veteran has no plans to quit the fast-food joint. He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside High Desert State Prison in Indian Springs. After the two were left to duke it out, a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row.
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen. He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’Extracts of the book are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow. That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. 22C is also better than the 18C forecast in Marbella, 16C in Rhodes and 10C in Istanbul.
Law allows Oklahoma to use nitrogen gas to kill death row prisoners if lethal injections aren't available. The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen. It has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of botched lethal injections.
Reconnaissance unit is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire, after 15 years. More than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets of Dereham to cheer on the departing troops. The Light Dragoons will hand over barracks to another unit in the summer after a decade in the town.
Around 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year, experts told MailOnline. By 2030, Dr Jean Emberlin predicts there will be 31.8 million sufferers as the situation will worsen. Hayfever is an allergic reaction to pollen and spores.
Aracely Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission, said police. She is currently being held on a $100,000 bond, a police spokesman told Daily Mail Online, and more information will be available on Tuesday. A witness said Benjamin was possessed by demons, according to pastors, and went 25 days without food before he died.
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa allegedly got into an argument at an Albuquerque gas station, where he started shooting at another customer. He then used his 13-year-old son as a getaway driver, police say. The father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus. Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House. Police evacuated McEwen, Milbank, Babbitt, Cafe Opus and Schambach buildings while K-9 units were brought it to search the campus.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools. All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America - from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria. Now they hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Sculptor of I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, has pledged to make a new one for free. But the statue of Lucille Ball - which was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched - isn't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her mother Dorothy's affairs when her health deteriorated. Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the 83-year-old's care. But when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all. Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years, at Nottingham Crown Court.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations. The research suggests that early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey.
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with voluntary manslaughter in the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30, in November 2012. He is the lone officer among 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. He faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison if convicted.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday. He pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday. He refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
Robin Wright played Jenny, Tom Hanks' bohemian childhood sweetheart in Forest Gump. She married Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989. The couple had two children, daughter Dylan Penn, 24, now a fashion model and son Hopper Penn, 21, an actor.
Italian chefs threaten legal action against McDonald's over advert. McDonald's advert claims Italian children prefer happy meals to traditional pizza. Restaurant owners say it is 'blasphemy' to suggest children prefer hamburgers to pizza.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday. The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store. The franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer while watching staff continue their daily cooking and preparation tasks.
The woman in her mid- to late 30s was kicked out of Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt. It was run by Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation at Caulfield Racecourse in Melbourne's south-east. More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday. Event organiser Allan Turner said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event. The hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of British troops. Allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk. A DNA sample eventually led them to his mother. She was arrested on suspicion of infanticide. But the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn. Police said they have ruled out any foul play.
Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner were spotted at Tortaria in New York on Saturday. Weiner and Abedin both wore baseball caps in the restaurant off Union Square, where tortas range from $7.50 to $11. It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted, sunglasses on, in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle and failed to pay a tip.
Lawyers for Robert Durst, 72, say he got the money, now held by New Orleans police, legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. Durst was arrested at the JW Marriott hotel in New Orleans on a Los Angeles County warrant that accused him of killing his friend Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982. He is being held without bond on the California murder warrant and on state and federal weapons charges in Louisiana for the loaded revolver that was found in his hotel room.
Competitive eater Mary Schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday. The 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steak dinners - complete with sides - in just 20 minutes. The four teams of two that competed against her didn't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find and return around 220 missing schoolgirls to their families. The announcement came as a march was held through the Nigerian capital of Abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in Chibok. Protestors marched through Abuja with red tape over their mouths, carrying a poster with pictures of some of the missing girls.
Photographs taken with the very first'secret' handheld camera will go on display on Saturday at the State Library. The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device. The camera was loaded, focused and ready to take a photograph at around six feet away. This was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’ But on Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the Bacchus Marsh and Ballarat areas'
Tommy Thompson, 62, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio. Under the deal he will not have to testify about the gold haul he discovered in the historic shipwreck.
Christopher Furniss-Roe from Pontypool, South Wales, hanged himself in a 'tragic accident'He was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after 'childish' row with his younger sister. Father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. Coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was looking for'sympathy and forgiveness'
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch and dismembering the bodies. Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night. Episodes are titled The Wars to Come, The House of Black and White, High Sparrow and The Sons of the Harpy. First four episodes had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning.
People with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier than those with no sleep problems. US researchers found onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems.
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle. They had been called to an address in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, for a 92-year-old man. Paramedics left doors open while they collected the man, who had chest pain. They returned to find the pair lying on top of each other on the stretcher. When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, the teenager said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex'He then punched Mr Newman three times as the patient was being carried out to vehicle.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France. He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia. Carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area. His family described him as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
Boeing 787-8 was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed in Bermuda. Plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing, with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was filled with violent riots, bloody beatings and most shocking of all - the cruel chemical experimentation on its inmates. Since its construction in 1895, some of the country's most dangerous criminals walked the halls of Holmesburg prison. Haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection. She had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton. Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Raw sewage was also discovered coming up from the shower drain in the room next door to Eileen. Mr Dee is now suing Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust for clinical negligence.
The 29-year-old woman, named by local media as Samantha or Amanda, was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car. Officers broke the front passenger window of the white Toyota Innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door. The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage.
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, East Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop. Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb. She is now a slim size 12 after kicking the energy fuel for good.
Experts say shrinking space on aeroplanes is putting our health and safety in danger. Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased. Many economy seats on United Airlines have 30 inches of room, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was killed instantly in a plane crash in Buckinghamshire. His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury, Buckinghamshire, in August last year. He sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash saying: 'I'm out of control and it's going down'Investigation by Air Accident Investigation Branch said the message was 'unusual'Pilot had written a 148 character text within 25 seconds - something the AAIB said would require 'considerable dexterity'
Labour leader admits that in the past his party had been 'too timid' about immigration. He said for communities to live together they must use a shared language. But the Tories said there was nothing in Miliband's plans to reduce the number of people moving to Britain.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress. He said judges should be'sensitive' to the fact that they usually came from'more privileged sector of society'Said they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs.
Abedin is married to disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner, whose spectacular fall from grace came after he was exposed for sending lurid Twitter messages to women – including one of his barely covered genitalia. Abedin had a personal email address on Clinton's home-brew server, the same piece of hardware that stored Clinton's communications from her tenure at State until she deleted more than 32,000 of the records.
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace. The actress has changed what and how she eats - and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, wireless hot spot, coding books, a solar charger and office space at the start-up where he worked once it got too cold to type outside. Trees for Cars only made Grand between $10,000 to 15,000 dollars, he said. Grand is still homeless, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
Relatives of Esam Ghazzawi and his wife Anoud left their Florida home in August 2001, but did not take cars, furniture or food from their fridge. FBI agent who investigated the disappearance said that the family had'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001'Mohamed Atta, the leader of the hijackers, and two other terrorists on the flights, Marwan Al-Shehhi and Ziad Jarrah, were also reported to have visited the Sarasota house.
Transport Workers' Union's National Secretary Tony Sheldon has slammed Aldi for trying to overturn workplace laws and gain the right to force employees to work more than 38 hours a week. He accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce'serfdom'Aldi's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed despite the supermarket chain arguing that their employees 'overwhelmingly supported' and 'preferred' the proposals.
Tory Craig Mackinlay is locked in a tight fight with Ukip leader Nigel Farage. Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Mr Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet. The London Mayor took to the streets of Ramsgate, boasting that polls are turning in the Tories' favour.
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago. The 60-year-old was medically discharged from the British Army's Parachute Regiment. He claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at Heathrow Airport. Ex-Army tank driver Ian Gibson is suing his employer after a colleague nicknamed him Hoppy.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in sunshine and above average temperatures. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire. Thousands of Brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather by heading to beaches and parks across the country.
The Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912. It was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett. The anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast.
Chris Rowe, 31, visited doctors five times in two months with a persistent cough. But he was sent home each time, reassured he was most likely suffering a'simple' virus. But after noticing a dull ache in his ribs and coughing up more blood, he was taken to A&E. X-ray revealed a tumour on the 31-year-old's lung that had spread to his liver and bones. He has been told his cancer is inoperable, but is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy.
Team bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff was shot at on Saturday night. Bus was carrying 40 players and officials back from an away game against Caykur Rizespor. Bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital but none of the players or club officials were hurt. Trabzon governor Abdulcelil Oz said the driver appeared to be hit by a gun.
Australian designers We Are Handsome will debut their Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney. Models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim. The models will include real-life fitness and social media stars, rather than professional models.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed last night. Carwyn’s family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
Staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu, Sichuan province. Workers at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet and noticed that she'd stayed there for a long time. After she came out, she went back to her seat and sat 'in a trance' without speaking a word. She refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity by looking through her purse. Yuan Yen, 34, was arrested and faces charges of neglect.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire, as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending. But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. Mr Farage is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track after polls showed a slump in support in Ukip.
Crown Princess Mary, 43, treated her three youngest children, Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four, to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand. The visit, which was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations, came days after royals descended on Copenhagen for Queen Margrethe II's 75th birthday celebrations.
Compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all FBI agents following fears over expanding waistlines and lack of mobility for many agents. FBI chief James Coney said the force depends on its agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot'Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could lead to being moved from assignments that involve physical activity.
Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week. Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners on Easter Monday to close for an 'inventory'Two days later she returned to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing. Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers. Red Dwarf actor Danny John-Jules, who played The Cat in the hit sci-fi series, has blasted the bulldozing.
Up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station. No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman. She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive. Katie and her mother Eve Cope accused police of giving a 'green light' to shoplifters by merely cautioning the 66-year-old culprit.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after he was taken hostage by far-left group. The Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage. A Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' his wife and children.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she'Austin, Texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality. Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Nigella Lawson is returning to the BBC for the first time in three years with a new series. Simply Nigella will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'It will be the celebrity chef's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and the explosive fraud case that followed.
Rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save 149 dolphins stranded on a beach in Japan after working tirelessly all day to help the creatures. Rescuers managed to save three dolphins, but the remaining of the beached pod are 'dead or dying'Melon-headed whales, also known as electra dolphins, are relatively common in Japanese waters and can grow to be two-to-three meters long.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno, 38. Sprouse admitted almost immediately after he was arrested that he killed a police officer and another man outside a Dallas-area convenience store. A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings. No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches.
Lord Stevens is to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption. Stephen Lawrence's father Neville Lawrence made a complaint to the IPCC last October. Neville Lawrence said there were failures of senior officers to provide 'full, frank and truthful' information to the inquiry as well as claims that hundreds of files were shredded.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (Poland’s Lake District), and the most sparsely populated. The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him at a casino. She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants. But after going back to his flat with him one night she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside. Kyrron Jackson and Nicholas Chandler, both 28, were convicted of murder, robbery, false imprisonment and firearms offences.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile. It is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way. The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing. This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify the more distant star's light.
Officers from Police Scotland’s Edinburgh division posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page. Victims branded the move as ‘insensitive’ and ‘a joke’
Paul Bakewell, 35, from Walsall, West Mids, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, on the A34. The 20ft-tall 30ft-wide billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words: 'Tara you've changed my life. Will you marry me?'
Get Rid of Sids Project has had its charity status revoked. The organisation had been organising seminars featuring anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny. Earlier this year, it invited Dr Tenpeni to speak at a number of seminars across Australia. The group is headed by prominent Brisbane anti-vaxing campaigner Stephanie Messenger.
Francis Pusok, 30, had been seen riding the horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday afternoon. Two deputies caught up with him on foot and stunned him with a Taser. He tried to get up but they stunned him again before starting the beating.
The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. One hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of London's busiest trading streets. In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, is suing Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida. She claims she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009. The dance troupe is made up of college students who perform alongside the Marching Wildcats during college sporting events. The 42-year-old is seeking unspecified damages in district court which can award more than $15,000.
UN officials say procedure should only be carried out when'medically necessary'Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.
The man was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit in Palm Beach, Florida.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with Marjorie Jackson, 17, who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together. The teens' courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David, her first child with her 26-year-old husband Derick Dillard. Josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family's incredibly strict courting rules, which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates, with ‘side hugs’ the only permitted form of physical contact.
Tristram Hunt, shadow education secretary, was visiting a primary school in Derby. He asked the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. When the child said Ukip, Mr Hunt replied, 'Very good' and asked why. The youngster replied: 'To get all the foreigners out the country'
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall, that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him. He often pops into people’s houses, goes with them on the weekly shop and has even joined them for Christmas dinner. He’ll accompany the local children as they walk to school – perched on their shoulders.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto a public section of the MoD's website. It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as information on the depth of concrete on the runway. MoD admitted the manual had been available on the internet but the link had been disabled. A senior military source said: 'It's practically an invasion handbook. Taking out the runway could cripple Britain's ability to fight off invaders'
The 24-year-old, better known as simply Stephen James, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry. He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt, has starred in numerous men's magazine shoots, and graced the runway at Fashion Weeks. This week, he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them. When Copeland told Bleary to back off, Bleary allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm. Bleary was arrested at the scene along with two fellow NBA players, Pero Antić and Thabo Sefolosha.
Xiao Gao, from Fujian Province in south eastern China, has not said a word in five days after a classmate who had allegedly bullied him gave him the water. Medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester with daughter Dennon, 10. She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for the girls and her daughter's friend. But staff at the restaurant accidentally served the girl a drink with alcohol in it. Restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed it on Ms Dodds for leaving daughter alone.
Best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend. At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match. Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case'Two jurors from the Aaron Hernandez murder trial told the court they were followed by a TV van as they made their way home in Boston. Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Air India captain claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him. Air India insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument, and there was no physical violence.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
The last Plantagenet king of England was described by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' in his play depicting the monarch. But research on the king's skeleton discovered under a council car park in Leicester revealed that this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis. Genetic analysis showed that Richard III almost certainly had blue eyes and likely had blonde hair - although it may have darkened with age.
INXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home. Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built. Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013, despite an assessment revealing Ms Goyer's views would be 'destroyed'
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws. She believes that Australian women should have the choice to be paid to be a surrogate mother. Justice Bryant said Australian surrogacy should be legalised as many children who are currently born to surrogates overseas will never get the chance to meet their biological mothers. 'I personally think we should regulate and allow commercial surrogacy in Australia,' she said.
Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials, and placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the Dark Web, using a Tor browser as an entry point. By day 12, the file had received over 1,080 clicks had spread to 22 countries on five continents. It was accessed from 22 countries - United States, Brazil, Belgium, Nigeria, Hong Kong, Spain, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Sweden, Finland, the Maldives, New Zealand, Canada, Norway, the Russian Federation, the Netherlands, Czech Republic, Denmark, Italy, Turkey and Luxembourg.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was bullied at school and called 'Fatty Bum Bum'She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18st (252lbs) in 20 months to become a slim size six. Now weighs just 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and wears size 6 clothes and vomits daily. She says her new 'dream body' is actually a nightmare as she is in constant pain and cannot eat.
Nearly half of Britons believe Camilla should become Queen Consort when Prince Charles accedes to the throne. But 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, Princess of Wales. Most people (42 per cent) said they had neither a positive or negative impression of Camilla.
Kyle Iveson, 24, held up Thorougoods store in Clitheroe, Lancashire, with a 12in knife. He tried to disguise his identity by lowering his voice but was caught by his own mother-in-law. Karen Brown, 54, instantly recognised him and was able to report him to police. He escaped with £650 but was quickly arrested and has now pleaded guilty to robbery.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign. Bill Clinton was in Oklahoma City to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building in 1995. He addressed hundreds of people gathered at the site of the federal building to commemorate the dead.
Kim Richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel. The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28. Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism. Richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy. The expecting mom-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera. He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours. The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh in 1974. He had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot. A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England and is being taken to Northern Ireland.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. She was known as 'grandma' by several current players and received a kiss from wide receiver Dwayne Bowe every game. The last game she saw was on November 30 when the Chiefs played the Denver Broncos. Johnson lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for her season tickets. Her great granddaughter shared a photo of Bowe kissing her grandmother at a recent game on Twitter.
State representative Kevin Boyle claims Tonya Stack 'flipped him the bird'He claims she retaliated by throwing the dark, sticky liquid at him at a Philadelphia event. He claims she aimed the soda at him and it landed directly on him, hitting his chest.
Chen Yuntao, 38, is desperately trying to raise money for his son's medical bills. His nine-year-old son, Chen Minghao, is suffering from leukaemia and has had 20 rounds of chemotherapy. The next course of therapy will cost between 400,000 and 500,000 yuan (£43,600 to £54,600)
Controversial UK commentator Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats, which was a key election plank. But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with our policy-makers and social justice groups, in which she claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward. 'Their approach to migrant boats is the sort of approach we need in the Med,' she wrote.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, is charged with first-degree murder and child abuse in the deaths of his wife, Christine, 37, and their 2-year-old daughter, Celeste, and Timothy III, 8. He is also charged with child abuse. Authorities say he strangled his wife and two young children to death with a USB cord on Monday evening in their home in Eastpointe, Michigan. He told a judge Wednesday that he wants to enter a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity.
Campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children (and parents) why it is so important. In what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners, Elmo and Dr Murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot.
Commuters across New South Wales' coastline are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media this morning as gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames. Workers have begun posting photos of their broken and twisted brollies scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon. 'The umbrella graveyard. #sydney #takemehome,' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram.
List of'religious punishments' posted on ISIS propaganda website claims to be based on Sharia law. List of punishments includes 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam. Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death, while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and 'banishment'
Jaime Singleton saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year. The change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago. The target is 75,000, and Ms Singleton said a sanctuary has committed to taking Nadia in if she was released. Elephants are forced to pose for pictures and be ridden by guests at the resort and others across Thailand.
Stephen Hogger, 55, was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures. All 13 of his choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham, Suffolk, have now resigned. It will be the first time in 200 years the 14th century Suffolk church will be without a choir.
George Osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for the country's top earners. He said raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500 was a priority. But he refused to say whether those raking in more than £50,000 could see the rate lowered. Labour are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent for the highest bracket.
Raffaele Sollecito was spotted shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy, this week. The 31-year-old was seen browsing through the underwear section of a shop with a blonde companion. Comes two weeks after he was cleared of murdering British student Meredith Kercher. He and his former lover, American Amanda Knox, were both acquitted in March. Both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison. Meredith, 21, was sexually assaulted and stabbed to death in her bedroom in 2007.
ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul. It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping. The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished.
The 4WD crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west, just before 4pm on Wednesday. Police believe that all children are under the age of six. The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Melbourne Hospital, according to a Victoria Ambulance spokesperson, and she remains in a stable condition. The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital.
Richard Sherman and his girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed a son, Rayden, on February 5, just a few days after losing to the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl. On Thursday, Sherman shared a photo of him and Moss cradling the newborn, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'The 27-year-old will return to the field in August, as the Seahawks will play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game.
New mothers are often on the brink of exhaustion when looking after a newborn. New mothers receive plenty of visitors shorty after giving birth, who often have annoying habits. Emily-Jane Clark, from How to Survive a Sleep Thief, has compiled a list of ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother.
Jafar Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a 14-year-old girl. He had been duped by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting who set up a bogus profile. Adeli agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from Hinckley, Leicestershire, to Leicester. But when he arrived at the bus station he was confronted by police who arrested him. He was jailed for 27 months after admitting attempting to meet a girl under 16 for grooming.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt. Customers can visit the new store Chelsea, in London, or simply post their bag to clinic.
Melbourne-based Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend. He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done, but claims they're unwilling to help. The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 is a 436-page book featuring adverts for Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental. The adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day, including TWA and Canadian Pacific, which no longer exist. The book uses 17 colours, five types of varnishes and two methods of foil printing and embossing to replicate their work as accurately as possible.
Copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago and is smaller than a penny. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath. Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC and say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage. Find suggests that the village of Saltford, where it was found, was on a major trade route long before Roman times.
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, of West Rainton, County Durham, led a 'family business'Company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months. One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone. Bainbridge was jailed for 30 months, her daughter Claire, 21, for 20 months and Caitlyn, 19, for 16 months.
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend Steven Young. The 35-year-old was knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home. Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was jailed for 18 years at Newcastle Crown Court.
Hailey Baldwin, 18, stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner. In an interview with the magazine, Hailey revealed that she often spent nights with 'one of her friends’ – meaning Kendall – in their ‘sister’s apartment’ when she was working in New York at the start of her career. 'I would basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week,' she said.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Her son, Eli Edwards, told Daily Mail Australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother's disappearance. There was no sign of forced entry at her home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions. She has no known medical conditions and has not made contact with relatives.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women every month. Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem. They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer affecting 70 per cent of patients.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents. It found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999, with 53 per cent claiming they had never even considered teaching them. Nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency. 65 per cent said their children did not know the difference between 999 and 911, the emergency number in the US.
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause. It is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer. Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients.
11 seats will be incorporated into the same space as the current 10 in the middle section of the Airbus A380 model from 2017. A fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work. Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours.
Two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms. Selenium is needed for the production of antibodies, important for a healthy immune system, and the hormone thyroxine, needed to regulate metabolism. You need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium (700mg)
The Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England's first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital, which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ‘bedlam’Instead of mental health patients, it's the likes of Beyonce, Lil Kim and Lady Gaga that stay here these days.
Kate Major arrested AGAIN after she 'drunkenly attacked' husband Michael Lohan. Michael made a 911 call around 7:02pm on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him. Kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed Michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating. She was taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria. Her son Damien Clairmont converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school. She says her son's interest in Islam took a turn in 2011 when he started distancing himself from the family, growing his beard out and refusing to sit at the dinner table when they were drinking wine. Damien left home in November 2012 and traveled to Istanbul where he attended a training camp and eventually crossed the border into war-torn Syria.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, jailed for 11 years for killing Alan Knight, 64, in Gloucester hit-and-run. Great-grandfather Alan Knight was on his morning paper round when he was hit by Hamilton's car. Hamilton shouted 'watch this' before accelerating up to 70mph on residential road. He abandoned the car nearby then fled the city and denied any involvement in the tragedy. His trial was due to start today but he admitted causing death by dangerous driving.
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic. She assumed she must have an allergy, but when she developed night sweats and a rash, she saw her GP. Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. Most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin. These swellings are enlarged lymph nodes - oval-shaped glands that help the body recognise and fight germs.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store. The pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when Wylie came back with the bone, Brys asked him to take him to where he found it. Now, scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday. The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip. Willis also designed neon signs for the Moulin Rouge casino and Blue Angel motel in Las Vegas.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month. Intervention came as former PM John Major warned the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'Major said the SNP would break their pledge not to hold another referendum 'for a generation'
Catherine Gerhardt teaches children how to deal with online 'flamers'She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies. An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response. Ms Gerhardt believes that internet bullies are seeking a reaction from as many people as possible.
Workers in Pingjiang County, Hunan province, China, are building a walkway for tourists. They are pictured carrying planks of wood and wheelbarrows full of concrete over a rickety wooden walkway. With no ropes or safety harnesses, and only hard hats to protect them if they fall, the men are left standing on nothing more than rusty-looking scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the rock to extend the road.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire. He was with friends on the bank of the river in July last year when he dived into the water. Rony was swept away by the current and would have died within four minutes of jumping in. Coroner Belinda Cheney said she would write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999. But she only found out she had buried her daughter with vital organs missing. Her liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, thymus, stomach, pancreas, trachea and skull fragments had all been retained without Ms French's consent. She received a further blow this month when police admitted that her brain had been cremated in 2009.
Would-be Sienna Miller body double must be 5ft 6in tall, have 25½in waist and a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob, so they look like the actress. Applicants must also be able to do yoga moves including the side crow and lotus.
Pictures were taken by the Stasi - the Ministry for State Security better known as the 'Stasi' during the 40 year existence of the East German state. They were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents so they knew what people might try to do to escape the confines of East Germany.
DVLA accused of 'heavy-handed and Draconian' behaviour after figures show clamping soared. Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam'The Government abolished the paper tax disc last autumn.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head at his home in St Louis on February 26. Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself, investigators said Tuesday. Police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.
A new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pets to their in-laws. 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above inlaws (21 per cent)More than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families as more people with children divorce, remarry other parents and their households merge.
Images show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border. Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger. Shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced. The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York.
The four Vincenti sisters, including the two older girls Emil and Claire, had a'monster' of a father who abused them and their mother,or so the story went after the girls were removed from their home in dramatic circumstances and return to Italy. Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad and interview the two elder girls, Emily and Claire Vincenti. The girls are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. It is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues. On Wednesday President Obama's Executive Order on LGBT Workplace Discrimination went into effect. It protects the rights of the LGBT community while in the employment of federal contractors and subcontractors.
Hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels. Toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket, according to Tomsky. The minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel, full of items'sold at an absurd mark-up'
Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would drink up to 12 pints a night and ballooned to 24 stone. He was worried he would look like a 'beached whale' next to his friends on holiday. He decided to ditch the booze, give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym.
Robert Tomanovich, who owns Robert's Discount Tree Service in Livonia, Michigan, first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'I ain't coming down,' on a fence at his home. When neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street. He has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the Confederate flag.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam won't work because the process converting short-term memories to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep. They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday. Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors, but only two agreed to deals. He called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town'A state investigation found that as far back as 2005, educators from the 50,000-student Atlanta school system fed answers to students or erased and changed answers on tests.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail. Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the Italian car on the east side of the passenger door. The FHP is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite, clockwise direction of the guardrails.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him off her shoulder. Heale was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma. The prosecution has argued that Heale shook the child to death. The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was able to keep custody of her children.
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer. These small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment. The pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are significantly affected.
Video features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a boyband. It is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine. Support for Mr Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others. Comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland in Kent.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March. Announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Love Food Hate Waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys. British Street Food shows off the best street food in Britain, detailing where the best traders in the country are. iFood plus helps you create recipes and meal plans complete with servings and calorie information.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left the Gloriavale Christian Community, located at Lake Haupiri on New Zealand's West Coast, with their twelve children and few worldly possessions last month. The Ben Canaans are adapting well to life in the wider community, a relative said, with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances. Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is set to become world's oldest woman to give birth to quads. All her 13 children, ranging from Leila to a daughter of 44, were sired by five different fathers.
Secretary of State John Kerry 'is delusional' if he expected the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they didn't and get away with it, says the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, John McCain. 'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. President Barack Obama's spokesman Josh Earnest said it was 'naïve and reckless' for McCain 'to believe every word of the Supreme Leader's political speech'
Rajul Patel, 35, stole £30,000 worth of jewellery and valuables from wealthy gym members. He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor. Patel targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London. He stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, shared photos of her post-pregnancy body. She suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone, 22, in June last year. But her images of the stretchmarks on her tummy were vetoed by the world's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them. The images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence' which breach the site's decency guidelines.
Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. The Minister for Investment and Trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on ABC's Q&A program. Mr Robb also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood, but it was medication that'really did the trick'
Rebecca Calder, 24, who was jailed for a year today, went out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money. At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts, spending it on nights out and items such as shoes. Calder had stolen more than £5,000 from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities.
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces. Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed. Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after the attack. The military is acting now, nearly 75 years after the men died, because advances in forensic science and technology have made it possible to identify more remains.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry, 36, when he lost control of the Italian supercar at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida on Sunday. Father-of-one Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police, tribunal ruled. The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. His internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy, tribunal heard. He said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised because he was black. Despite his treatment, Mr Lungu is still serving as a PC with the force.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central, a traditional Labour stronghold. He is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page appearing to lick a female friend's breasts. Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko'But he insists the pictures show him having fun with close friends 'like a normal person' and do not undermine his ability to do the job.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession. She referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school'Disciplinary panel ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'They heard she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as 'cuckoo'
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister. Prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house in North Attleboro, Massachusetts. Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours'Work and Pensions Secretary said the contracts were 'wrongly named' in a TV interview. He said only 2 per cent of the total workforce have flexible hours contracts, he said. Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna accused the Tories of being out of touch.
Fox News anchor Chris Wallace, 67, made the comments on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday. He said the singer has 'a lovely voice', but added that she 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'Within minutes, Wallace's response had sparked outrage online. Now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com.
Trevor Vale was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video. The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on Mr Vale's Facebook page. His wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan and was 'walking around with a rifle'
The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with rising tide of demonic possessions. The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ sponsored by the Vatican Congregation for the Clergy, began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
Families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston. The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again under scrutiny.
Yaphet Kotto said James Bond cannot be portrayed by a black man. He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor and should be portrayed as such. Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die. Comments come in response to speculation Idris Elba is in the running to replace Daniel Craig.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend. He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle. The teenager believes the catch could have been close to the world record.
Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday. His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury. The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials.
Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a funeral in Taipei, Taiwan. They were hired by the deceased's wife, who said it was her last gift to her husband. The Taiwanese phenomenon of having exotic dancers or strippers perform at funerals began in the 1980s.
Kendra Spears, 26, married Prince Rahim Aga Khan, 44, in 2013. Couple are said to be doing well, according to her husband's followers. Baby boy named Prince Irfan was born in the Swiss city of Geneva last Saturday.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana. The Spanish teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting'so they could get high and have sex'She has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School and no longer works for the school district.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype. You can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be funded through a Kickstarter campaign.
The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes, which cost $2,000 per student, while the Flatiron school has offered to match her contribution. Karlie will be starting college at NYU's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in the fall, where she will study computer coding.
Designers Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their new swimwear line at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech. The collection was filled with glitzy boho glamour- models adorned gold jewellery, flowing dresses and skirts in dark jewel tones.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, smashed their car into a pole in 2009. When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photographs of her, according to the lawsuit. By doing so, the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim's family, they say. But the sheriff's office insisted that it took the photos in order to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convict Sord.
More than 140 pupils have been removed from schools in Spokane, Washington. Health officials have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic. A growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against the virus and are being exposed to the population. This week 143 pupils were removed from their classes in Spokane because they could not prove they had legally required vaccinations.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster. She had recently left her position as director of design at the V&A, where she led the planning and implementation of FuturePlan, an on-going restoration and redesign programme of its galleries. Her brother Andrew, 59, described his sister as an 'extraordinary' woman who lived a'modest life'
Nick Clegg was heckled by tuition fees protesters in Surbiton, south-west London. The Deputy Prime Minister was in the town to campaign with Ed Davey and Ed Balls. He launched a furious attack on the 'ideological' cuts planned by the Tories. Mr Clegg warned that George Osborne is 'a very dangerous man with a very dangerous plan'But he said David Cameron was 'a classic traditional shire Tory', adding: 'I can live with that'
Sudan the Northern White Rhino is the last surviving male of his species. He is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo. Rhino horn is the third largest illegal trade in the world, after arms and drugs.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he flashed a judge. Irons, 26, has been in prison since December after he was arrested for assaulting people inside a hotel room. He pleaded not guilty to second-degree assault, unlawful use of a weapon and criminal mischief and menacing.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios. Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani. The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies. But he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon. He believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother, Sandra. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. Neighbors believe divorce proceedings may have pushed him over the edge.
Woman jumped on bonnet of her white Honda as carjacker attempted to drive off at speed. But the incident came to a climactic end when a man produced a gun and fired a shot. Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life. He will be charged with aggravated assault and theft when he is discharged.
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year. Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar, live-action actors and an online music video network. It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors. The game will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles.
Nguyen Thi Hang, 35, was waiting to board at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. She was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker. Airline employee believed her two pieces of hand luggage weighed more than the 7kg permitted. The woman lashed out and slapped the member of staff in the face.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret. The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a tape of favourite children's songs for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday. The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time.
Three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon. One of them, Richard Mason, became the last Englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe. The second, Kit Lambert, went on to manage The Who, while the third, John Hemming, began a lifelong fascination with the region.
Former White House aide Kristina Schake, 45, is reportedly behind the drive to get Hillary Clinton elected president next year. She helped to transform First Lady Michelle Obama's public image into that of an all-American 'everywoman' who shops at retail outlets, does'mom dancing' and even has a Twitter account. Ms Schake has been brought on to Mrs Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image. She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer, more accessible one, according to the New York Times.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers. He said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called Ewing’s sarcoma, aged just five. Her parents were told she only had three months to live and she was told she wouldn't live to see her sixth birthday, let alone have her own children. She went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family. She tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia in Canada, six days after giving birth on March 10.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. The men were arguing over which phone was better, police said. The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to Singapore. The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey.
Park Crescent West, next to Regents Park in London, was designed by John Nash in the early 19th century to be grand houses for the friends and family of the Prince Regent. The Grade I listed terrace was restored in 1960 and replaced with offices and residential accommodation. Developer PCW Property Holdings paid £105million for the crescent in 2013 and has now submitted fresh plans to demolish it and rebuild it as ultra-posh apartments. Residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Sales of books about Islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops. It comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales.
Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price is slashing his own salary by 93percent. Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University. The company processes credit card payments for small businesses.
Stephanie Hannon, director of product management, civic innovation and social impact at Google, has come aboard the Hillary Express as Mrs. Clinton's technology guru. Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps, and spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
Annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. Boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing. The Net Boat Fair has already been included in the list of Chinese Intangible Cultural Heritage.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. The semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000. It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating.
Artist Megumi Igarashi was charged with obscenity for distributing plans of how to build a kayak shaped like her vagina. She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer. 'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges.
The NSW State Emergency Service (SES) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise, abusing people’s goodwill as NSW is ravaged by wild weather. NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday, with flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions.
Jimmy Anderson beat Sir Ian Botham's all-time England wicket-taking record. Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin to claim his 384th scalp and overtake Botham. Botham was watching the Test while on media duties with Sky Sports, where he is commentating.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, was due to appear today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy. He is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant. Then shot dead judge Fernando Ciampi in an act of revenge 'against those that ruined me'A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack. Several others suffered serious injuries in the attack, including his ex-colleagues and accountant.
Audrey Bolte told the Ohio court she was expecting to see Ryan Poston, 29, at a bar to play pool and drink on October 12, 2012, but he failed to arrive. That was because Shayna Hubers had shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly 'cackled' with glee claimed a cellmate of the accused. Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Katie Hopkins said boats in North Africa should be 'burned' to cut immigration. The 40-year-old former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said the vessels 'need pushing back'She said: 'I, for one, believe we should turn back the boats. I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from'Her comments were labelled 'dangerous' and a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate'
Supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat as they compete with each other and budget chains Aldi and Lidl. Food prices have dropped by 0.9 per cent in a year, while the figure for electrical items was even greater, falling 5.7 per cent.
Politicians' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like (or unlike) us they really are. Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations? William says that there are several items that you are required to own for your home to be 'posh'
Two female passengers were allegedly seen in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight mid-flight. The Irish Aviation Authority has decided to investigate the incident on Good Friday. Ryanair confirmed there were three off-duty workers on board the flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld.
An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week. It claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen the Nordic country's 'genetic material'Norway's Child Protection Service (Barnevernet) argued that it was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children as a'sought-after commodity'
Patrick Henry Kelly, 56, allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order radio host Mary Lucia, 44, had taken out against him after he sent her letters, emails and gifts to her home and workplace. Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off work for a while. The alleged stalker, Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week. He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app. She dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. Her husband's colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger, slimmer model at a Christmas party.
UK Oil & Gas Investments claimed it had discovered a 'world class potential resource' beneath the Home Counties. It claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. Now the firm has been forced into an embarrassing U-turn, admitting that it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region.
David Nicholson, 48, sent explicit messages to prostitute, it is claimed. Father-of-four allegedly said he was 'keen' on her dressing up like a pupil. He has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. He joins two other men who were arrested late last week, Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, for sexual battery. Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video.
Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca. But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10 and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own. On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home. The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend. One man decided to ditch all the outfit-choosing hassle and simply dressed up as a mummy, wearing a full bodysuit in the scorching sun.
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in North Ridgeville, Ohio around 4am Sunday morning. Her parents noticed she was missing when they woke up to have Easter breakfast and she was gone. She left on her bike with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone, and her bike was missing. York was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home.
The five-day-old hippo was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival. The baby was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa.
Two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash. The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday. Her girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster.
Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients. He allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling. Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip. The patients had booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor to deal with back pain.
Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, took to the streets of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll. Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede, nearly breaking the internet when he sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk. Olivia Phillips decided to find out how the looks would translate to real life.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil. Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. She was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
Picture believed to show principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after allegedly breaking into Sandra Bullock's home last summer. Corbett broke into the house on 8 June last year brandishing a love letter for the actress. Sandra, 50, who was in her property at the time, was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops. He claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son. The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from streets around Vladivostok. The 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern Russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill strays and occasionally even people's pets. He was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists who had spent two years monitoring him. Judge Olga Yerokhina sentenced him to pay just £200 for the canine genocide.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. But his complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified, he claims.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well. The popular TV series is based on the book of the same name, by Piper Kerman.
Lightning struck shortly after takeoff during a flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday. It wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane. The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver.
Twins Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona on Friday. Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but they were named over the weekend in a Go Fund Me campaign page. The fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the two boys has already raised over $10,000.
Housing chiefs accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive Margaret Thatcher's flagship right-to-buy policy. Pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch. But housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal'
Five bedroom home in Ennismore Gardens, London has gone on the market for more than half a million pounds per year. It is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years. Property boasts five bedrooms, two reception rooms, five bathrooms, study and kitchen/breakfast room. Gardner, who famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana, lived there until her death in 1990.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable, and when she gets attacked in the shanty town.
Red squirrels have returned to one of Britain's most stunning beauty spots after 16-year absence. Native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century. Numbers of the reds, popularly illustrated in the Beatrix Potter Squirrel Nutkin books, have been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys. Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike. Recently unveiled set of photographs show London-born Emily showing off her enviable figure - so what's her secret?
Her Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts. On the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach. The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds. Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed Goodall taking money from the till. The 30-year-old mother, who is pregnant, admitted the thefts at Newcastle Crown Court. She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs. Some critics claimed that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child. Her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
An investigator has blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the mindset that led a Utah National Guard officer to allow British bikini models to use a military base and equipment. Three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot, which included the models riding in tanks and firing a range of weapons. Two police officers were also disciplined after participating in a day of the calendar video.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘social media, financial operations and counter-criminality’But he admits that civilians with the relevant experience are not natural recruits for the Army.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series, but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise. Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone' during their romantic trip to Puerto Rico. At one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London's Harley Street, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'Here, he reveals the biggest offenders, and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007. She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes. Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week.
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty. Five New York Police Department (NYPD) detectives were at the store in Brooklyn, New York arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes. Manager Ali Abdullah said he saw Detective Ian Cyrus grabbing a handful of cash from the rent money box under the counter. Cyrus then bends down and when he stands up, he appears to put the money in his coat pocket.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize. Now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win. They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to ensure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. They examined some 200 bead-type objects found at more than 400 European sites over a 3,000-year period. They found that the pathways of the spread of farming are less clear than previously thought.
Jan Bearman, 83, has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011 at the age of 56. Jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her. 'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' she said.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'In the past year alone he has visited Belgium, Germany, Canada, the United States and South Korea.
Seals are being clubbed to death on Canada's ice floes as this year's 'commercial hunt' gets underway. Pictures taken by Humane Society International show seals being shot and wounded on thin ice. They are dragged onto ships where they are clubbed and skinned for their fur. HSI says the baby seals are 'dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying'
Peter Kelly and Ross Lechman were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River on Tuesday night when they heard three teens being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side. They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours. One of the teens, Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday. He is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision.
Andy Murray married Kim Sears this weekend at a service in Dunblane Cathedral. His mother Judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children with his new wife. The 55-year-old tennis coach told Closer magazine: 'I'm really looking forward to being a granny. I've always wanted to have grandchildren, but I had to be patient and let them get married first'Andy and Kim met at the US Open in 2005 and became engaged in November.
Andrew Hennells posted a message on Facebook admitting his plans to rob a Tesco store. The 31-year-old admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence last month. He was sentenced to four years in prison for armed robbery at Norfolk Crown Court. Judge Anthony Bate said he posed 'high risk of serious harm to the public'
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights'The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week. Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future’
Smoke poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed. It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drains nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in some surprising ways. These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist Charlotte Watts. Below, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Darren Goddard, 48, from Basingstoke, Hants, left his 18-month-old son in 1989. Lewis Helget, 27, was reunited with his father last month after 25 years apart. Mr Goddard 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with Lewis after his marriage broke down.
Diane Priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue. David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife. Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at Darlington Memorial Hospital.
Victoria McKennon is desperate to take part in her high school graduation in June. The 17-year-old is just one class short of the credits she needs to graduate from Plano Senior High School in Texas. Her family have appealed to the school to allow her to join her friends in the ceremony. But officials at Plano High School have refused to let her take part if she hasn't got the right credits. Victoria and her family have filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education. They say they do not want her to be awarded credits she didn't get but allowances made to accommodate her disability.
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught a foul ball in her full cup of beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon. 'I was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. It fell straight in there,' she said. 'Everyone behind me told me to chug my beer. So I did!'
Both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl. William and Kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby. The 2013 birth of Prince George did nothing to diminish the fascination surrounding royal babies, with many having placed bets on the sex and name of the baby.
The couple were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston. Her husband admitted to police that during the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. Paramedics rushed the woman to Memorial Hermann Hospital Southwest where doctors successfully delivered her baby by Cesarean section.
Pietro Boselli, 26, originally from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths lecturer with a PHD. He admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at University College London (UCL) where he taught for fear they might 'look down on him'The Italian model, whose looks have seen him amass a following of nearly half a million users on Instagram, isn't afraid to whip off his shirt to show his hard-earned muscles.
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch, a legal brothel in Carson City. The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, have drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement. They cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues.
Bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father, the late Kim Jong Il, and grandfather, Kim Il Sung, were blindly heralded in days gone by. The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market. Britannia basks in its Britishness with beers from 56 UK counties and an entire shelf dedicated to the British monarchy.
Russian military inspectors have arrived at huge Nato war games exercise off the coast of Scotland. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President. Exercise involves 58 warships and submarines, 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces. Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise.
Ronald Peijenburg, owner of De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur, has previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable. But the drone, which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks, crashed and exploded in the Netherlands.
Circuit Judge Michael Maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July. Maggio, 52, sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting racist, sexist and offensive comments on a Louisiana State University fan message board. He revealed details of Theron's adoption two months before she publicly announced it.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement. Samantha Fleming, 23, and her three-week old baby Serenity went missing on April 5. Police believe Jones lured Fleming into thinking she was a child-welfare worker. Jones is being treated in Texas for depression.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. The exhibition includes ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne. Nathalie recreated the adverts completely, from the clothes the model wears, to the poses, make-up, hair colour and surroundings.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father. Keith Whitworth, now 61, was jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children. Mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years. It was only after she confided in her husband Dave that she felt strong enough to seek help.
Frances Clarkson, 53, showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini on holiday in Barbados. Spent Easter Bank Holiday weekend sunbathing with family and friends on the island. The BBC announced last month they were dropping Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear after 'fracas'Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him at a hotel in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries. The codes are known as IATA location identifiers, and are set by the International Air Transport Association (IATA)During the first days of air travel, airports were given a two letter 'weather station' code.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas. She was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old pupil. Last month she admitted kissing another boy, also 15, and letting him touch her breasts.
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin dined at a Maumee, Ohio, Chipotle on Monday - the first time they had been seen since they started their cross-country road trip. But nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal, and the manager says they didn't leave a tip. 'The other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to Abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign.
James Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in Clacton, Essex. A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am. He is being questioned in connection with the death of the man, known locally as 'Pongo'A second man was seriously injured in the brawl but his injures are not described as life threatening.
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to the 30-year-old daughter of Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone. Brigante Business Developments, based in Battersea, south-west London, is listed in company records as providing'management consultancy activities'
Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting Walter Scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina. He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family. It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so Slager will rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden.
Video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. Ten-year Cottonwood Police veteran Sgt Jeremy Daniels was also shot and hospitalized, but has since been released.
None* app gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly. The app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text, as well as showing a small keyboard. The questions are relatively simple to start with, including maths questions and some that have clear answers, but then extend to name associations.
Ex-PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. Said: 'You can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors. Why not use their talents and their experience?' Said he hoped to stay active in politics and business well into his 90s.
The top-paying companies in America have been revealing - and film-streaming service Netflix is near the top of the pile, paying a median of $180,000 a year. Google, which has 53,000 employees, is by far the largest employer on the list.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain. Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks. Company did try a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from Cornwall to their base in Swindon. But they say they were forced to look further afield when that scheme failed.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below. Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday. Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, through the streets of Donglan County, Guangxi province in southern China using bamboo sticks. They married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s but were never able to have children. On their wedding day, they promised each other that they would look out for each other for the remainder of their lives.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California. It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'It consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte. It can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity.
Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, set off on the perilous sea journey across the Med Sea last week. Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips. A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. The Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling. The adored teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria, a charity of which she is a director. Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Sue Sim. Critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force.
The property, called 'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots. It was designed by Port Douglas architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014. It has been on the market for over a year, but Port Douglas real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell.
Alan Turing wrote the notes at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire, in 1942. He is best known for his contribution to cracking the code used by the Germans in their Enigma machines during the Second World War. The notebook, in which he details his work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science, was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) at Bonhams in New York.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday to having sex with a 16-year-old English student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time. The married mother-of-three was arrested in September after a student at Destrehan High School in St Charles Parish, Louisiana, started bragging to friends that he had slept with two teachers. An investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current English teacher at the time and his English teacher from the prior year, Rachel Respess - including an alleged a threesome with both at Respess's house. The parents of the victim were in court on Thursday, and according to media who attended the meeting, they were not happy with the settlement.
Britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the Apple Watch. The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs £299 in the UK. In the US, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax. California has one of the highest sales taxes at 9%, while Montana has zero.
Some 45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck – up from 28 per cent last year. Chiropractors blame the increase on days and nights spent hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers.
BMW driver rams a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row. Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window. The 25-year-old driver of the white BMW, from Camden, was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions. First Lady Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp.
X Factor finalist Ella Henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand Batiste. The 19-year-old has been announced as the face of the brand's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. This will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the brand.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday. The Celebrity Infinity, which docked Monday, reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus. Both ships sailed from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to San Diego for 15-night cruises.
Marc Carn, 29, from Plymouth, Devon, vanished during a stag do in Barcelona. The father-of-four was dropped'miles away' from his accommodation by a taxi driver on Saturday. He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at the British Consulate this afternoon. He is now being bought a flight home by friends so he can celebrate the twins' birthday tomorrow.
Ukip candidate Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon'Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from Libya – with up to 950 perishing off the Italian island of Lampedusa.
Strike by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours. Families returning from their Easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected. EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France, including 10 which either start or finish at British airports.
The feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app, complete with an illustrative picture. Users can choose from an array of small pictures, such as a bicycle or coffee cup, to go with their status. Facebook is testing the service in Taiwan and Australia, where from today, users of the app will see short status messages under their friends’ names.
Tory MP Ken Clarke says the party has become 'too right-wing' to win an election. Warns against signing up to 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets. Also criticises Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught, which was blamed on the banned Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap. Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshay that she had just been served. After four separate requests to talk to a manager, the customer finally got the employee's attention. The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff started to curse at the customer. Burger King has since confirmed that it is aware fo the footage and in a statement to The Blaze said that the disgruntled employe had been fired.
The 100th anniversary of the landing of Anzac troops at Gallipoli during World War I has been commemorated by the creation of a freshly minted $2 coin. The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words 'Lest We Forget'It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
Ella Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after taking the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP. She began feeling unwell at lunchtime and drove herself to Royal Shrewsbury Hospital. Doctors discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to DNP, which is toxic. Her mother Fiona, 51, has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Walter Scott had already been jailed three times for missing child support payments. His family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee. But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look, despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health. The survey, conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates, looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James, who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from Iraq, her lawyer said in a statement on Thursday. But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher. Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home.
The 56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on the 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science. It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist, auctioneer said. Turing committed suicide in 1954 and was gay at a time when homosexuality was illegal.
Porters are carrying passengers' luggage up and down the stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, from 5am to 10pm every day. A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital, transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before. But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn’t have a moving staircase.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles. It was announced early on that Ford would not be a part of the panel (though later he was the high point of the trailer).
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant. Now her parents are being forced to sell their home to pay thousands for their daughter's lawyers' fees.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally. Detention centre operator Transfield Services said the employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'A former staffer at Transfield subcontractor Wilson Security said the guards – seven of whom are former Australian Defence personnel - 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as 'the enemy'In other social media posts some guards compared Muslims to Nazis while others accused companies with Halal-certified products of supporting terrorism.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw pensioner on pavement. Pulled into disabled bay as it was nearest to where the pensioner was and helped her to her feet. But traffic warden slapped £70 ticket on his windscreen because he had pulled into bay for disabled drivers. Student said he was punished for trying to do something good and then something bad happened.
Horry County Police said the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on Thursday night. The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition. The woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released, police said.
Tory leader embarked on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for re-election. But he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign. A busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums'
Marcus and his 9-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton. The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke. He told the dispatcher that his older brother, mother and step-father were also in the home.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash. Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a French mountainside on March 24, killing all 150 people on board.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has spoken out against Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act, calling it a 'distracting' law that only hurts the Republican Party. The former California governor says the new laws are a move that will only hurt the GOP and further alienate voters. He said: 'If we want our party to grow and last, we must be focused on real solutions to problems Americans are facing'Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
Oskar Groening, 93, set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp in Nazi-occupied Poland. Auschwitz survivors and relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old Groening. They spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this 'cog' in the machinery of genocide.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday. The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?' He was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers, and the car drove off.
May Wong’s four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe - visiting 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris. She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton and has covered nearly 25,000 miles.
Hoda Muthana, 20, told how she abandoned her home in Alabama to be a jihadist in Syria. Said she was persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim to join ISIS. Spent money meant for college tuition on a flight to Turkey and married an Australian jihadist. Now the radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in America on Memorial Day.
Faysal Mohamed, 18, and his two friends were pulled over in south Minneapolis on March 18. They were cuffed and held on the side of the road by the officers. The officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go.
National Union of Teachers has called for a 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made 'compulsory' under the next government. It said MPs had a duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’ in schools and create a ‘positive climate of understanding about sexuality’But critics accused the NUT of ‘thought control’ and said the proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘inevitable crash’
Quavious Marshall, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night. All of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates. Migos next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states.
Tinie Tempah was due to perform at 'intimate gig' in Canterbury last night. Ticket-holders were warned they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm. But he failed to turn up until after 2am, and then stayed in VIP area for another hour. He then spent just a few minutes on stage, playing two songs before telling the crowd: 'See you on tour'
25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday. Biologists found live yellowtail jack fish, native to Japan, inside the floating debris and are being housed in the Oregon Coast Aquarium.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months, report reveals. Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks. Electronics spend has risen 7 per cent, as consumers buy expensive phones and tablet computers.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5. Slager was fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder on Tuesday. National Bar Association officials said that Officer Clarence Habersham, 37, should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Tory party chairman accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others. David Cameron defended Mr Shapps, saying the party chairman is doing 'a great job' while on the campaign trail.
Tennessee Supreme Court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state's death row as new lethal injection methods are challenged. Leroy Hall Jr, 48, Donald Wayne Strouth, 56, Nicholas Todd Sutton, 53, and Abu-Ali Abdur’Rahman, 64, were convicted of murder in 1991 and 1985. The European Union has called for Abdur'Rahman to be allowed to live.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building. Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by told the Post she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed James Polkinghorne 'I would have been dead'Jessica Silva reveals she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. She tells her tragic tale of survival for the first time on 60 Minutes this Sunday night. Jessica Silva was a victim of the worst type of domestic abuse, suffering years of verbal and physical attacks by her partner.
Department of Twin Research, which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the UK, recently performed a poll of voting preferences. Aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people’s voting habits. Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent.
Skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty. Experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her. The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in a neighbourhood of Gyeongju City.
Insurgent actress Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick. Blake Lively says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise on her hair before showering. Lupita Nyong'o combats her dry skin with avocado and loves to use it on her locks. Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser to keep her spots at bay.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity. But it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds. Couple had been married for ten years and had attended the Queen's garden party in 2013.
Revered Al Sharpton preached at Charity Missionary Baptist Church in South Carolina. He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation. Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance and South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak. The civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the Scott shooting on Sunday afternoon.
Poll of 2,000 Britons found 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. Two in five had injured their back, one in 5 had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. Men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'He warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain makes sweeping changes to the way it tackles terrorism. The prosecutor said children are'manipulated' by Islamists and need a new approach. He said some teenagers see ISIS as 'pop idols' like Justin Bieber and One Direction.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The Babel Bike was designed by London-based Crispin Sinclair. He is seeking £50,000 ($74,000) of funding on Indiegogo to bring his dream to fruition. The bike has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back, with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike’s innards. At the front of the bike are two steel foot protectors, which are detachable and can also be used as a bike lock.
Boris Johnson will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron next week. London Mayor has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known Tory in the country. There have been growing calls from Conservative MPs for Mr Johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as the party seeks to break away from Labour.
The two leaders are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama. The White House has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange between Castro and Obama. Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors. That removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba.
Holly Barber, 25, from Manchester, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains. She chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before, but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. She rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms, blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly. She now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots, but the shock of the ordeal has led her to completely change her lifestyle.
Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several pop-up versions of the famous Parisian gallery planned outside France. It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area. There are good restaurants, great shopping and exciting nightlife.
Noel Biderman, 43, is the founder of Ashley Madison, a Canadian dating website for married people. He wants to raise money from investors to fund launch of services in Russia, Ukraine and Baltic states. He claims infidelity can actually save relationships and people 'use affairs to preserve their marriage'Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website behind Match.com.
Sandra Mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument. Sandra Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3. The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store', according to the posting's description. It is unknown what her relationship to the child is.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California. Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful. From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
Chris Brynarsky was killed in his custom car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina in October 2006. His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car. 'I just wanted to immortalize him. That was my way of doing it,' he said.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was arrested in Kampala over the brutal murder of Joan Kagezi. The Ugandan prosecutor was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab. He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded the huge payout after being released. He is one of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners awarded a £20million payout from the British taxpayer.
Poll of 15,560 family doctors found that one in six is considering going part-time. Another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada and Australia. Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by an ageing population.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa. Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days. They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge. About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in a pond in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk. She was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket and Sainsbury's bag. The boy's mother, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide. But the charge was dropped after she told police she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends and later had a stillbirth.
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety. Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs. New research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state. Doctors at Imperial College London came to conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce. Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year and those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour.
Marla McCants, from Nashville, Tennessee, was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend who 'lost it' and held her at gunpoint and even shot two officers who tried to rescue her before she escaped. The mother-of-three moved to Houston, Texas, so she could work with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan, but was discharged because of her lack of cooperation. The surgeon had all but given up on Marla until he received an impassioned call from Sierra, begging him to come to her apartment and convince her mom to get up once and for all.
Luigi Arcuri, 73, Nikolic Giuliano, 37 and Antonino Ballistreri, 45, were each sentenced to two years and eight months in prison. A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was given 16 months.
Body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police in Bootle, Merseyside, on Thursday night. Her mother Bernadette Fox, 57, found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away. Police have released CCTV images of Peter Fox, 26, leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm on Wednesday. They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths, but warn the public not to approach him.
The dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last Saturday in the barn in Manchester, Tennessee, surrounded by their own waste. The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond. The dogs were mostly all adults and a variety of breeds including Golden Retrievers, Shih Tzus, Yorkshire Terriers and Border Collies.
Olivier Rousteing has revealed why he chose Kim and Kanye to star in Balmain campaign. Says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody the idea of a modern family.
Marco Rubio told CBS's Face the Nation he believes people are 'born with a sexual preference'The Florida Senator told Bob Schieffer that he wasn't against gay marriage, but believes the 'definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman'Last week he admitted he would attend the same-sex wedding of someone he 'cared' for, even if he disagreed with the decision.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s. They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were redeveloped as an air raid shelter during the Second World War. The shelter was so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who would be allowed to seek refuge there.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. He was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday. Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive. In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy. Mother-of-two has donated eggs three times, leading to three successful pregnancies.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. 'Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents,' Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN. The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Coach driver forced to perform a U-turn on a narrow river slipway in Dartmouth, Devon. He was carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby. The coach was turned back after trying to take a ferry to cross the River Dart.
Salisbury City Council asked Tania Rahman, 27, if she wanted to run a stand at St George's Day. But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall, Chit Chaat Chai, would not be allowed because it is not 'English-themed'Council has now apologised for the 'discriminatory' decision and invited her to run stand on the day.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He is understood to be returning to the UK on a flight to Manchester from Dalaman tonight. He was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - in a remote Turkish town earlier this month. Waheed's father Shakil, a bakery delivery driver, is a councillor in the town. The remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday.
Jack Jordan, 23, from Brixham, Devon, was diagnosed with leukaemia in 2013. He underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy but it failed to stop cancer spreading into his bone marrow. The couple got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago. Friends, family, and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair's dream wedding.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for the killing of Russell Allen Baker, an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year. In 2012 his conviction was overturned by Judge Sarah Stewart who blasted his initial trial, pointing out that his lawyers were substandard, a key witness later recounted her testimony, and a juror lied about his views on the death penalty. Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder, with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. He stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five. The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
Candice Bergen, 68, played the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. In her new memoir, A Fine Romance, Candice reveals that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy Charlie McCarthy. She reveals that she would sit on one of her father’s knees at the breakfast table and Charlie McCarthy sat on the other.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old student from Dublin, found her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan, 29, through a social media campaign she launched with friends. The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions from across the world. Miss Geaney and Miss Branigan met in real life and took some eerily twin-like photos together.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in the Chilterns, Oxfordshire. It boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and Blanc's two Michelin-starred restaraunt. Lucy Verasamy went for the full-on dining experience and the seven-course taster menu.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam. Retired charity worker said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there. National Farmers' Union has issued advice on protecting property from invading badgers.
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets. They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather. The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana after tip-off from customer. They found caged dogs in the kitchen, a decapitated puppy in the trash and the owner in the process of decapitating and butchering a canine carcass, putting the meat in a cooking pot. Authorities have closed a total of six Chinese restaurants in the local area since the raid.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home. The boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services. The Department of Children and Families in the small Midwestern town then contacted police who went to Banda's home, according to the Garden City Telegram. Banda says that her son was pulled out of school and interrogated by police without her.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, was a boy called Ian until she was 18. The stunning brunette has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by megastar Rihanna. Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.
Sponge Bobby suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her a painful death off the Dorset coast. The six-month-old seal had been rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments. He will unveil radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow. Critics fear that it could lead to the SNP and Labour veering increasingly to the Left by promising a more generous benefits system.
18 packages containing 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase. The drugs were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at Nice airport on a flight from the Dominican Republic. Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied it did not belong to him.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday. Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk. Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing. His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
Westerners fighting for ISIS are taking part in a sickening circle of violent one-upmanship in order to prove themselves to commanders. Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa, Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq. This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
Laura Everley, 36, was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on Facebook. She had been suffering from bloating, back pain, constipation and frequently needing the loo. Had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis, so put symptoms down to those conditions. But when she stumbled across a post describing all her symptoms, she realised it could be cancer. Tests revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread. In October 2014, she underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, said she was 'perfectly happy' with Dr Rory Lyons. Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. Police last week told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into Dr Lyons.
Colleen Ann Harris, known to family as 'Grandma Cokie', wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back. Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. She could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on June 5.
Doaa and Umm, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, were smuggled from Raqqa, in Syria, to southern Turkey after leaving the al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year. The pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group's rules - including those who tried to escape. Doaa, who left after her Saudi Arabian husband blew himself up in a suicide attack, said women also received a'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress. Umma, who was forced to marry a foreign fighter, said: 'What upset me most was lashing old women when they weren't wearing the proper clothes'
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members. The main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13, federal health officials said.
Police officer Luke Watson dyed his hair pink in support of the Day of Pink event held on April 8 across Canada. The annual event is aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the LGBT community. Ryan Willmer volunteered his fellow officer Luke for the makeover without him knowing. Luke was more than happy to undergo the transformation for the cause.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on her Instagram page and, of course, a hairbrush from her own brand, Kardashian Beauty. The reality TV star protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. He boasted in Welsh that he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized by detectives when they cracked the huge crime operation.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a pond in rural Placer County, California, on Sunday afternoon. The California Highway Patrol says the boys died despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore. The boys were airlifted to a hospital, where they died Sunday night.
The Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands and is Sir Richard Branson's private reserve. Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, 54, stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in HBO's political comedy Veep. The actress revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of the show was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years,' Julia, who also features on the cover of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, said.
Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional SWAG, including the 'Rand on a Stick' item feature above, as he kicks off his presidential campaign. The Kentucky senator, 52, is an ophthalmologist by trade, the store contains eye charts bearing Paul's name and his campaign slogan.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby, MailOnline can reveal. The couple, whose second child is due on Saturday, returned to their London base, just a few minutes’ drive from the Lindo Wing at St Mary’s, Paddington, on Sunday night. William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks’ paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess. Prince Harry, who is currently on deployment with the Australian Army, will briefly return to the UK this weekend to present winners’ medals at the London Marathon and, if all goes to plan, meet his new niece or nephew.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with claw hammer in communal garden. Rogers admitted manslaughter at Cardiff Crown Court and is due to be sentenced later today. Rogers told police he had killed Mr Hatch because he was involved in modern 'witchcraft'Mr Hatch's wife Enid found Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband.
The University of Cape Town voted to remove the statue of Cecil Rhodes. It has been vandalised in recent weeks and has not yet been decided where it will be moved. White solidarity groups in South Africa are protesting over the removal of the statue.
Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland, was pronounced dead at a local hospital. Police were called to a reported break in at a house in Hagerstown, Maryland before using a Taser on a black man who was staggering around outside. Witnesses said the officers acted professionally in taking Brown down as he cursed at police and ignored their commands to get down. Brown was black and all five officers involved are white.
Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited. Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. If the phone gets too cold, it can be heated using resistance coils. Users can then set their own custom temperatures zones and set alarm thresholds.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. Authorities believe she murdered her husband but have not commented on what led to his death or how she allegedly carried out the murder.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco. The suspects are allegedly responsible for several armed robberies across San Francisco, including three on Friday night alone, police said. A close friend of Klecker said that the pair were supposed to go to the San Francisco Giants season opener on Monday.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a'religious nutcase' when she was suspended. A Muslim colleague accused her of trying to 'bully' her into converting to Christianity. She put her hand on her Muslim colleague's knee and asked God for 'peace and healing'She also invited her to church events and gave her a book about a Muslim woman who converts to Christianity, but denied she was trying to make her convert. A disciplinary hearing upheld three complaints about the book, invitation to church and offer to pray for Miss Nawaz.
Police arrested three Syrian men who were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht. It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing. This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros - £720 to £1,080 - to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
Richard Lapointe, a former dishwasher, was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole. He confessed to raping, strangling and stabbing 88-year-old Bernice Martin at her Manchester apartment in 1989. Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized, reports say. Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row. The spat started after Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'Mr Galloway, who doesn't drink, responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars. The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles, as well as restoring them.
Bullion was loaded onto the HMS Ulster Queen in Murmansk in 1942. It was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons shipped to Russia. But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
Nicky Morgan says she would quit Cabinet if Tories enter power-sharing deal with Ukip. Senior Tory said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve'David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives, but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority.
Researcher and education expert at the University of East Anglia, Dr Teresa Belton, believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives. Belton insists that it's actually non-material things that support our wellbeing, like good relationships and a sense of belonging. The 62-year-old believes simple acts such as straightening posture and joining a community choir can increase happiness levels over time.
Ashley says the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone. Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic and says it's actually your face shape that's making you look older. Botox on the forehead alone doesn't improve appearance, but changing the shape of your face and tightening your jaw line does.
Group of 40 tourists thought they had flown to Costa Rica to enjoy the delights of Golfito. But in fact, the group of tourists were exploring the activities on offer in the country's Napo Province, in the Amazon rainforest. The creative project was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works. The stunt sparked outrage from the Costa Rican Tourism Institute, the presidential palace and the Foreign Ministry.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum wants to build a six-storey super car park in London. It will house 114 cars and five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff. It is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai, one of the world's richest men. The car park will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64. His family has not revealed the cause of his death.
Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record. The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter. Google stresses that only account holders can see their data.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5. Her body was found wrapped in plastic and doused in bleach at a house 180 miles away in Gary, Indiana. Police believe she was lured to the home by a woman posing as a social worker. The suspect is now in police custody at a Texas hospital, where she is under mental health care.
For a few hundred dollars, one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door. Experts have voiced concerns over DIY brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online. The devices stimulate the brain by applying electrical currents to a small region of the scalp.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour candidates, including senior figures such as Douglas Alexander and Vernon Coaker. It also designed websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for the crash that claimed 150 lives. The crash in the French Alps has been blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28, who is believed to have locked himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet. Mr Andersson says the public should 'patiently wait for a through, multi-party professional air safety investigation, while maintaining an independence of judgment'
Michael Wilkie was sentenced to life in prison with no parole for the 2012 murder of his third wife, Shelby Wilkie. Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. She said she 'had thoughts' that Wilkie would kill her,'mainly because he told me he would kill me'
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of Chicago. An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide. Cantu leaves behind wife Katie McGowan and their two young daughters.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat. He was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist. A 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. He is being questioned at a central London police station while police appeal for witnesses.
Beautician Chernae Noonan has stopped BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar' exclusively. BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by the world's 13th richest billionaire, Bernard Arnault. Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
David Cameron reveals he and his wife Samantha were 'falling apart' with stress of caring for son Ivan. Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. He died aged six in 2009 and his parents are now 'totally shattered' and trying to 'find a way through'Mr Cameron said: 'We weren't falling out with each other, but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything'Samantha Cameron said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to 'breaking point'
Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas, injuring 30 others before he was shot himself. Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism. Earlier this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with Purple Hearts - awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed. But one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty. Staff sergeant Shawn Manning was shot six times with two bullets still in his body.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening. Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots. Kimmel faces DUI, fleeing or evading police, and other possible charges.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago. His girlfriend Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend. The 18-year-olds have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Charlie Teo.
President Barack Obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay, lesbian and transgender youth. The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy. The petition currently has over 120,000 signatures.
'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine. Film is about legendary Soviet sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko, nicknamed 'Lady Death'She reportedly killed 309 Nazis in less than a year during battles in Odessa and strategic city. The $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. But the ghost town is still home to two final residents, who tend to the site's numerous cattle - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis.
'Child 44', starring Tom Hardy, Vincent Cassel and Gary Oldman, was due to premiere today. It tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era Russia. Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated victory over Nazi Germany.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography. The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island. Cobb had worked for the federal government, the Royal Australian Air Force and Governor-General Sir Peter Cosgrove in East Timor.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women. The newspaper was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper. New York Times won three Pulitzer prizes for international reporting and feature photography for its coverage of the Ebola outbreak.
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children. But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film being broadcast on the restaurant's television. The scene was from risque Stars network show 'Outlander' - a British-American drama.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, said Scott's death was'motivated by racial discrimination'Scott, a 50-year-old father of four, was shot dead by police officer Michael Slager on April 4. Hamilton continued to rail against Slager, who has been jailed and charged with Scott's murder, during the service. Scott's mother Judy Scott was among the hundreds of mourners at the service, arriving in a fleet of black limousines.
Bodies of two people have been found amid the wreckage of a light aircraft after it crashed near a loch in western Scotland. Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control. Lifeboats, helicopters and the police were scrambled near Loch Etive, about 30 miles from Oban.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy. He asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having treatment. He will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free.
David and Victoria Beckham want to install air-con in five rooms at £31.5m mansion. Neighbour claims it will 'affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets, my house included'Neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust. Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved plans subject to minor conditions.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown. She abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information. She admitted there was little appetite for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed.
Residents of the Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. There is almost nothing in Michael Thomas Slager's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light. People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain. Slager consistently earned positive reviews in his five years with the North Charleston Police.
Hot Dudes With Dogs was started by writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages. Now boasts 148,000 followers and is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can possibly find.
Ystradyfodwg, pronounced Ust-rady-vod-ug, is now part of Rhondda. It was the home of Mrs Clinton's great-grandmother. Hannah Jones was one of just four children out of 14 born who survived.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, of Apopka, Florida, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing 13-year-old Trinity Bachmann on February 28. Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at about 8.30pm. Trinity was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when she was killed, police said. Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was convicted of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide. Nachman and Raizel Glaubers, 21, were heading to hospital in a Toyota Camry livery cab when they were T-boned. The couple, who were married, were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013. The couple had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark, who picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost. Now, in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring, Mr and Mrs Castillo have renewed their vows - and even asked Mr Roark to serve as their 'padrino de anillo', or 'godfather of the ring'
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about his daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted: 'I dunno what the hell I am going through right now, but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it'The 46-year-old performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival in downtown Los Angeles.
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left the suspect and a police officer wounded. Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Prince George's County, according to court records. He had previously been convicted of manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over the Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. They have forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade – an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process.
Alex Salmond says Ed Miliband is 'foolish' to rule out a coalition with the SNP. He said the Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the Scottish nationalists. The former SNP leader said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after polling day. Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall star in first campaign together for Garnier Nutrisse. The campaign celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with the brand. The pair can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache. This Morning presenter Holly said: 'I absolutely loved shooting with Davina, she is such an iconic brunette'
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year. A specialist at Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital discovered the football-sized tumour in her belly. The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach. Rosannah's aunt Jessica Searle is seeking treatment for her niece in the United States.
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, and their 18-month-old brother Harsh, are among the world's heaviest young children. They weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively. The food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. Now their father, of Gurjarat, India, is planning to sell his kidney to pay for life-saving treatment. He said: 'If my kids continue to grow at this rapid rate they will have major health issues'
Tunisian skipper Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night. He was charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel, however, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship.
Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems for the first time since 2013, poll reveals. Nick Clegg's party is now equal with Nigel Farage's UKIP in the polls, according to ComRes survey. It is the latest blow to Farage's faltering election campaign with less than a month to go.
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear, but it is believed to mean that minimum wage earners wouldn't be paying any income tax. Text message intended for a senior aide to George Osborne was accidentally sent to a newspaper. Labour's Ed Miliband yesterday pledged to raise the level above £8 an hour by October 2019.
Frankie Ruttledge, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12. Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years. Now the Slimming World consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time - to marry the love of her life Luke Haynes.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies. Despite being'very sporty at school', the actress says she's 'not a gym person'
An extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger wearing a slouch hat. The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye. The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
Dana Marie McKinnon, of Oviedo, Florida, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide. She is being held at the Orange County Jail on $10,150 bail. McKinnon was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo. The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama. He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. He has helped refine Miliband’s message about tackling cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share. But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises. If they find him guilty, they must also decide whether he should be put to death or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss, possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle. Research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to l-lysine and iron supplements.
The Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays. 'I’m giving the parents of the children responsible for this spate of violence a very clear message. Get your kids off the streets. Get them back to communities and back into school,’ Mr Giles said.
Rob MacFarlane shared a picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning. The little critter climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop. The crane operator said: 'It's not unusual. Raccoons seem to like cranes'MacFarlane has seen raccoons on his crane before and found 'evidence' of their presence.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove. But the Derby-based model was secretly'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost three stone.
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor. Karen, 52, died in January of pneumonia and Colin, 63, died of heart failure in May. Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the country's eastern Agri Province. Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning.
Leanna Norris, 25, of Auburn, Maine, admitted killing two-year-old Loh Grenada. She drugged the girl with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape. She then smothered her with a blanket so she 'would not have to look at Loh's eyes'Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Larry McElroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard. While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and the recliner she was sitting in and struck her in the back.
Dino Maglio has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison for raping a 16-year-old Australian girl. Maglio admitted drugging her with a tranquilliser and having sex with her, even though she was under-age. He admitted spiking a drink of Baileys liqueur belonging to the girl with a sedative, and when asked why he told police: 'I am stupid, there was no real reason'Maglio was ordered to pay €60,000 ($83,000) to the victim and her mother, who was travelling with her at the time.
Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses. Alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling.
Asda recalled packs of Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ months after complaint on Facebook. Complaint said the teat had detached from the hard casing of one dummy, but baby was unharmed. It is the second recall in two years after the Little Angels Cherry Soother was recalled in 2013.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim. She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’Her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now.
The first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that eldest daughter Malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. 'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old  driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday.
The #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes campaign was created by Rape Crisis London. It aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of how they are dressed. The campaign has also produced 2,000 photographs of 200 women in London in various outfits.
Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport as he returned from Syria, where he is believed to have been fighting the Islamic State. In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants - an action which is penalised with life in prison in Australia. The 43-year-old, who has an army background, was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list. Around 90 Australians are understood to have travelled to the Middle East to join militant causes.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff. He will claim Ed Miliband's economic policies could see 'a million more people joining the dole queues'Claims he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful. As it gets older, the body’s reserves of collagen deplete, causing skin to lose firmness.
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer called Viktoriia Rogotneva. The men release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
Spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours. There are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the UK.
Michelle Mone bought three-bedroom townhouse in Park Circus area of Glasgow for £780,700. She split from her then husband Michael in December 2011 and spent months renovating the property. The three-storey property has been 'impeccably refurbished' and is on the market for £875,000. She plans to move back into her family home, a five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire.
Gold Coast City Council will be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence. The new powers, approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad, means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie’s South Kensington. Filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners’ travels, the Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors.
All 62 items - including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks - have been placed in storage. Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, and 36 others were given life sentences. Mohamed Badie, the spiritual leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, and 13 other defendants were ordered to be executed. The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling Cairo protest camp in the months after a military coup overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013. Soltan grew up in Missouri, Michigan and Ohio and graduated from Ohio State in 2012.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, have been married for seven days and have known each other for a total of seven days. Ryan admits that he is committed to making their marriage work. Davina Kullar, 34, and Sean Varricchio return home from their honeymoon in Colorado. Ryan DeNiro and Jessica Castro are still going through a rough patch after he allegedly called her 'Monroe' lip-piercing last week.
Five Afghan men were found in the back of a refrigerated lorry in Gloucestershire. Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40 near Churcham. It is thought the migrants had climbed into the British-registered truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and travelling across Britain.
Police believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW. The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Detective Superintendent Mick Willing. The three-year-old's parents released a heart-wrenching video pleading for their missing son's return. William had been in the front yard of his grandmother's house in Kendall, NSW, when he disappeared in September last year.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. A white dwarf star is the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel. This means that, for close encounters, the gravitational pull of the star and associated tides, caused by the difference in gravity's pull on the near and far side of the planet, are greatly enhanced.
Every adult in Britain would be paid £72 a week under a commitment in the Green manifesto. But party leader Natalie Bennett admitted her pledges could take decades to implement. She said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer. Another Green pledge was to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines.
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. The event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night. Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation. FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows, the beautiful designs we can't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Only five batches of Classic Hummus are being recalled. Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'The company said it has so far not yet received any sickness reports.
Heather Mack, 19, faces 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack. Baby Stella was born by cesarean section last month at a prison hospital in Bali.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought the leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland. It claims it was born, reared and slaughtered in the UK. But a stamp on the meat is from the New Zealand health inspector. Asda says it has carried out an investigation into the mistake.
Steve and Sarah Nick allegedly built up huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition. Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple, who are said to have links to the Michigan militia, are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings. Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services in August last year.
A majority of the public does not want Camilla to become queen if Prince of Wales succeeds to the throne, a poll for the Daily Mail reveals. William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family, closely followed by the Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge. Four out of ten people think Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes. The 20-year-old posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt. She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy. Niall has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, say researchers at the University of East Anglia. The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk.
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years. She said she would not call for another plebiscite in the SNP manifesto for the Westminster election. But she said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she can influence the policies of a Labour government and keep it 'honest'
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996. Crimestoppers is now offering a reward for information that leads to the arrest of Kerr.
A third of Australian women are choosing work and'more important things' over their passions, according to a new study. Psychologists and wellness experts have long-known that we're at our happiest when we're doing the things we love. Dr Paula Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. The photographer said he was initially 'fearful and unsure' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea, but didn't let that stop him from the new adventure. Russ, from Portland, began using the iPhone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected.
Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars - the most since 2007. We are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. We had atrocious relations between management and unions, and a legal framework that gave all the power to the unions. Miliband is turning the Labour Party sharply back to the Left, and actively repudiating Tony Blair.
Joe Anderson, 56, the Mayor of Liverpool, claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School. He tried to justify the payments by saying he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him. Mr Anderson, who is paid an £80,000 salary, tried to sue the school for discrimination after it stopped payments. He said he was being punished for a 'philosophical belief' in public service.
Andreas Lubitz, who purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, had been treated for a psychiatric illness, it later emerged. The discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots' medical records.
Ronnie Carroll died just days after getting on General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his nomination papers.
Some hospitals are letting patients jump NHS queues for cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves. Some trusts are charging up to a ‘shameful’ £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs the health service. Campaigners accuse hospitals of profiting from elderly patients.
Study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes. Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police. He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night. Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. The student's father, Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, previously said he wanted his son 'to come home as soon as possible'
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno which began at Paul's Hair World in Manchester's Northern Quarter almost two years ago. More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze, which erupted on July 13, 2013, as frightened passers-by watched on. The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight. She was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday. The Victorian Farmers Federation said the campaign 'denigrates, offends, belittles and insults every Australian's intelligence'The Minister for Agriculture, Barnaby Joyce has also voiced his outrage calling the campaign a 'load of rubbish'
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan. A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying. On Thursday, a coroner's jury in Regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on Bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder.
NBC News chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012. The broadcaster had previously reported that the kidnapping was carried out by forces associated with President Bashar al-Assad. But Mr Engel has revealed that following analysis of his kidnapping it is likely the men that took him were in fact a Sunni group who had tried to convince their victims they were Shi-ite rebels affiliated to the Government. The statement also raises concerns that rather than being freed following a harrowing firefight, as they were told, this may actually have been staged for propaganda purposes.
Kai Windsor, 10, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, started life as a girl. He would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around. By four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short. By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: ‘I’m really a boy’He is now set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the head during rush-hour traffic in Houston, Texas. Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault. He is being held on $250,000 bond and is a documented gang member, police say.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its design. The Massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn. iRobot claims the astronomers' concerns are exaggerated and said the chances of its gardening technology will interfere with space exploration are 'infinitesimal'
The curtain fell on Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 on Thursday night in a spectacular finale show by Johanna Johnson. The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers. Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month, interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere.
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house in Blackburn, Lancashire. The pet has attacked several terrified postmen and has led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood. Residents living on two surrounding roads have been making four-and-a-half mile round trips, sometimes by taxi, to collect their mail.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.She then opened fire with a shotgun, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries. Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December. He was introduced to Jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable. Video footage shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit. At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight. Footage shows a large croc swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws. The dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner and was wearing a red collar. Croc held on to its catch for hours as it lurked around the marina, in Mexico.
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. The rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves, called the Qadaa al-Haajah, was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented. It states that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised. Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation. But the team led by Hans-Ulrich Auster at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, said their data don't support this theory.
The teenagers were detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands, during a 6am raid. A 39-year-old man has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism. All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station and have been detained under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act.
Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X laboratory, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities. 'Perhaps we can get to the point where we can outsource our own personal experiences entirely into a computer - and possibly our own personality,' he said.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army. But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. The senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to Mr Abbott's stance on same-sex marriage, saying she is'sad' that he is not a supporter of it. Ms McGregor, now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force, spent 40 years in the Army, most of those under the name Malcolm.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the woman insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple. NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the incident. The abusive woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral.
Elton John and lead singer of REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison. ‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ according to a joint statement the musicians released Tuesday. Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
The sum will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic. The settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the U.S. involving sexual misconduct by a physician, and all but closes a case that never produced criminal charges.
North West was a happy traveller on Tuesday as she arrived in Paris with her famous parents. The only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the Charles-de-Gaulle airport. The family of three had arrived after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the Old City, as well as Kim's home nation of Armenia.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable. Even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body.
The 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time. It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night. Ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 (£17 to £20)
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School have developed a device that can be attached to the camera of an iPhone 4s device. The device works by using microbeads that specifically target molecules that sit on the surface of cancer cells. When clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample. They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in the image if clumped together. The researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in around 45 minutes.
Jerry Grayson, 59, was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Rescue in 1979. He set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew as part of Royal Navy rescue missions during the 1970s. He travelled 23,000 miles to find every chopper he had ever flown - but found one had been converted into a posh camping facility. The Wessex Mark 1 now resides between a gypsy caravan and an old Routemaster bus near Ditchling, Sussex.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been in hospital for undisclosed reasons in Maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday. Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals. Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list. Police said they did not expect to arrest Parler until she was cleared for release from the hospital and charged in Maryland as a fugitive.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon, before risking wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same'Devon tradition is to slather the scone with cream first, while Cornish – who also lay claim to inventing cream teas – prepare their scones the opposite way.
Martin Alvarado Jr, from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly. He was watching Edwin at their home in Cicero last Thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change.
Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5. Venessa was diagnosed after a fall left her with pains in her leg and her leg started to hurt. It was after this she discovered she had cancer in the neck of her right femur. The 12-year-old was named international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school when Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her. Blackwell had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash. Maureen Baker, 45, wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene of her child’s death so they could be reunited. Her husband Paul, 47, told the hearing his wife was depressed and had been unable to return to her job at Oxford University.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students. Rudison's son, 27, who was with her and allegedly took part in the attack remained at large Monday evening. Both girls were taken to the hospital to be treated for a suspected exposure to bleach.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered deadly toxin off the 'dark web'He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers. Teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month. But he claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
Digital art student Kelsey Higley, 22, created a video entitled 'Manipulation' to show what her body might look like if she could mold it like modelling clay on a whim. Her body has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes and even digitally alters her face, making her eyes appear much bigger than they are.
Micha Stunz, 45, has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections. It is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5lbs (4.3kg), he claims. He uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public.
A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK. He asks Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response: 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative'He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties. Asked them what they thought the most important issues facing the country were. Not one Labour candidate listed government spending or the deficit as an issue. 35 per cent of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of the SNP.
Rebecca Adlington and husband Harry stayed at Anantara the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai. The resort is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else. It has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels.
Boris Johnson has'suddenly realised' that David Cameron is not his 'competition'Home Secretary Theresa May, Chancellor George Osborne and Boris Johnson are potential successors. Cameron said: 'Terms are like shredded wheat : two are wonderful but three might just be too many'
DC Ciara Campbell, 43, is accused of spying on her ex-partner Stuart Swarbrick. She is also accused of prying on his new partner Alice Coxhead, a civilian police worker. Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
Supermarket giant published a list of healthy tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active. Insiders say it is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Angela Linton, 47, from Handsworth, Birmingham, abused teacher Thomas O'Brien. Her son started at Perry Beeches secondary school in September last year, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard. She was given a community order, told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185.
Duke of York rescued more than 100 vulnerable young women in Calcutta. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, child labour and human trafficking. The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity Key to Freedom. Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the High Street.
Australian internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally. The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies, including iiNet and other ISPs, should hand over the names and IP addresses of those who illegally shared the film. But internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia. This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure. It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell. Her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day, she will draw a new one on her skin.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, struggled with his weight since childhood. His mother would bring back treats from the biscuit factory where she worked and he would spend his pocket money on pick and mix.
11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox, will be tucked inside the Orion spacecraft's stage adapter. Three missions will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space. Near-Earth Asteroid Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations. BioSentinel will use yeast to detect, measure, and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond Low-Earth Orbit.
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month. Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million by listing agents. Darren and Dea are hoping they've created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like. Josh and Charlotte's apartment has garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property.
Britain ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table looking at a range of living standards. Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance, putting Britain outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people.
More than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America, are the subjects of a new independent film, also named Check It. The film tells of how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at, while others have served time in juvenile prisons. But now, the 'tight-knit' gang members, who are aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. They are working on their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and working stints as models.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children. Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in April 2006. In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismissed all other claims.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week in the lead up to the Anzac centenary. The campaign was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users. Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign. A spokeswoman for Woolworths told Daily Mail Australia it is not a marketing strategy.
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House. It was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm, according to thenextweb.com. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which described it as a 'great source of classified information'Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk.
The Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid. Designer Kazzie Mahina, 37, from Byron Bay, New South Wales, created the flippers to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature. The product has taken off around the world and can be used by kids and grown-ups alike.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules. They left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top. Residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' for enforcing rules to the letter.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in the crash in Crowborough, East Sussex. Mr Owen, 21, was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. Mr Careford is thought to have died just days before turning 21. It is believed that one of the men lost control of the Renault Clio.
Nikki Thomas, 27, from South Wales, says she wishes she had done more to save her sister. Jenna was strangled to death by Philip Packer, then aged 21, in a jealous rage in 2008. Nikki says she wants to turn back the clock and tell Jenna she didn't have to 'put up' with his behaviour. Nikki said neither she or Jenna realised how far Packer would go and 'kind' Jenna didn't consider reporting him to police.
Jesse Willesee was arrested at Sydney Town Hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on Monday. His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on Instagram. Jesse lit up a joint on Monday as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on April 20. The campaign is a universal celebration of cannabis with people smoking dope at exactly 4:20pm every year.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago. In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year. A White House state dinner is the highest diplomatic honour the U.S. reserves for allies and other countries.
Two Muslim Liverpool supporters prayed to Mecca at half-time in an FA Cup match. They rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand, apparently with the full consent of safety staff. One of the men, solicitor Asif Bodi, 46, from Preston, explained that because the televised game didn't kick off until 4pm, the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground.
Study uncovered a link between belief in God and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy. Scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. Communities that believe in a high, controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code, tend to live in politically complex groups.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry at Dunblane Cathedral next week. The pair have been together for a decade and have been dating since 2005. Murray admits he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day. He has left the majority of the planning to his fiancee, 27-year-old Kim Sears. Miss Sears is the daughter of former Lawn Tennis Association head of women's tennis Nigel Sears.
Jon Hamm, 44, was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the Sigma Nu fraternity at the University of Texas at Austin in 1990. The actor allegedly set fire to a pledge and beat him with a paddle and used a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals. Hamm was eventually charged with assault in connection with the hazing incident, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday. The woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5. Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, were sentenced Thursday to multiple years in federal prison for their role in the 2011 hate killing of 47-year-old James Craig Anderson. Both women were in the car when a group of white teens drove from their suburban town after a party with the specific intent of assaulting black men in Jackson.
Katrina Maddox, 23, had baby Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday. Her first son Reuben, two, was delivered by his father, Peter, 30, in the back of an ambulance. Edward was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother Reuben.
Britain was sixth from last in a list of the world's most religious countries. Thailand was the most religious country at 94 per cent, followed by Armenia, Bangladesh, Georgia and Morocco. China was at the bottom of the list where 61 per cent of people are atheists.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments, and said he had a photograph of the document, but the court requires a hard copy. The 2005 Brownlow medallist was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of the airline's new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco. Airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop the recommended practices.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist. She has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam.
Sam Reese, 22, recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show. He asked his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself. The 22-year-old's crime sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter. 'I couldn’t believe some of the reactions from people on Twitter,' he said.
Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them.
Trotters, based on the King's Road, London, have released 'New Born Baby Collection'The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers. There are pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls, and pink or blue rabbit booties.
Hillary Clinton and husband Bill enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home. Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions. Experts claim prolonged sales devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
James Hannaway, manager of Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings. He says he has cancelled the baby matinees due to 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'Mr Hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies.
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya in January last year. She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding his body in a suitcase. She then told police the boy had wandered off sparking a huge manhunt.
A train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday morning. The train's conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped. They walked through their stalled train into a rescue train and left around 10am.
Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet. It is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the ISS, where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on Earth. It uses a 'capsule system' to fill plastic pouches with espresso and other hot drinks such as tea. The machine can also be used to rehydrate food.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire. Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin. The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney. Sanders withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter being disbanded.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event. It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War. The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5. The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees. The bees were being transported from Sunnyside, in central Washington, to a blueberry farm in Lynden, a city near the Canadian border.
Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the beautiful park close to her Windsor Castle home on Monday. On Thursday the Monarch was seen trotting through the park again with Pendry as the sunshine lit up the blooming flora.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show. One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, received black market injections from a self-proclaimed ‘physician’ who had her face filled with cement at a 'pumping party'
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of pilots. The new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year.
Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the prestigious Paris-Roubaix race for the last time for Team Sky. The one-day road race is known for its challenging 254km route, which includes 27 cobbled sections and level crossings.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & SAatchi, wears the exact same 'uniform’ – an outfit made up of black trousers, white shirt and a custom leather rosette – every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only.' In an article for Harper's Bazaar, Matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded. Brazil accounted for almost one million of them, followed by France, the US, Canada and UK. Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year, figures reveal.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday. Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq, and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising. One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy. Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail. The news comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the North Charleston Police Department.
HSBC ordered to pay £500 to couple for their ‘distress and inconvenience’ over the ‘unfair application of its age policy’Banking watchdog found it ‘relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age’ in the case.
Judge Denzil Lush said both sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs 'because of the intense acrimony between them'Ruling was made in the secretive Court of Protection in which hearings are routinely closed to the public.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, made a Craigslist ad for his 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest. He used a drone to film the ad over the weekend at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska. The ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Taurus commercial, which is sometimes interjected with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to the car.
Miss Middleton, 31, wore a tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top. She walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years Nico Jackson, 36, before leaning in for a kiss. Pair had been enjoying a romantic supper at upmarket restaurant Margaux.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan. Evan, 7, believes the fairy is from Australia because once the fabled creature was 'a little late' in coming to leave money for the child in exchange for his tooth. Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, made the message for the little boy named Evan on the request of Mr Hall.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over her face. Her body was found by other nuns at Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, South Africa. Police say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her.
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo in Norway. The five-year-old had got his head stuck in a fence when he was gored to death by the eland. Around 30 people, many of them children, witnessed the unprovoked attack.
Doctors at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses', ever seen. They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab, to treat skin cancer. After just one dose of the two drugs, the 49-year-old woman reported her tumour 'kind of dissolved'She was treated as part of a clinical trial to test effects of a new drugs combination on patients with advanced melanoma.
Best-selling author Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story about an eating disorder. Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. Wilson complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article.
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis. It flipped and landed on its roof in the early hours of the morning. Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday. EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied. Methyl Bromide, which is odorless, can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system.
Sarah Flower says it's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods. The cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health, she says.
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40 feet off Appley Bridge Quarry, near Wigan, in 2012. Her friends dragged her onto the banking and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation. She had several operations during a three-month hospital stay, including metal plating in her ankle. After the accident, she was unable to walk or stand, and had to learn all over again.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia. He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two cubs also believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting. Masha the bear cub is being hailed as a real life Paddington after being flown business class to a new home in Moscow.
Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the eyebrow raising service. Both offer a similar service, asking people to send their messages in, at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo. Burger King has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of the advertising.
Sofia Vergara's attorney said Friday the actress has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex Nick Loeb but has no plans to use them either as she has moved on with her life. Loeb filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos. It's been reported that the Modern Family star had allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and Loeb's child.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty, 35, in Hua Hin, Thailand. Ms Patty, also known as Patty Patrick, has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death'She claims she was not with another man, but out with friends when an 'obviously drunk' Mr Mackay appeared in the bar around 1am. The couple had been seeing each other for three years but he ended their relationship last month.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday. But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday. Some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin.
James Freedman, 49, is the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet. He's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime. Freedman has also advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the 'art' to actors.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey. According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. She had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible. She chose Colbie Caillat's hit Try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year, for her debut performance.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, without even stopping for a snack when she was nine years old. Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson went on the attack on Sunday morning's Today show. She said that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong. Ms Hanson also said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'Her comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday.
Bali Nine ringleaders Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday. A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, fled New Hampshire in 2004. Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, refused to hand daughter over to biological father Mark Nunes. She took girl to Colorado, then boarded a flight to South America and was not seen again for a decade.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web. She said it's hard for people to know where the line stops when it comes to posting personal details online. Private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends.
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola. Chloe and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. Chloe admits she struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, collapsed in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park, Essex. Her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart stopped. Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her CPR. She is now recovering at home with her mother Denise Bennett.
The group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts. The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked.
Lib Dem leader lists a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off' and have deserted the party since 2010. He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn't want to take any'responsibility'Public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts, he claimed.
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving Sanctuary nightclub in Glasgow at 1am on Sunday. Her handbag, which she was carrying on the night of her disappearance, was found by a member of the public. Police have now found 'human remains' on a farm outside the city and arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with her death. Officers made the discovery last night as they combed rural land on the outskirts of Milngavie, some nine miles from Glasgow.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores. His wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her. He pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face, leaving her with a black eye. He was given a 12-month community order and ordered not to intimidate, harass or pester his wife.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino. The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
More than 200 girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing. Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs. Others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves. 1.2m people have been forced to flee their home, displaced inside Nigeria or crossing into neighbouring Cameroon, Chad and Niger.
System spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development. By looking for distinctive ‘breath prints’, researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease. Israeli researchers say system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without invasive procedures.
Pierre Collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10. The body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center. The case is being considered a homicide based on the autopsy and information from the medical examiner, said Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours. FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out. Greece has been given until 20 April to clean up its finances and set in place a number of economic reforms, necessary if it is to receive further rescue money.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane Tuesday morning local time, putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes just two months after they tied the knot. Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement. The sighting comes just hours after People.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives'
The former first lady, senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event, but her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion. Clinton's team took flak last week in Iowa after a Democratic Party operative conceded that Clinton's state political director Troy Price pre-vetted and drove a trio of activists to a coffee shop, where they played the part of everyday Americans.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, have been together since October last year. They worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida full-time and part-time. The daycare receives $2,442 in taxpayer funding per child from the state of Florida for providing voluntary prekindergarten (VPK) during the school year.
Natasha Willard, 17, from Cwmbran, Wales, was studying for her A-levels when she fell ill. She was diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain, four months ago. Her family are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
SNP leader hit back at claims she poses a'real and present danger' to the UK. Sir John Major claimed the SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster to foster division. He mocked Ms Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a Labour government, when she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself.
Sir Paul and Ms Mills married Heather Mills in 2002 at 17th Century Castle Leslie in Ireland. The couple separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008. The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her Adelaide home in January 2012. Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect. In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Families SA's ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. He was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support when he died. A month before the tragedy, North Yorkshire County Council sent workers to inspect the hole. But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
Scott Stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man dying of hypothermia. The 19-year-old was re-bailed after he failed to turn up to a previous court hearing. He rifled through his victim's pockets and made off with the man's iPhone 4. Stephenson and friend Dale Walker, 25, found him but took his phone and abandoned the man.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts designed to drum up support before May 7. Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet people as they go about their daily lives.
US researchers say very few weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. Results suggest only a few programmes have shown users lose more weight than those not using them. Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere, while some may actually be harmful to health.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night, bringing mostly light but necessary rainfall. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season. Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of Northern California and coated the mountains in snow - a welcome respite but one that will do little to ease the historic drought, forecasters say.
Mathew Sitko, 23, of Lewiston, Idaho, crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence. Sitko crashed through the adjoining property and would have driven off the drop if it weren't for the fence. The man, a passer-by, grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko's window, before pulling the victim from the car.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband. He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans. The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear, bookmakers Coral say. She is ahead of former X-Factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and British model Jodie Kidd.
Work and Pensions Secretary hits out at Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'Claims Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' and is 'peddling lies'Hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at a record high, in interview with Daily Mail. Calls on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' to champion the Government's achievements.
Gemma Collins has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans. The 34-year-old star has gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind her successful brand. New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out. Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said.
New figures show 238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014. This is just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007. Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year. Germany proved a more visited destination even than France and Italy.
One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051, research shows. Rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants. Campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and NHS.
Sophie Thomas wore a shirt with the word 'feminist' on it for class photo day. Administrators at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio, had word removed. School principal said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'Thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems.
Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot. Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts. Another 18-year-old, from Hampton Park, is also expected to be charged with preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age, from Downton creator Julian Fellowes. Made by the US network NBC, it will be set among high society families of New York in the late 19th Century.
Form was purchased at an ephemera show in Delaware by rare book dealer Ian Brabner. It asks ‘are you of the white race or of a colored race?’ and ‘do you believe in White Supremacy?' The form is ominously titled ‘Invisible Empire’, an alternative name for the clan at the time, born from founder Nathan Bedford Forrest’s claim that the group was ‘invisible’
Leonardo DiCaprio bought Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated, private 104-acre Belizean island, in 2005 for $1.75 million, and now plans to build a luxury eco-resort there. The resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the ailing area.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested. The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail. She allegedly played naked Twister with the group of teens before she had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead. He was a deputy for the Party of Regions in Ukraine's previous parliament. At least six former government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction. The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
Scotland is the most popular wedding destination in the UK, according to a survey by the country's tourist board. A quarter (24 per cent) of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country. Tourist board survey found that Scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000 - making it most popular part of the UK in which to tie the knot.
ISIS has taken control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in south Damascus, it has been claimed. The jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis. The Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy, but its presence in the camp has been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the Assad regime.
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday. Meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
People often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that’s bone dry, grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. So what is the best way to cook the perfect steak? Do you season before or after? Oil the pan or the meat? And what are the best cuts?
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average'A staggering 96 per cent of women around the world describe themselves as average, leaving just four per cent to admit they consider themselves beautiful. The statistics are highlighted in a new video by Dove which shows women having to walk through doors, either marked beautiful or average.
Customers at Rio de Janeiro snack bar were unwittingly eating pastries made from the meat of stray dogs, police said today. Officers investigating the popular fast food house reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. Dog meat was used for the fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef.
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition which causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities. These included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features. He also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
Mahendra Bavishi, who lives in Sudan, said detectives have asked to put some ‘sensitive’ questions to his British-based son. He said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in. Mr Bavishi described the robbery as a ‘tragedy’ for his family.
Campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation. Essex and Gloucestershire have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states. Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them. The man faces five charges of rape, four counts of indecent treatment of children under 16, and eight counts of grooming child under 16 with intent to procure engagement in a sexual act.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits. Parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016. Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her'services'She allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station on Friday instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested on Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home in Macon, Georgia. The home was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway and called police. Deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and 3 cats - most in crates. The animals' bodies were apparently so decayed that it was impossible to conduct a necropsy to see how they died.
A Dartmouth College judicial committee has 'derecognized' Alpha Delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides. It found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland. The blood suckers were discovered in the international terminal baggage on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31. Tests are being carried out to narrow down exactly where the exotic insect came from.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir. He was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week. Ahmed is the son of Rochdale councillor Shakil Ahmed, who was pictured with Ed Miliband.
The German woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon. Three thieves 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag. The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Andrea Furlan was filmed by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes. He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune, while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. As the first cow reaches a tree, the whole herd begin picking up speed and collectively run to the source of the sound.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April. The minister from Sydney’s exclusive suburb of Point Piper confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance during the Second World War. He was a sergeant in the RAF police and she was a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service. They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester to raise their 'adored' family. After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month, her husband followed two days later.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. The English and drama teacher vanished on Easter Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Her car was found by police on Thursday, 7km outside of the town of Griffith. Her sister Kim Scott was flying in from Abu Dhabi to attend her big day.
Labour leader refuses to guarantee Harriet Harman would become Deputy PM if Labour wins election. Miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power. She has previously suggested Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to make her Deputy PM was sexist.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan. Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property. Surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
Student says that traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in London. She turned to prostitution as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her. The student says that it has been beneficial towards her studies as it fits around her course.
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold November night last year. The couple, who had been married for 53 years, sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue. The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious.
The Houston Texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with Reebok. Watt, 26, will be the face of the company's 'Be More Human' ad campaign.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall in London. He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
During a TED talk, Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, explained that 'fat' is just another word - and using it doesn't have to be an insult. Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them. Lillian hopes exposing her audience to a fuller figure will change their perceptions.
Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons. The club were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone. FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess. Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table.
The Golden State is turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. Californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water, digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with peaches, sweet peppers and pistachios. California farmers now satisfy 84 per cent of the world’s almond demand.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course in Hamble. Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve. Three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return the garment.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen. The 14 foot-long linen has the faded image of a man who appears to have been crucified.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing - the greatest tragedy in her state's recent history - but doesn't believe he should be executed. 'My heart goes out to the families here but I don't support the death penalty. I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison. But that's just how I see it. It's up to the jury,' she said. Warren went on to speak about current Democratic party issues, as well as comment and likely presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, was diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather. The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours, before everybody was ordered off anyway.
Louise Smith, 38, secretly plucked a young girl's hair and put it in her food. CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head. She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May when she planted the hairs. But Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Salads in British supermarkets are being grown by workers treated like'slaves'Migrant workers say they are denied basic hygiene facilities. Some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting. They claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. The two children pulled from the submerged vehicle by firefighters were hospitalized in grave condition, authorities said.
Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to Aaron Schock. Schock, 33, resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending. County officials estimate each will run about $38,000. Schock's campaign fund balance is $3.3 million.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore. Putnam County Sheriff's Office said Tate Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River. The unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not, according to deputies. On Sunday, officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
Jack Welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive. The former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. Welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education, which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out.
Saturday Night Live poked fun at Hillary Clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president, by mocking her decision to tell the world via social media. The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'Bill Clinton was also featured in the skit, urging America to elect Hillary so he could be her vice president.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan picked up a rare purple Beanie Baby for £10 at a car boot sale. They later found out it was one of just 100 made around the world for the Princess of Wales Memorial Trust. Pair, from Launceston, Cornwall, are now selling it on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
The new law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs, movie theatres, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks. It would also require 'temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs. The Brownback administration has signaled its support for the measure.
Firm linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head. Also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
Visitors to the CN Tower in Toronto can walk on its glass floor or hang over the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to a rail. The Grand Canyon Skywalk in Arizona is nearly 4,000ft above the floor on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars after he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel. He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified. Laing sent a letter to the parole board last month describing himself as 'a high risk offender and danger to the community'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are taking their Masterclass of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia. Skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector.
Driss Diaeddinn, 50, bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers, 38, and 56, and their mother, 76, on the ground floor of their Phoenix, Arizona home at 2pm on Thursday. He then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, 26-year-old Meriem Ben Yahia, before taking his own life. His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed called 911. Police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business.
Paul, a libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator, launched his presidential bid on Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky. He was joined by his wife Kelley Ashby on stage Tuesday as he declared that he would campaign to 'take our country back'On the TODAY show, Paul the younger avoided taking a stand on the nuclear agreement the White House says it has carved out with Tehran's mullahs.
Greek-born economist Vicky Pryce, 62, spent two months in prison for perverting the course of justice over Chris Huhne's speeding points. She is said to be 'close' to former MP and convicted fraudster Denis MacShane.
The 17,000-square-foot home is just 25 minutes from Vail's ski slopes, an hour and 45 minutes from Aspen and two hours from Denver. It took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door. The home, which is known as 'Il Podere' - meaning 'family homestead' - was built on 230 acres of land using materials collected during the homeowner's trips to Italy.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy. She is the second transgender teen who sought services at the center to die by suicide since March.
An Australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless, new evidence shows. Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained by the ABC. The full story will be shown on ABC's Foreign Correspondent at 8pm on Tuesday.
13-year-old Stephanie wrote to her father in Nevada’s Delamar Dry Lake. Her father is a keen photographer and likes to take pictures of the earth when he is floating in space. She enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, 71, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions. One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies in a box. The 71-year-old had already been made subject to a ban which prevented him from keeping any pets until May 2015 after an animal hoarding case in 2011.
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, a mother to two young children, Darcy, 13, and Tilda, 2, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. The mother-of-two turned to a new drug, Keytruda, to help fight off the deadly disease. It works differently to chemotherapy, which attacks all the cells in the system, even healthy ones. The medication costs $6000 a month, and is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian. The Miami-based Latina has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the city's fashion crowd.
Ibrahim Anderson and Shah Jahah Khan accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street. They are accused of handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join ISIS on the busy shopping street. Anderson and Khan both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation. The charge relates to an offence on August 9 last year, when the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about ISIS. Anderson also denied possessing information likely to be useful for the preparation of an act of terrorism.
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, Hampshire, sparked a nationwide police manhunt in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. While on the run, he posted photographs of himself on Facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink Dame Edna Everage-style glasses. He is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison guards.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building in Washington D.C. on Wednesday afternoon. Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone. The Florida mailman's flight to raise awareness for campaign finance reform and donation caps caused the Capitol to go into lockdown as stunned members of the public watched him land his single-seater craft.
Leo Schofield, 79, moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help Tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage. He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent. He plans to reserve a chapter in his memoirs dedicated to his time in Tasmania.
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state'Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
Todd Larson, 55, had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville home on March 25 when an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am. He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home. Mr Larson said he has contacted Delta Airlines and the person in charge of the aircraft has not returned his calls.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
Piper Boddy, eight, died in a two-car crash on New South Wales' Central Coast on Saturday. She was in the car with her mother, Chantelle Boddy and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. Her grandmother Helen Boddy was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm. Seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services. Two boys, aged nine and 12, were airlifted to The Children's Hospital at Westmead.
Nigel Jackson, 59, was arrested at his home in Alvor, near Portimao in the Algarve, in January. Body of his wife Brenda Davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside in the garden. At the time he claimed she had committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer. But after being shown evidence she was killed, he has now changed his story. In a letter from jail he says she must have died during a bungled burglary. But he sticks to the rest of his original story, saying he buried her in his garden with their pets.
Money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what firms pay in corporation tax. Citizens UK is campaigning for the adoption of the Living Wage - £9.15 an hour in London.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. They are a central node of the brain's means for regulating body weight, in response to influences from the hormone leptin. When they are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese. The new research could lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume.
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill. It is made entirely from timber imported from Norway and has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding it. The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished.
The septum ring isn't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes - the boys would be given the nose ring when they became a man, the Shawnee leaders Tecumseh and Tenskwatawa both had them.
The number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013. Overall, the United States generated 3.1 million jobs last year, the most since 1999.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web. But officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, jailed for 30 months at Southwark Crown Court. He admitted robbing Stanley Evans, 93, in the entrance to his block of flats in Soho, London. He had 21 convictions for 49 offences, including three robberies and a history of drug misuse and mental health issues. In a victim impact statement, Mr Evans said he wanted his attacker locked up for a long time.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them. The pair - who had only met earlier that night - were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston. Hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her, but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted'The trial is expected to last two weeks.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity. A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville, New Jersey, saying she had been reinstated. Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful'
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after taking baby Cristabelle out for the first time. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat. Couple exchanged a number of letters with the council over the next two years. Row escalated from initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on door and demanding £400.
Duke of Kent, 79, was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday. Spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged this afternoon. His Royal Highness Prince Edward walked to his daughter Lady Helen Taylor's car with a walking stick. Buckingham Palace said he had been'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday. Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money. The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail, which was discovered by hikers four days later.
Boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it. He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Two raiders stripped off their shirts before attempting to rob the Esso filling station in Caterham, Surrey, last Wednesday. The men, who were both in their 20s, forced their way into the manager's office of the filling station looking for cash. They were disturbed by a member of the garage staff and fled. Police in Surrey have released CCTV of the two raiders who stripped-off their shirts.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28. Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night. The Samoan man was ordered to surrender his passport, aherre to a curfew from 6pm to 2am.
Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and those with disabilities, sent to an inhuman death by Adolf Hitler and his demented regime. Diarist Anne Frank, and her sister Margot, also died here. Shortly after liberation by British and Canadian troops in 1945, it was torched, and at least part of that suffering was destroyed forever.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira. She got tripped up on the $12,500 level after flying through the first few questions. When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory. Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the lizard whole. The three-metre reptile noticed Ms Gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening head injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house. Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on Sunday. The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma. A man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries. The driver, a 20-year-old Grovedale man, is under police guard and is yet to be questioned.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan. Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked. Finn pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of failure to report suspected abuse and was sentenced to two years' probation in 2012.
Villagers in Cledford, near Middlewich in Cheshire, had vehemently opposed the plans. They said travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners and ruin the idyllic surroundings. But yesterday, Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead. It will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families.
Brothers Marc and Shanon Parker from Port Canaveral, Florida, have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired cars and motorbikes. Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car - or Ecto-1 as the spook-hunting team call it. They have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, and a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Emanuel, a former White House chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style, was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election. Emanuel raised far more money than Garcia, plastered the airwaves with ads and had support from his former boss, President Obama, who cast an early ballot for him from Washington. Emanuel thanked voter for putting him through his paces and said he will be a better mayor because of it.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. But durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer. She had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy. But it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy. Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
Kardashian family arrived in Jerusalem on Monday for the baptism of their daughter, North West. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony. The 22-month-old will become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church.
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities. Residents hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools, save the local bus run and keep businesses open. Soaring farming costs and droughts have seen the population of rural NSW towns dwindle.
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper. Major Draper was a mourner at her fiance's funeral in Woolwich, south-east London. The 51-year-old and Miss West have been on several dates in past few months.
Brittany Leanne Parten, 23, is suspected of filming the attack. Five men, ranging in age from 19 to 30, were charged Monday with aggravated sexual assault. Gavin Satterfield, 31, and William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was found dead at his home in Chelsea, New York, on Easter Sunday. He was reportedly upset by his portrayal in Tina Fey's new TV show The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Friends say Brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed. Brandt worked with Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year. Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news. Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper, 37, and pal Craig Porter, 33, were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed. The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them. Keurig Green Mountain has also made $4.7 billion in revenue.
David Cameron will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives. The Prime Minister will tell voters in England that new powers for the Scottish Parliament mean it 'can now have a big impact on your job, your income, and investment in your area'A Conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by Holyrood do not have an 'unforeseen detrimental effect' for people south of the border, he will say.
Piper Hulk, 8, and William Kulk, 9, died in a head-on crash near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast on Saturday. Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. Daniel and William were airlifted to The Children's Hospital at Westmead and William later succumbed to his injuries. Daniel, 12, and his mother Chantelle, 31, are still in hospital.
A man stormed the runway at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night. He was overheard complaining that the music was a 'disgrace' and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'Designer Kym Ellery only walked down half the catwalk as the scuffle occurred at the other end. It is the ninth time Ellery has showcased her wares at MBFWA.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court. His first wife, Michelle, 39, found out he was a cheat when she saw a Facebook video of him doing ice bucket challenge. She then discovered pictures of his second wedding, which she reported to police. Now a dating profile for an 'andrewoclee' has been discovered on Plenty of Fish website. It describes a blue-eyed 'adventurer' who is 'looking for a relationship'O’Clee claims he has never had a relationship lasting longer than a year.
With just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election'Politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally - by posing relentlessly for the ubiquitous photos. David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions, as he poses beside voters during his country-wide visits.
A Game Of Thrones'super-fan' had a fully functional toilet built for him that’s an almost-identical replica of the Iron Throne that features in the hit TV show. The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds. The recipient was self-confessed Game of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi, who is pictured on his new loo at his bar in Glendale, California.
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen. In her will, Diana's butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
Bristol City Council has ripped up more than 12,000 cobbles from a historic road. The cobbles will be lifted from their current place, cut in half and then relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists. The history of the area dates back to the 19th century when Bristol Floating Harbour was built.
Post Office failed to properly investigate why money had gone missing from branches, report reveals. Many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches. Leaked copy of accountants' independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago. She says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak. Dawson says that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
A 32-year-old man has been charged with torture after another man went to hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns. The man, from suburban Kepnock, is due to appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday. The victim was taken to hospital on March 28, with burns to 15 per cent of his body. Police say the offences took place between March 20 to March 27.
Zeke Celello burst into tears when Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president. The two-year-old insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine.
Erica Kinsman filed a civil lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston, saying he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Thursday that nothing is final and Iran will continue to insist on a complete withdrawal of sanctions. 'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' he said in a speech broadcast live on state television. But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline, saying 'I neither support nor oppose the deal, since nothing has happened yet'
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. He denies 11 offences including acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception. Some of the money allegedly went towards funding legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in the UK for benefit fraud offences, a jury at London's Southwark Crown Court was told.
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race. They found that the teachers were more likely to view black pupils as troublemakers than those they thought were white. This may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools compared to other pupils.
Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent Mumia Abu-Jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week. The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night. Webb asked her principal for permission, and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit. Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened.
Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
Dominique Granier said the smell on route 9 in Montpellier, south of France, is 'unbearable'He suggested putting on a service specifically for people travelling from a Roma encampment. But the bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of the route.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
Girl claims she is firing machine gun at 'Daesh', the Arabic name for ISIS. Tells man she has killed 400 of the extremists so far, as he encourages her to kill more.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care. The baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in Oregon last year. Moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole. Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain. Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders.
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University's 36th annual 'Beautiful Bulldog' contest Sunday. Tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's Drake Relays track meet.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. The Danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her second son, Joachim, 45, his French wife Princess Marie, his children from his first marriage, Nikolai, 15, and Felix, 12, and his youngest two, Henrik, five, Athena, three.
BBC filled more than half its election TV debate audience with left-leaning voters. Some were brought in from Scotland and Wales, it emerged last night. The audience at the filming of Thursday night’s debate in Westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release. Police say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park so that he could prey on their children. He is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children, both boys and girls.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year. The search for the missing plane has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she shared images of her son following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. She told The Advertiser a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog. Ms Lee's Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time. This is compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 - the worst on record since 2004. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has promised to give NHS chiefs 'whatever they need' after election.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords. But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin. His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30 mph zone. Mr Ingram, 50, of Saltash, Cornwall, says it shows it was a pre-planned thing, not spur of the moment.
Julie Creffield, 37, from Stratford, London, was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18. She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races since, including one at the London 2012 Olympics. Now through her website, The Fat Girl's Guide To Running, she's encouraging other women to take up running.
Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities. Internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating, the Sydney Morning Herald reported. A University of Sydney spokeswoman said'substantially more than the reported five students' are currently under investigation after the university was provided with 40 unnamed assignments. Ms Dou has denied knowing anything about the website.
One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be selling shark fin soup, charity claims. Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five restaurants are selling the soup. The Royal China Club, a restaurant in central London, was raided by inspectors. Trading standards officers raided the eatery and confiscated illegally imported fins. Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup on menus as 'fish fin soup'
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes. But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million. Tories said Miss Thornberry, who lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in England flags and with a white van outside, opposed 'right to buy to let'
Peter Mutty was caught with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and a box of white wine in his car on August 31 last year while driving home in Riyadh. The possession of alcohol is illegal in Saudi Arabia. He was jailed for six months and 75 lashes, but only received 28. Mutty has been unable to leave Saudi Arabia or work as he has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation as to why this is happening. The 57-year-old was sent to Thoqba prison in the Al Khobar Eastern Province on October 19 and was released on March 19.
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself. His cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone.
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to delay the show's repeat broadcast. He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of voting. Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home. He went to the home of BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs. Jury ruled that the dogs should have their vocal chords removed within 60 days.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning. Source close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. The character in question, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad. He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the rise of ISIS. He was ranked sixth on the US military's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after offensive to overthrow Saddam.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. The impact of the laser beam would create a force that reduced its velocity, causing it to fall into Earth’s atmosphere and burn up.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts. Trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures. Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account.
Wonga lost £37.3million last year after being hit by new rules on payday lending. Chairman Andy Haste says the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair its reputation. Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million to a total of £217.2million.
Only 15 per cent of people at university now say they plan to vote Green, down from 28 per cent in February. The proportion of students who dislike Green leader Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent. Ms Bennett's profile has soared in recent months, buoyed by rising poll ratings and Green party membership in England passing 60,000 for the first time. But she has struggled in media performances, including a radio interview when she suffered a 'brain fade' while discussing housing policy.
Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title 'the Voice of Cricket'His sayings from the hundreds of Test and One Day cricket matches he commentated on were often what fans remembered from important moments. His trademark word, 'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. But TMZ reported on Monday that Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility. Bobbi Kristina's aunt Pat Houston and grandmother Cissy Houston both believe that the time has come to take her off life support.
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on the same side'Since Miliband became Labour leader, SNP has trooped through lobbies with his MPs in 91.5 per cent of Commons divisions. SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy. Labour and the SNP have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to do same for a looser arrangement.
Alex Bellini, 36, will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people - but Mr Bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself. The aim of the stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise.
Boeing 737 left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating, report said. The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King. She said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
Britain is likely to face a second election shortly after May 7 because of a knife-edge outcome, experts warn. The likelihood of another coalition lasting five years has been dismissed as miniscule by a leading academic. A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley said. He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis. It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving – about seven teaspoons.
Viewers were left wondering why David Cameron was a no-show in last night's TV debate. Five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in 90-minute BBC debate last night.
Former Staff Sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month. His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April, the beginning of the climbing season, when an avalanche swept down. He plans to approach from the northern, Tibetan side, together with the Heroes Project's founder Tim Wayne Medvetz and an eight-member team.
Jannik Andersen, a student at the University of Colorado, was hit by the train in Indio, four miles north-east of Coachella's grounds, shortly after 3am on Saturday. It remains unclear why Andersen was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival. On Monday, friends were paying tribute to Andersen, who was a non-degree seeking Continuing Education student from San Diego. They described him as a 'genuine' and always 'happy' man.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. Waheed and eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border in the town of Reyhanli. He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers.
Photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors. It was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans and cause ordinary electronic devices to malfunction. But decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable 'transformer' robot stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned. A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
The 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May. Gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon, which sold out less than a minute after going on sale. Kim took to Twitter to express her gratitude after her fans snapped up all 500 limited edition copies of her book in less than one minute.
Kendall and Baylee Martin were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother Rebecca Horton, 28, is white. They were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm. Normally, you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone. But, in odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin and Kendall’s inherited some genes that code for black skin.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old. She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years. The small elephant left the tourism trade 'because she was too young [and] began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer,' according to Elephant News' YouTube page.
More than 20 other states have their own restrictions on how cards can be used, mostly for alcohol, tobacco, gambling and adult-oriented businesses.
Danielle Davies gave birth to baby Harley at 1.13am on April 10 in Morecambe, Lancs. Baby Harley weighed 11lb 5oz and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months. Danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver baby.
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. Police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age. Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013. He asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour and bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls. He told her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
Michelle, 27, shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery. The actress and model has given fans a sneak peak of her stunning summer range ahead of launch on Wednesday. You can expect stunning summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, from Johannesburg, South Africa, is still learning to put together words. The toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop. His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend. He paid because Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday. Mr Jones snr., 76, said his son, who has boasted of how he has 'kept the private sector out of the Welsh NHS'
Lord Prescott said Prince of Wales has 'a lot to offer this country'Former deputy prime minister said he is 'not a raving loyalist' and has a lot of time for Charles. Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of the Labour politician's mother.
Reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent since 2011. Thousands more people have contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011, figures reveal. South Yorkshire Police saw the largest rise in reported cases with a 577 per cent increase. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the figures as a 'national scandal'
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday. She crashed her black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida. Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies. Neither Ebel nor her grandson was injured in the crash, although her car was totalled.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009. Villa di Montagna encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community. It enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley.
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates. The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure. Abraham said she was on a riser when she 'leaned over to look at [Williams] and the lights went out'
Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to Los Angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there. A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine, which overlooks old Jerusalem. But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago. Scholars are furious they did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was convicted of first-degree murder on Wednesday and sentenced to life in prison with no chance of release. Hernandez's fiancée, Shayanna Jenkins, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict. Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013. The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
The Duke of Wellington's forces defeated and killed Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, in 1799. Troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne. A collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams, and experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million.
Alex Impey, is a father-of-two, who says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. He says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney. 'I've got people coming in all the time, who have everything from cancer to early onset Parkinson's,' the father of two said. The medicinal marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a town of about 500 on New Zealand's west coast, with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their children in late March 2013. The couple were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them by New Zealand churches in Christchurch and Timaru, 300kms south of Gloriavale. Gloriavale is a secretive Christian commune where everyone wears blue uniforms and birth control is non-existent.
Two senior advisers said on Saturday that Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families. President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance. He was banned from driving for six months and fined £110 and ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Former player-manager of non-league side Salford City was forced to hand over his licence. Giggs has already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project. The image was taken as part of Project Mercury, which was the US' first mission to put men in space. Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday) with trainers available for the budget price of £19.99, while stocks last. Aldi say their running range is 'high spec' despite the low prices, as they keep their costs down by stocking their own products.
Pair convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams' during sex sessions. Neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them awake. Couple, who are in their 30s, ordered to pay £7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere. Comes less than six months after a woman was given a 12-week jail term and a four-year anti-social behaviour order (ASBO) for having noisy sex.
Hackers reportedly accessed President Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies. In October 2014, the White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office, prompting system shutdowns and security upgrades. The White House responded to CNN's revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber activities.
Director Gareth Edwards took to the stage at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, on Sunday to reveal a few details about the first Star Wars spin-off, Rogue One. The film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope,' referring to the subtitle of the original 'Star Wars'
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight. The fort has been transformed by AmaZing Venues to become a luxury hotel, and is set to open on April 23. Built between 1867 and 1880, it was ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy.
A California appeals court ruled yoga classes taught at Capri Elementary School in Encinitas, California, do not violate students' right to religious freedom. The district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance. The First Amendment bans school-sponsored religious promotion and prayer.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on April 7. Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder. Burnell Mitchell, 61, the brother of Boney M's lead singer, was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism.
Sophie Morgan, 21, and Sheree Morgan, 25, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money. Couple, 86 and 84, were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman. Sheree recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster, 23, and her mother Justine Davies, 44, to use their accounts for the illicit transfers. All admitted money laundering but escaped jail after insisting they did not know who was to be conned.
Violet Pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a congenital malformation that widened her facial features, specifically her nose and the space between her eyes. She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye. Her eyes were originally so far apart her vision was like that of a bird of prey's.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south-east London, accused of killing Michael Buckley, 60. Mr Buckley, who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st, fell to the floor in the M&S aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist. Shop assistant rushed to help him, he allegedly told her: 'She rammed me'Miss Buck denies manslaughter and an alternative charge of grievous bodily harm.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer which causes tumours to grow in the stomach and intestines. The third and most effective drug, regorafenib, costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments. The mother-of-two, from Storrington, West Sussex, has set up a 100,000-strong petition for the drug to be funded.
Restaurants are springing up across northern Vietnam, despite laws against eating the animals. Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade – and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive, the bones removed and eaten.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a box fort for his children last week. The fort includes trap doors, a slide and a trampoline and walls covered with his children's chalk drawings. The father, who works as a florist, says he will not pay the $25 fine because he does not want to turn it into something negative.
Parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills.
Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index says the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low. When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight. The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets. Montenegro was arrested covered in blood, however police say it was not her own.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane. Abiotic methane is created by chemical reactions in the crust beneath the seafloor. It is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation. This occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults.
Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if Labour wins the election. He will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity'Will claim 'not one policy' in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
Melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches at Hokota city, north-east of Tokyo. The whales, which are in fact a species of dolphin, were found washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato, around 60 miles (100km) north of Tokyo, last week. Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings but they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake.
Average Australian sheds equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin, feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds. Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes and may be the reason why you have a runny nose or watery eyes. The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common colds / flu.
Martina Levato and her German boyfriend Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' previous relationships. They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed. The 23-year-old, who was reportedly a student at Milan's private Bocconi university, also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014. He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence.
Runnymede, Surrey, is where King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law. But dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town. They are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London in 2011.
A number of online retailers stock the offending garments, which feature phrases such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!' According to the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, the T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women, and play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers.
Gonzalo Ramirez, 24, had his truck rear-ended before he was kidnapped, brutally beaten and killed. Now Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road having suffered 30 blows with a cleaver. Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza. Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing.
Workers at Royal Courts of Justice and London School of Economics evacuated again today. Six-storey structure collapsed 'like a pancake' injuring a 56-year-old workman. One worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints. Using this method he's already created prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year.
Celebrities are putting their first face forward by snapping just one selfie and sharing it unfiltered on social media in aid of #SelfieEsteem campaign. Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate for Good Morning Britain's initiative.
Volvo teamed up with a Sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists. Life Paint is a reflective safety spray. It’s invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark. It washes off but can be used on clothing, helmets, metal frames and even pets’ collars.
One in five NSW families have admitted to sedating their children before taking them on long car trips. Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an iPad, while another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. The medical community claim the sedative Phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory depression can be fatal.
Lisa Webb, 34, moved to France in 2009 to work as a substitute teacher in Paris. She was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers. Her three-year-old daughter ate foie gras, saucisson, lapin (rabbit) but refused to eat vegetables.
Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity. The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'She has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace. Pressure group the Taxpayers' Alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket'
Unnamed man was gored during a bullrunning event in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca. He was seen running away from the angry animal before it caught him with one horn, sending him sprawling to the floor. Pictures show him crawling desperately towards the safety of the bull bars, but he was unable to make it before the horn hit him square between the legs.
Michelle Woods, from Teesside, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving' in the bath. When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile. She believes it may belong to the property's previous tenant, who may have kept snakes as pets.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco. Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. The map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park, New York, says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall. The snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March. He says he's received snow from as far away as Vermont, as well as closer communities like the Hamptons. The Fregoes also did a lot of the work themselves, taking daily trips to the park to shovel melting snow by the bucket load.
Gwyneth, 42, will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks. The Goop creator, who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon, showcasing a variety of healthy options.
The three dogs were captured in a front room in Bahama, North Carolina. A Husky called Sky, a brown and white Springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black Springer spaniel called Marshall take their positions on their stage.
Alaska Airlines flight 448 was en route from Seattle to Los Angeles on Monday. The pilot turned back to Seattle-Tacoma International and declared an emergency. The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized. He was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen.
International Monetary Fund predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016. It comes as inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year. Low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the UK.
Temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday. Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year. Winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets. He blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December. She flew from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria.
Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way independently. The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth. 'We've taken all of the [health] information on board and applied it to the book,' said Carr on the popular morning show.
Osborne repeatedly ducked questions about how the massive cash boost would be paid for. He said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy, but declined to go into further detail.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault in connection with the alleged incident at a military base in Shearwater, Nova Scotia.
David Atherton, 65, went to put his meal in the oven when he discovered the snake. He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting police. RSPCA officers came to collect the snake and it has been given a temporary home.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. The judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny' and plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis. Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed at Dunblane Cathedral. Couple thanked staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as Andy & Kimberly Murray.
The Blonde Gypsy has been dubbed a 'Master of Europe' thanks to her stunning Balkan snaps. Julie Falconer is a lady in London and the mastermind behind both a beautiful Instagram account and her namesake travel blog. Daniel Noll and Audrey Scott are professional adventurers, who have been travelling the world since 2001.
Hobart International Airport website was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS. Airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information. Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport.
Replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette to help American colonists in their war of independence sets sail for the United States on Saturday. Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule, that France was sending a strong military force to help them. The new Hermione has been under construction since 1997 and cost 25 million euros ($27 million) to build.
Footage appears to show Arsenal fans singing a homophobic chant about Ashley Cole. The video was apparently filmed at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. Metropolitan police are assessing the footage and are in the process of contacting relevant parties.
Around 100,000 West Pakistan Refugees (WPRs) are classified as refugees in India's only Muslim-majority state of Jammu. They are unable to own property or vote in state elections - meaning three generations are caught in abject poverty.
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement. They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain. The findings may help scientists develop new ways for soft robots to move around.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state. They told locals they were there to teach Islam before opening fire on a crowd. The jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses. Attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters are being encouraged draw pictures of the attacks as part of their therapy.
Body parts of Becky Watts, 16, were found at house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2. Her stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for the teenager's murder. Becky's mother Tani Watts said she fears coming face-to-face with Anjie Galsworthy. Ms Watts said: 'I'm still in the back of my mind not accepting...that I'm not going to see her'
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled. When she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. When Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made. Ms McKay, from Leyland, near Preston, has been awarded £13 million in compensation.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day, but it wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life. Alex aid that he had'missed out on a lot' when he was clocking in at 354lbs.
If the brain is tired, it affects the memory even for those without dementia. Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia, especially those with Alzheimer's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns. It is a common misconception that we need less sleep as we get older - in fact we need just as much, the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep.
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said his dog Twiglet was left behaving strangely after eating the drugs he found at a bus stop while on a walk near their home last Monday. The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes. After 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal.
Lib Dem leader tells children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy and a fairer society'Clegg has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare.
Cui Hongfang, 73, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman. Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman’s death.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days earlier. Luna's mother, Jennifer Luna, claims her son did not mean to kill Lane 'on purpose' and claims he is innocent.
Tony Blair made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats. But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their doppelgängers through a social media campaign. Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree in Essex. Mr Richardson, a 74-year-old former head teacher who was well-known to the town, and just so happened to look exactly like Mr Richardson.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers across the country. Many are left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in the hope that someone will rescue them. The RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses last year, many of them former family pets.
Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. President Benigno. Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective. statement denouncing the reclamation activities. He said that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Sarah, 23, was devastated to find out the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not her real father. Her mother told her last year that Phil, who raised her, may not be related to her. Sarah agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test to discover the truth.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent. Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966, and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain, CKOne, Paco by Paco Rabane and Chanel no. 19. Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour. They then compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child one year apart. Vanessa was pregnant with Jax and Melanie was carrying Ero. The couple took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
Nick Woodman, 39, is set to be named the highest-paid CEO of 2014 at the tender age of 39. He clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year. Woodman's shares were worth slightly more than $1.2 billion at the IPO price.
Police in Argentina are hunting a family-of-six who crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets. They were spotted driving through the city of San Miguel de Tucuman in Argentina's north-western province of Tucuman. A man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat behind him.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery during her lifetime. Among them are pieces up to 3,500 years old and are expected to fetch up to £20,000. Howard, who died in 2014 aged 90, was Kingsley Amis' second wife.
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. It has already signed up 25 hotels in London, including H10 Waterloo, The Kingsway Hall Hotel, Yotel Heathrow and Gatwick, Crowne Plaza London - The City, Academy Hotel, and Threadneedles.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, have been charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of Jonathan Krueger, 22, in the early morning hours Friday. The two men appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of the University of Kentucky junior. The coroner's office said the young Ohio native died of a gunshot wound to the chest. He was photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but all of his ID had been stolen. Case manager Charles Inman and Tampa Bay police officer Dan McDonald were determined to find out more about his background. They found an old, forgotten bank account with enough social security benefits in it to buy a new house.
Kevin O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana. A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours. The restaurant reopened about 4 p.m. Thursday.
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life. She had Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress. The condition caused the 'episodic' part of her memory to shut down, meaning she lost all her emotional memories.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley last summer. A retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time. The body that regulates the judiciary, the Judicial Conduct Investigations office has rapped the Manchester recorder.
Kyli Wolfson, now 29, was 26 when she woke up in excruciating pain in October 2012. She was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, a rare condition that affects less than.01 per cent of people. Her weight dropped to 80lbs, and she had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals.
Black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl in a photograph taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year. A friend of the photographer insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work. Some users suggested it was likely an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being. Another conspirator suggested they could be combat boots from the WWII era.
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety. The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller, using a camera he set up inside a 13ft-high elm tree stump in his garden in North Yorkshire.
Alice Dreger attended the class at East Lansing High School, Michigan, after her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand. The school has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it just happened to be that day's lesson.
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in the sky of Xiangtan city in Hunan Province. Shi Chao, a student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw the cloud on his way from to the library around 7pm last Friday.
Asabi Barner, 37, from South Carolina, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred. Barner says she trusted the artists, but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later. The parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons.
Michelle Knight, who was held captive by Ariel Castro for more than a decade, spoke Wednesday at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center Faces of Change Luncheon. She said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above all that'While signing copies of her memoir, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, after the event, when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend.
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors. Black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace. Some of the subjects in the photographs offer wide smiles, while others pose with blank expressions.
Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown, from Toronto, present an online science show. They discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us. First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious. Middle-borns tend to be more co-operative and are more likely to be social butterflies. Only children are more creative and creative, and have a stronger sense of security and confidence.
Rodrigo de Freitas lake is set to host rowing and canoeing events during next year's Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. More than 37 tons of fish have been collected, according to Rio's waste management company, but there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by. Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish off the water's surface until mass dying subsides.
Pregnant women with hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) are more likely to have children with language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a study claims. About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the debilitating condition, which causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Workers discovered the big cat on Monday at noon, as they were trying to install a security system in the hilly Los Feliz neighborhood. P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013. It is thought the lion crossed the 405 and 101 freeways more than three years ago, as he travelled from his home in the Santa Monica Mountains.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other drugs and substances like marijuana. The synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone is the same chemical used to make bath salts. Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes.
Andrés Iniesta has listed his beautiful Spanish vineyard on Airbnb. The 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out for €125 (£90) a night. There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the property, with a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window at a Tokyo shop. He is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a display case under the counter. Visitors have travelled from as far away as England and Taiwan to say hello to him.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there. The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
Michelle Keegan, 27, has managed to fit designing a new fashion range for Lipsy into her hectic schedule. The actress and model has unveiled her stunning summer range in full - and shows off her summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals to perfection in the new shoot.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life. The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted. She said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong.
Surveys find that men in U.S. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs. They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units. Studies that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs.
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko. Jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material. But it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesperson, applauded Putin's nationalist credentials. She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union. Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Putin as a 'brilliant operator'Mrs James is widely considered to be Nigel Farage's successor as leader of Ukip.
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening. While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15 year old dead. Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident. However a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since the California firm launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool's Day. Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click The Button. When they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday. The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Ambitious'The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician, according to the Weekly Standard.
Roscoe was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees. He was forced to crawl around on his joints. Thanks to more than $3,000 in public donations, the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. Retired Staff Sgt David Thatcher, 93, came from Missoula, Montana, for the event.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in Pierres, south-west of Caen. An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder. The alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts.
Eric Courtney Harris, 44, was allegedly trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Undercover deputies had been monitoring Harris as part of an investigation into the trade of methamphetamine.
Helen Flanagan, 24, is a prime example of a celebrity who has completely transformed her style since she revealed she was pregnant. Danielle Lloyd, 31, is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child, George, with ex-husband, footballer Jamie O'Hara in 2013. Blake Lively, 27, received much adoration recently for her flawless maternity style, when pregnant with her first child with Ryan Reynolds, 38, opted for floaty maxi-dresses.
Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old. The border collies use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable. Zane Jones, a 32-year-old search and rescue crewman, is their owner.
Footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on a Jet2 flight from Glasgow to Alicante. Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff. Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the plane. All passengers on the flight had to wait in their seats while officers dealt with the situation.
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, Kent, has not worked since the age of 19. Now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding and party in a castle'Miss Broom is desperate for a church ceremony, designer dress, horse and carriage and champagne. She also wants a further £2,000 for a honeymoon to Mexico, paid for by the taxpayer.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for second time in bid to be moved to secure psychiatric hospital. 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell, sources said. He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
James May said Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'Presenter said: 'If you're one of the people sending death threats, could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself'Sue Perkins recently decided to take a break from Twitter in response to the barrage of abuse. She became a favourite to replace the ousted Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the St Petersburg ring road. He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club when the incident happened.
Average pet spends 21 hours a week watching TV, according to new study. Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company. Survey of 1,000 pet owners even found the owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch four hours of shows per day.
13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400. The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land. The castle is ideally located near an international airport which has regular flights to London.
David Potchen, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June. He had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release. Potchen decided he needed to go back to prison after his years free had left him without a job or a place to stay and sleeping in mosquito-filled woods. He stole roughly $1,000 with a bank robbery note on the back of his resume.
Babies given antibiotics in first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers. Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
Around 50 obese children at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, are being put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight. Teachers set up the lessons after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs. The lessons are named after a Dreamworks film of the same name in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master.
Prince William will be working throughout April in Cambridge, Norwich and Gloucestershire Airport. The Duchess of Cambridge will largely be based at Kensington Palace. Prince William plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son was born in 2013.
The intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home at 10.25pm. It is the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches to hit the US capital.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be. One KIND bar flavor contains more calories, fat and sodium than a Snickers bar. A 40g Honey Smoked BBQ KIND Bar contains 230 calories, 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium.
Pilot Doug Hughes, 61, was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago and passed along the information to 'all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies,' Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said. Johnson defended existing protocols for dealing with restricted airspace over Washington, D.C., federal buildings and monuments.
Labour leader repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs, crime and the effect of tuition fees. Miliband rejected a string of statistics read out by Evan Davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved. He refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la Frontera, in southern Spain, but it is now on the brink of being torn down. The couple said they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner. Patrick, a former engineer from London, and his 63-year-old wife, Valerie, bought the bed and breakfast in 2008.
Chris Ryves, the moderator of the subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, has told of his regrets about the thread in a new documentary, The Thread, which will be released on iTunes on Monday. He explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects' identities on his thread. These theories, which may have appeared harmless at first, then spread into the public domain, sparking the widespread rumor that 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi was behind the homemade pressure-cooker bombs.
Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, has recreated the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised in popular TV show Friends. It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles. He said: 'I thought I'd be able to compartmentalise the clashing flavours, but I cannot.'
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as X-ray-like vision. The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see. For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
Robert F Kennedy Jr spoke at a screening of the documentary Trace Amounts in Sacramento, California on Tuesday. The documentary purports that there is a connection between the vaccine chemical thimerosal and autism, though it is a theory the scientific community has mostly dismissed. Kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in Oregon stop a similar measure in that state.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four young children have reportedly been arrested in Ankara, Turkey. The family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7. Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw Jesus in an x-ray of her molars when she went for dental a check-up in Flagstaff, Arizona last month. Ackerman spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist. The dentist didn't find any cavities and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth and especially that holy molar healthy.
BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of Top Gear. BBC Worldwide feared Clarson would vent his anger during the live shows. But he has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead 'in good spirit'Fans who have already booked tickets, thought to number almost 100,000 will not be disappointed.
The Anthem of the Seas has just arrived in Southampton Docks ahead of its naming ceremony on April 20. The world's third largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer. The ship spans 16 guest decks, encompasses 167,800 gross registered tonnes, carries 4,180 guests at double occupancy and features 2,090 staterooms.
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered a deep facial gash and stab wound to his wrist after being attacked by a knife-wielding pro-North Korean activist during a breakfast forum in Seoul in March. The 42-year-old needed 80 stitches after being set upon by a South Korean man with a history of erratic behaviour. The North frequently rails at the United States, the South's biggest ally, accusing it of preparing for imminent invasion.
Spain's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona. The 42-year-old wore a striking white tailored suit with nude patent Mary-Janes and a woven clutch. The mother-of-two was at the science museum, CosmoCaixa, for the opening of the congress.
Almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering potentially fatal reaction. Around 21million Britons have some kind of allergy ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings. More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' into his left arm. But instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P. Also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' instead. NHS worker was drunk at the time and said he now considers the inkwork a 'nightmare'
Demetri Nelson, 27, broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money. He then told her to get into the trunk of the car, police said. Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from home in Chatham, Kent, to wage jihad with toyboy husband. Mother-of-two is believed to have set up home in Raqqa, Syria, the terror group's de facto capital. Video appears to show her leading al-Khanssaa Brigade - the all-women contingent set up by ISIS. She is seen leading fighters in a series of chants expressing their commitment to jihad.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year to a mystery illness. When Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital. Kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed, from south London, uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year. The 22-year-old pleaded guilty to encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications. She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Mitzi Neyen, 77, received a kidney March 26 after her husband Bill gave his kidney to a patient in need. Neyen received an organ from Matt Crane, 55, who lives outside of Philadelphia. Crane's wife Michele's Type 1 diabetes caused her to need a new kidney, which she received thanks to her husband's donation. Neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to Bill.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts. California's drought is one of the worst on record, while the East coast of the US has seen unusually cold temperatures.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest. Kushner testified that the 2007 charges were expunged as part of a probationary sentence.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. He was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri. His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Al Qaida has seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen. Comes amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign. Today, Shiite rebels took part in a demonstration against an arms embargo imposed by the U.N.
Hamdi Ulukaya settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife, Ayse Giray, who laid claim to half the $2 billion Greek yogurt empire. The settlement came just before Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Saliann Scarpulla was due to rule on whether Giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in Chobani's predecessor company, a feta cheese operation called Euphrates.
Hospitals are harvesting organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic, it is claimed. Some patients were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed, it has been claimed. Human Rights lawyer David Matas claims people are being killed for organs in China.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in picturesque hamlet of Pierres, in Calvados department, south west of Caen. He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago. On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home, and is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28. Police sniffer dogs were taken to Mr King's hamlet, and found his corpse at bottom of 12ft well.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone. Restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children. Cyr said that Delisle was driving recklessly and cut them off so her husband followed the driver to record his license plate number. The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery.
Diesel model Winnie Harlow, 19, who suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with, has been pictured enjoying a cozy night on the town with albino fashion star Shaun Ross. The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night, and were snapped holding hands while making their way into the venue. Winnie, who was unveiled as one of the newest faces of Diesel earlier this year, was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress, which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the pictures on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Gloucester.
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news. Speaking for the first time since making his shock decision, Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore. Stewart also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west for treatment on Saturday morning. The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November. NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola and that no further testing is required at this stage.
Queensland Health says there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to ABC News. Medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes who died after contracting the disease. His parents Catherine and Greg are urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
Ukip leader called on Tories to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win. He also revealed he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements. Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Cameron before any post election deal.
Celebrities are opting to ditch their bras when it comes to day-to-day clothing. Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties. Kim Kardashian decided to leave her bra behind as she went out for a date with Kanye West.
Raymond Handley, 62, jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court. He sexually assaulted his young victim twice and threatened to kill her mother if details of the abuse emerged. Daughter Becky Handley learned of his crimes after reading about them in a local newspaper. She said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the Hutt’ by bullies. He became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year. He took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013. In victim impact statement's prepared for sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'Despite the family's protests, Stevens granted probation to Wallace, who had no prior convictions for violent crimes.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department. 'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene. Clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest. She is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind.
Palaeontologists say the four feet (1.2 metres) tall bird is one of the most complete skeletons of a 'terror bird' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds. The South American bird has been named Llallawavis scagliai - meaning Scaglia's Magnificent Bird. It was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae. They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health, a study found. The study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure. The 186 patients were assessed for their levels of gratitude using standard psychological tests.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room. The app uses a Quick Response code, or QR code, which is a form of barcode that the cameras of mobile phones are able to detect. It will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed.
The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome. They will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington, USA. If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide. Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne. The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president or worldwide operations. Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness. He is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from the policy taken out in July 2001 on the grounds that he needs the money to pay for his attorney for the forthcoming murder trial scheduled to begin next month.
Patsy Kensit says Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'The Duchess has been dubbed a'machine made princess' by Hilary Mantel and 'drab' by Margaret Atwood.
Uno, a three-week old kitten, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month. The clip begins with one of the Pogue family, who recently adopted Uno, tentatively holding him.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19. He was able to start firing it as soon as he left. This should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons. Police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store. But just seconds later he began firing into the air.
A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans. The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' and 'I wouldn't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die'Wicked Pickets, a community action group, decided to take justice into their own hands after the company failed to live up to its promise, painting over slogans they have slammed as misogynistic and violent.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother, Alison Overton, following her death from leukaemia. The 14-year-old from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease. William had'settled back in well' at school following his mother's death, an inquest heard.
Heavyweights Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in the capital of Dakar. After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious. This form of wrestling is only practised in Senegal and has boomed in popularity as their football team has struggled.
There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours. This compares to 4.58million women who more commonly work part-time to care for children or family. Follows sharp rise in number of stay-at-home fathers, with 6 per cent rise.
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Three more political parties have backed The Mail on Sunday’s campaign to add first aid to the curriculum. Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support as they unveiled their Election manifestos. It means the Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge.
More than 100,000 people on the coast of the Pacific Northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of Japan. The new study highlights the areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground. It calculated that 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states.
Heathrow airport threaten to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing strips. Australian airline could also be facing a £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the tarmac.
Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and her daughter Lady Louise, opted for pastel coloured coats, while Princess Beatrice and Autumn Phillips both went for navy jackets. The Queen and Prince Philip were joined by the rest of royal family as they attended a traditional Easter Sunday church service at Windsor Castle.
Former Prime Minister claims he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich'Claims he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level'Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking.
Bryan Morseman, 29, of Bath, New York, ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for his son Leeim's medical bills. Leeim was born with spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder that develops in the womb when a baby's spine doesn't form properly. If the condition is left untreated, it can lead to brain damage, loss of leg usage and other heath problems.
Police have identified 25 people who claim Labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to £100,000. One man, allegedly attacked by Janner when he was living in children's homes between 1981 and 1988, has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages.
The father has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his daughter. The two-year-old has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs. The little girl was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma shortly before Christmas. The father, who cannot be named for legal reasons but has been nicknamed 'Fearless Father', has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug.
President Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of $477,000, according to tax returns released Friday by the White House. Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show. The Obamas donated $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities. The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, and Madison Lloyd, 27, have made appearances on The Ellen show and Good Morning America this week. The trio were interviewed by Ellen De Generes on Tuesday and performed a shortened version of their latest video Mime Through Time live. Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody' and the follow-up, 'Mime through Time,' have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media platforms.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian'Has a BA degree in creative writing and classics and works as a life coach. Recently dyed her hair black to make her look more like the reality star.
Stroke patients with damage in the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences, according to the new research. Stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic.
Melissa Borg, 13, has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney since last Thursday. The Year 9 student left home at 7:30am and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills. Her father reported her missing after he found no sign of her when he returned home from work. Melissa is described by police as being 150cm with a slim build, long brown hair and brown eyes and was last seen wearing her school uniform - a dark blue skirt and a pale blue blouse.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father Jean-Marie's return to the National Front party. She accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream. Tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'Ms Le Pen already distanced herself from her father last June after a quip about a French Jewish singer that included an implied reference to concentration camp ovens.
The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs. Eyeko London is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new Bespoke Mascara. Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is like a personal shopping service.
British Airways suffered three diversions in just over 24 hours over the weekend. An Airbus A321 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return back to where it had set out. BA denied there was a fire on board and said the pilots decided to return to the airport. A medical emergency saw the third flight in 24 hours diverted to Paris Charles de Gaulle.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut. The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom. Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her.
Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge beat Magdalen College, Oxford. Law student Ted Loveday answered 10 starter questions in the last round of the BBC quiz show. Team's victory was largely thanks to the correct response to 10'starter for 10' questions.
Designer Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, believes his innovative new product could be the solution. It involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever. He says the sugar coating will come in varying thickness and flavourings to suit all tastes.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B. She says: 'We’ve become really wrapped up in the history of airfields'
Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran. It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers. The White House had said as recently as yesterday that the president would 'absolutely' veto as written.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer with a'magic diet'Ms Fox said she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 and underwent surgery and radiation treatment. She is planning to release relevant medical records without personal details such as her Medicare number and contact details.
Andrea Catherwood stayed at the Hotel Arts, a modern masterpiece of the city. Hotel Arts is a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel, towering over the beaches and Port Olimpic.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August. It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association, which donated the tree. But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk. The memorial plaque at the base of the tree had also been removed.
Millie-Belle Diamond, 14 months old, has a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers. Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online when she was two months old. The toddler is the proud owner of Louis Vuitton and Chanel purses and pint-sized Burberry jackets. She started earning up to $250 per post for wearing their garbs in the pictures.
Cressida Bonas has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador. The 26-year-old shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the British fashion giant. She models pieces from the Somerset-based brand's spring/summer 2015 collection. The Sloaney blonde dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses.
Rebecca Francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won Extreme Huntress in 2010. Gervais tweeted picture of her lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. Francis is passionate about hunting and regularly posts pictures of her kills.
Dennis Krauss and Mary Ann Diano were left homeless when Sandy hit the east coast of the US in October 2012. The 62-year-old was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm. She was reunited with her cats but lost her home, and went to live in a Connecticut trailer park after winning a year’s rent-free accommodation in a church raffle. There she met Mr Krauss, who had also lost his home in Brooklyn, New York, in the storms, and the homeless pair began a relationship. She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station, but decided not to cash it in until April 6.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America. It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses. Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, had no idea she was expecting and kept her size 8 figure. She had been taking the contraceptive pill and continued to have periods for the whole nine months. She and her partner, Aaron Swallow, 27, have now put an offer in on a house so they can all live together as a family.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday. This amount is far, far greater than the $93million CBS chairman Sumner Redstone made in 2013 and the $67m Les Moonves made.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing after her brother could not contact her. She had been staying at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid, for the last two or three months. Her landlord, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested. Police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street.
Sevdet Besim, 18, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon. Sevdet Ramadan Besim was also charged with planning to carry out an attack. Both men often visited the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale. Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
Thief posed as a member of congregation at St James' church in Gorton, Manchester. He sat down next to the 86-year-old and tried to steal her handbag before fleeing. Police have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender and CCTV footage.
The 29-year-old, who lived in California, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks. He tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all. Case shows video games can numb people’s pain and this might be why some people play them excessively.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9. The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism'
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China. The temperature has been measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away. Experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
Scottish drinkers are so cautious of the country's new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent. Under the new Scottish drink-drive law, enacted on December 5, the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg. Hospitality industry leaders claim the new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work.
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the PGA golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world. The eatery, which is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant, features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks. The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe, according to data released by KAYAK.com.au. Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe. Athens in Greece is the number one choice, followed by Istanbul in Turkey and Toronto in Canada. Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, Dublin in Ireland, Barcelona in Spain, Colombo in Sri Lanka, Santiago in Chile, and Vienna in Austria also make the top 10 list.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of cockpit. Lubitz, 27, then flew the plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board. Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz for her boyfriend's death. She said: 'I cannot hate or blame someone for being sick. Instead of blaming sick people and trying to understand their motives from the perspective of a health mind'
David Cameron will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties. Will allow all 1.3million families in housing association homes to buy their home. Subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant. Prime Minister will call the Tories 'the party of working people' in a bold pitch to blue collar voters.
Air force jets bombed two Al-Shabaab camps in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday, a Kenya Defence Forces source said. Kenyan army spokesman, Colonel David Obonyo, later said: 'The two targets were hit and taken out, the two camps are destroyed'News of the bombings came after it was claimed Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at Garissa University College. Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from the capital, to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university, but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon.
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun saved nurse Long Yufang from a knife-wielding patient. He immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing her to go free. The man had been brought in by police the night before and injured his leg.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men. After Barbie, the next human you'll find is Jessica Herrin, CEO of a jewellery company called Stella & Dot.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern accused of murdering David Alderson, 72. Kevern, 22, and Cooper, 34, both deny murder at Truro Crown Court. Mr Alderson's body was found in an abandoned copper mine in January last year.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. At 12.59pm on Sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday. Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter, as they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was'so freakin excited'
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 to report accidentally shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home early New Year's Day. He resigned from the chief's job in March and was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge.
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding a man in a random attack. He posted a string of pictures of himself posing in his cell on Facebook, showing off his muscles. He also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though phones and social media are banned in all prisons. Prison authorities have now shut down the criminal's Facebook account after being alerted.
Many women spend hundreds of pounds a month on expensive skincare products. But make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster. FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed light on the classic mistakes women make.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers. Bought 365 pairs of boxers - which were then thrown into the bin after just one wear. But after wiping out most of his savings, he realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers'
The 18th-century Ballyfin is at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of the country. The five-star hotel has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Condé Nast Traveller magazine.
'Kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate the virus, by stimulating the immune system - the body's natural defence mechanism - with a vaccine. Could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick', allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells. Theory developed by researchers at University College London, Oxford and the University of North Carolina.
Labour leader visited Gurdwara in Leamington, Midlands, on Wednesday. But his team banned national media journalists from the event. Worshippers were also banned from taking pictures of the Labour leader. He had donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson. Reports suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this. Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday morning. She had lived in South Africa for 35 years and is survived by two daughters, three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
New analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods. Findings add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools.
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside McDonald's restaurant. He then places a diamond ring on her finger and the couple embrace by the food counter.
Man accused of practising sorcery and witchcraft was beheaded near Tikrit, Iraq. Pictures show victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back. One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi. He goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani.
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton on Wednesday. The Prime Minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe. Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters.
A new study shows that a quarter of Australians have opted for solo living. 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men. This means that the women who live alone in the Eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful.
Riddick Bowe was once the world's best heavyweight boxer and reportedly had $15million. Now the 46-year-old has offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him through PayPal. Bowe, of Maryland, has been tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms. He said: 'Im now in the business of endorsing yo companies helping those small business get off them ground Im try help the little guy thats what i do'
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment'On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'He describes how his wife, who is eight-months pregnant, was chasing the boy around the store.
Fraser Ross, who founded Kitson, is embroiled in a $1million legal wrangle. He is accused of swearing at staff in a Los Angeles branch of the brand. The two stores in LAX are not run by him, but by another business called Hudson. Hudson has filed a lawsuit to end their business relationship with Kitson. Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham and Kylie Jenner.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun. She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself. But when Mr Clark told her boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped. She admitted wasting police time and rendering Mr and Mrs Clark to suspicion under the sexual offences act.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him. Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
John Young, 66, and his new wife Elaine, 54, were sat in the front room of their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester, when thugs began pelting his front window with stones. When one brick smashed the glass, Mr Young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers. He suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye and was taken to hospital.
HMS Argyll was deployed to monitor a Russian destroyer and two other ships as they passed through the English Channel. A few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles, hugged British airspace. Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
Witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry. Accident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at about 9.30am. It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the April 4 shooting death of Walter Scott, a 50-year-old father of four. South Carolina law lists 12 'aggravating circumstances' which enable the death penalty for murder, including torture, rape, drug trafficking, kidnapping, burglary and arson. But local prosecutors say Slager won't be eligible for death penalty even if he is convicted of murder. It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, with dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner. Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects. UN report identified edible insects as a sustainable food source.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle. The Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK. Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy to stay in Britain. Maarij's brother Saffat died of meningitis last month.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh. It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin. Now, researchers have found a series of hidden faces and message in it. Using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the 16th century owner's penchant for erasure has been reversed.
Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday. The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident. Her family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation. They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
Owner of the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth. Zach Yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas. He claims that his art can be done with almost any type of coffee drink and that the final product will depend on the thickness of the beverage.
Real London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house, where they were subject to terrifying pranks. Installed with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps, the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel, but hilarious, pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions.
Footage has emerged of a violent brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane's south on Tuesday night. Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight. The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir. Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man and two girls aged 15 and 16. Neighbours said that 'hordes of people' were directed by police out of the area.
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the'sleeper' prank. It involves children covering the mouth and nose of younger children until they pass out. Greater Manchester Police believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents. The post has now been shared more than 11,200 times on the social network.
V. Stiviano, 32, accepted gifts worth $2.6 million from the older man and has now been ordered to hand them back over. Donald Sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades. But Shelly insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money. 'I did it for justice,' she said. 'I think when somebody harms you in so many ways, justice has to prevail'
Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon spent four nights in New York. One of Samia and Sylvain's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9/11. The couple, who met as partners on Dancing on Ice, enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson.
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all. The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue. The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a Solana Beach, California elementary school on March 23. He pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty on Friday. Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn, who are a minority owner of the San Diego Padres and a former investment manager.
Bentleys and Porsches are more likely to break down than cheaper cars, according to survey. The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability. Honda Jazz and Mitsubishi Lancer were the most reliable models while Audi RS6 was the least reliable.
Team from Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) stormed 239 properties associated with 239 crime syndicates. Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses. At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault. As they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their tattoos - many believed to be tied to gangs.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. He has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo, the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation. Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by Tuesday night, so that he can undergo the operation on Wednesday morning. On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder. He said he's so dissatisfied with his attorneys he'd rather be executed now than continue seeking a new trial with them. He was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi, 10 months.
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
Dave Roberts, 50, jumped off Transporter Bridge over River Tees in Middlesbrough. He said 'Daniel, this one's for you' in reference to his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister who died after leaping off the bridge in 1913. Mr Roberts, a former TV and radio presenter, carried out the jump for a children's charity.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning. Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8. Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west.
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told all animals must be handed over by Friday or they will be seized. The temple, just outside of Bangkok, has been open near Kanchanaburi since 1994. It has been shrouded by controversy and numerous complaints about the treatment of the big cats.
Giuliana Rancic and Jerry O'Connell were pictured together at the Maxim Hot 100 party in Las Vegas in June of 2004. In her new book the 40-year-old television presenter revealed that Jerry was 'talking up Rebecca as a prelude to feeling up Rebecca', as he appeared to be a bit distracted.
Ian Harris is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo. Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency.
Foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen in Shoreditch, London, on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April. Menu devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson to devise the menus.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions. Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway. The break also affected things at street level, where seas of water threatened businesses and snarled city traffic.
Ted Koran, 59, was struggling to deal with the loss of his wife Karen who passed away from cancer six months ago. He says he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time by the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night. Ted claims he was on the verge of ending his own life but only the thought of the 60 rescue animals he and his wife cared for stopped him.
Dr. Fredric Brandt was found hanged inside his home in Coconut Grove, Florida on Easter Sunday morning. Brandt's friend, John Joseph Hupert, was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal. Hupert said he last saw Brandt alive at 11.30pm on Saturday, according to police report. Sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child. The 26-year-old is expecting a baby girl due on June 4 and says she's 'craving stodge'The Olympic gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with, especially as she didn't even look pregnant.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the possibility of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. This is due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area. Many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets. Some locals believe it cannot be done without rezoning open park areas due to rising land values.
Christine Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court. Police found 1,337 items of clothing, shoes and handbags worth £5,620 in raid in Bowthorpe, Norwich. Carriage admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood. Upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s. He fled Colombia fearing for his life when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee. Toro came to the United States and began working for the DEA as an informant. He became one of the DEA's most important assets and helped carry out undercover stings around the world. He wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship. He is now technically living in the US illegally after declining health forced him to retire.
Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics through Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents. The Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick, and waged violent attacks against those found to be supplying it. There have been 322 cases of polio across Pakistan in the last two years, the majority of them children under three.
Manhattan may be known for its luxurious accommodations and expensive Fifth Avenue boutiques, but, believe it or not, it is possible to visit the Big Apple and stick to a budget. Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten, which is free to the public, while the many parks and promenades lining Lake Zurich are the perfect locations for an afternoon picnic.
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, feared he would never be able to have more children. He had Vaseline injected into his penis following a friend's recommendation. But nine months later, his penis was swollen, painful and bleeding. He went to his GP and saw other doctors but all told him there was nothing to do.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey. Now, more than five months later, authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence. The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
Tim McGraw is facing backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to put on a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity. The Louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford, Connecticut show on July 17 for the Sandy Hook Promise group. However, anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE)HIE is a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen. To control the condition Caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth. It allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from the lack of oxygen. Caitlin, now ten months old, recovered from HIE and is able to feed and play.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet. The video has so far racked up 374,551 views.
Pedro Hernandez, 54, is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, who vanished in 1979. Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades. The defense has suggested that the real killer is a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later. They were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault. If found guilty, the men could face 14 years in jail.
Hadas (not her real name to protect her identity) had 'the cut' in Eritrea, Africa, when she was just a few months old. Her mother took her to be cut while her father was away on business, as she knew he would not have allowed it. Now in her early 20s, Hadas only recently came to realise that FGM is not the norm for all women.
Video taken in forecourt of Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia. It shows five people, including two children, storming out of a minivan and attacking the 51-year-old. One of the group takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground. They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless on the floor. The encounter is believed to have been caused by a boy telling his mother the man hit him.
A new study reveals the best part of being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed. But for men, the best perk is the 'variety of sexual partners'More than half of the population claim finding 'the one' is their biggest priority in life.
Sean Crawford, from Carterton, New Zealand, said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. He said he can understand why some people find his work 'a bit ungodly’, but in his opinion, there is nothing worse than 'art that doesn't affect you at all’
David Lammy said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with' in the event of another hung Parliament. Comes amid warnings from the Tories that the SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom' if it holds the balance of power in Parliament next month. Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats – wiping out any hopes of a Labour majority.
Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today. Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement.
Yassir Ali, 29, of no-fixed-abode, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22. Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen. Dashcam footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat. The man attempts to block the squad car while Ali tries to escape at break-neck speeds. Ali was jailed at Birmingham Crown Court for 14 months for dangerous driving.
Toronto-born Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage. He was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels. Crombie was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of The Wizard of Oz. The actor was the son of former Toronto mayor and Canadian Cabinet minister David Crombie.
Child was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester when he walked across the mudflats on Wednesday. He quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft. Coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy, with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety.
Robert Kennedy Jr used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary. On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement. Kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors. She could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska, 34, along with her on the visits to help her translate. All three defendants were sentenced to two years imprisonment suspended for two years, ordered to carry out unpaid work and pay £250 each towards prosecution costs.
In 1992, a Drug Enforcement Agency program monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of the 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking, including almost every country in both North and South America. The program allowed agents to monitor calls the ruled out the possibility of foreign ties to the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building by American Timothy McVeigh. This is the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. The thief took her laptop, jewelry and a digital camera. Now, the woman is thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
The 18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was presented to Lord Uxbridge in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. It was sold by Bonhams to a private collector for more than £100,900. The box is about three-and-a-half inches long and weighs just six ounces.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, has been convicted of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder. Heale claimed she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012. But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. She now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster. During her testimony, she broke down as she reenacted what happened in court using a doll.
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday. Georgina Chapman has been busy working on her upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her brand Marchesa. She was joined by the couple's son Dashiell in her design studio on Wednesday. No charges have been filed against Weinstein at this time and he has cooperated with authorities.
Mario Balotelli receives the most abusive messages on social media, according to Kick It Out. Liverpool striker received more than 8,000 messages directed at him and Arsenal's Danny Welbeck received 1,700. Chelsea received 20,000 abusive messages, Liverpool 19,000, Arsenal 12,000 and Manchester United and City both getting 11,000.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. She has closed her store, but said she will reopen again and $850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days. The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
David Rylance, 47, admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years and three months. He spent the money on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs, a holiday and cinema tickets. He was in charge of an appointee account set up at Lloyds Bank, which held his mother's cash after her Alzheimer's diagnosis in 2009. One of her accounts held just £1,000 at the time of her death in July 2013.
Sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in Chelsea, west London, has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales. But the stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses. Property has now been bought by an offshore company for £51,191,950, according to Land Registry figures.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center, Minnesota. Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation. The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios. More than 500,000 people knock on doors of studios every year only to be told it is closed to the public. The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein.
Lib Dem leader's wife Miriam said party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May. She hit the campaign trail on her own today, as Mr Clegg said she 'wanted to do her bit' for party. Miriam Clegg joined Lib Dem Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone in Hornsey and Wood Green. The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in London.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, is the new face of Maybelline New York. She was British Vogue's February 2015 cover star and the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade. But the supermodel has revealed in an interview that she was severely bullied at school, which led to her suffering from incredibly low self-esteem. She said: 'I didn't want to look in the mirror. I hated going to school. I already didn't like the way I looked and now people were making me feel bad'
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping. The little girl is believed to be named Aliya. A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside in Prospect Heights.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted. 'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' said Eddingfeld. On April, 6, 1965 Eddinngfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed there for 13 years.
13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill. He had told classmates he was planning to 'kill all the teachers' last week, it is claimed. Teenager reportedly walked into school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning, killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers. He is undergoing a psychiatric examination and will not face criminal charges as he is under 14.
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence. The new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated.
Greenpeace activists scale the Polar Pioneer drill rig in the Pacific Ocean to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to oil drilling in the Arctic. The activists boarded the 38,000-tonne Polar Pioneer platform, which they boarded using inflatable boats from the Greenpeace vessel 'Esperanza'The move comes just days after the U.S. Interior Department upheld a 2008 lease sale in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska.
Alison Saunders' legal adviser was a barrister in same chambers as Lord Janner's son, it has emerged. Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute Daniel Janner. Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences against the Labour peer have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial.
Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams have seen number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. The dolphins come to the Hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks, travelling in large groups and sometimes forming ‘super-pods’ of thousands of individuals. The species, which are smaller than the area’s resident bottlenose dolphins, often approach boats and play in the wake.
Hilarious note left in London chip shop window was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts. In it the owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. In black pen he writes: 'This shop will be closed for 1 week. Re-open on Mon 16th March. Can't wait to be home to see you soon. Sorry for any inconvenience'
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, have shown that passive smoking affects plants too. Peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke. The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations despite none being allowed in insecticides.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil 'illegitimate'Daniel Filmus, Argentina’s secretary of state for the islands, said military conflict 'belongs to the past'He said Britain's decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was 'gunboat diplomacy'Mr Filmus's comments sparked a furious reaction from Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps. Investigators have been scouring his computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy. Lubitz may have spiked his Captain's coffee so he would be left alone on the aircraft's flight deck.
PETA spokesperson Pamela Anderson joined controversial Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio on Wednesday to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prison inmates. Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. Anderson, a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country.
The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan. While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white - apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed. The rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year.
Charli, an eight-year-old girl from Australia, makes an estimated $127,000 (AUD $162,472) per month from the ad revenue generated from her popular YouTube channel CharlisCraftyKitchen. The mini-Martha Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians. Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago. Jessica Alba also swore by it for getting her pre-baby bod back too.
Alarmed by a rash of explosions caused by amateur hash production, Colorado and Washington lawmakers are considering limits on making the marijuana concentrate at home. The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in her apartment block in Ningbo City in China. Property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son. Ms Xie, in her mid-forties, went to Yang with her child for help after she dropped her key down the gap between the lift and the fourth floor. All three got the lift to the fifth floor, and Yang, 52, pressed the button for the sixth floor.
Lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, still has a few secrets to reveal. A new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may belong to a baboon. The skeleton belongs to a species called Australopithecus afarensis and is 40 per cent complete.
The Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. The buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion, steering, or brake actuators, the driver relies completely on electrical signals and then transmitted by wires to the vehicle's motors.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, from West Sussex was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis. Now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com. She reveals what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time, how to have sex with a bag and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health.
Velella velella are not technically jellyfish, but they are closely related to them and are similar to the Man-O-War. They have a small sail on top of their bodies, which means they are easily blown to shore during strong winds this time of year.
Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g. Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent. The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g. The shrinking of one of Australia's most popular children’s chocolates was in fact spotted by a shop owner who stocks the treats.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target. System will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser. System is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel. He put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room. Acting inconspicuously, Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers.
Janet Brown, 51, was found naked, gagged with packing tape at the foot of the stairs of her family home in Radnage, near Chinnor, Buckinghamshire, in 1995. The killer handcuffed Mrs Brown's hands behind her back hand gagged her and dumped her naked body at the bottom of her stairs. Her two daughters Roxanne, 38, and Zara, 43, described their mother as a 'kind and loving nurse'Mrs Brown's body was found on April 10, 1995, by builders who had turned up to do work on the detached house.
Miley Cyrus, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio. But eagle-eyed fans noticed that the singer had given her razor a night off. Miley, who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices, displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for the snap. One user, Hayley Mashteare, commented: 'Armpit hair is disgusting, please shave Miley Cyrus'
Relationship expert Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional weddings set people up for failure. Suggests that a 'wedlease' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces. Couples agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner'At the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways.
No one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed. The water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. The tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground. Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
Sasha, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia. The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult.
Landmarks Preservation Commission was established by New York City Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965. The law was upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978 following a campaign led by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis to save another iconic railroad station, Grand Central. The commission was given a mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Controversial bookmakers Paddy Power have provoked outrage with a 'joke'Tweet read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male'It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers and has resulted in a furious backlash.
Justin Bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the Coachella music festival on Sunday. The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California. Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground, according to the article.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc., Bloomberg Business reports. A spokesman for TWC questioned the reports saying that the company has been working productively with both the DOJ and the Federal Communications Commission. The merger has been under extreme scrutiny since it was announced last February.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland is charged with homicide. The teen's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered the couple to break up. A day later, the teen told Barnes in a text message, 'I want her gone,' police said.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital. It came as the West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment. Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal' and said it was 'working hard' to prevent it.
Damian Lewis says redhead stock is'very high at the moment'Prince Harry, Ed Sheeran, Julianne Moore, me, Lily Cole and Eddie Redmayne are all redheads. Prince Harry transformed from cute ginger kid into bone-fide hot-haired hunk.
Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas which authorities claimed was from a faulty pump at his house. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. But damning new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition. They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. Researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known. Linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km)The colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off.
Soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside a wooden wardrobe in Tijuana, Mexico. The 66ft deep route was wired with lights, ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners. The route had not yet reached U.S. soil, but officials believe it would have surfaced a short distance from the border.
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts. Chris Cox, executive director of the Institute for Legislative Action, targeted Hillary Clinton's presidential bid as he warned 'elitist' Democrats are trying to'reshape America'Clinton is expected to announce her bid for the Democratic nomination for president on Sunday.
Ann Malsbury, 22, of Coventry, West Midlands, tried to strangle her ex-partner with iPod cable. She also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. The chef’s ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home to collect his belongings after 18-month relationship. But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back and wrapped iPod lead around his neck. She then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade. Was arrested and charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury. But she was cleared of this after her plea of guilty to an alternative offence of affray was accepted.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex. The pair had been driving together when Daniel erected a series of signs along the road. Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on but caught the second two which read: Will... you... Marry. She gasped when the next sign revealed the marriage proposal as a joke.
Liu Siying, 23, was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in her face after winning the race on Sunday. But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she was just doing her job. She said: 'I was just told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did'Campaigners have called for Hamilton to apologise for his'selfish and inconsiderate' behaviour.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi. But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought.
The suicides of five young sailors who served on the same base over two years has unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy. The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth. Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars for trying to distribute five kilos or more of cocaine. He was convicted in Houston and served time in Louisana and Georgia before his 2012 release which was commuted because of good behavior. Burton did not have a city permit to drive a cab and had never applied for an exemption.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer at an Australian Rules function on Saturday night. Critics said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a 'true blue Aussie bloke'Dr Julie Robert, a cultural studies professor at the University of Technology Sydney, said it was 'problematic' that the Prime Minister thought it was acceptable to'showcase his masculinity'
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire on Sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet. The Jack Russell was not on a lead and left her with two puncture marks on her face, narrowly missing her eye. Her father heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen on Romford Road, Stratford, at 10.30pm last night. She was spotted with an unknown man on a city street close to Grove Crescent Road. But the youngster was traced this morning and is safe and well, police said.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, allegedly shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on Monday morning. He faces one count of open murder and faces extradition to North Carolina to face an open count of murder. Police said they are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime, but refused to say what hate crime was being investigated.
Sarah Brady, wife of former White House Press Secretary Jim Brady, died Friday at the age of 73. The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death, calling Sarah Brady a 'guiding light'Mr Brady was shot in 1981 during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan.
Ed Miliband read from self-motivational notes during the leaders' debate. His cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive' and reveals he had planned a number of the put-downs he used on David Cameron. Labour leader urges himself to ‘stay calm, never agitated’ and ‘relish the chance to show who I am’His scrawled notes, found in his dressing room after the ITV debate, give an insight into his mindset.
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. Despite being embroiled in the very public and traumatic feud where the Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in 2012, the girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night. 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious, at their home near Florence.
Survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion. A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week after 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea.
Robert Bates, 73, turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. Bates is free on $25,000 bail and is charged with manslaughter for Harris' death. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office claims that Bates was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris, but they have been unable to find the paperwork.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists. He pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus, Ohio, federal court. His brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the Nusra Front, according to the indictment.
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, met Ian Garrod, 55, on gay dating app Grindr. But when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn, who was high on Class A Mephedrone, stabbed him in the neck. He then left Mr Garrod in fear of his life, before fleeing from the property with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery. Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, WA, was shocked when she found a scathing note in her mailbox. The letter criticises her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook. Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano, who posted it to her Facebook page and described it as 'next level mean'
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades. Sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher, 47.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. He allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know. The teen was left alone at the home in Las Vegas and gave birth in her mom's bed. She did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital. She ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition along with her baby. She stopped breastfeeding after two months because she was so undernourished and switched to baby formula. It was during this period that the child died - the cause of the death is under investigation.
Controversial retailer American Apparel has debuted a new 'pro-women' ad campaign featuring images of its female employees. The first print ad has the words 'Hello Ladies' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice. The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for International Women's Day.
Kamron Taylor, 23, had been awaiting sentencing at Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, for the murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, in June 2013. He beat a guard unconscious, stole his uniform, keys and SUV and fled in disguise. He was caught in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun on Friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck. Officers chased Taylor three blocks before he was apprehended and he is being held on weapons charges.
Brent Council said it was no longer able to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old. Mr Clark spent his £50,000 life savings on contributing to his care. Now, the council want to move him from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home. Help for Heroes has given Mr Clark and emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs. The charity has so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed to secure his future.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night when his mate blasted his back open. He tumbled down the hill he was perched on, falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape any further bullets. He has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital later on Monday.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment to some 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10. He was asked about the status of the A-10 Warthog and began to discuss budget constraints facing the department and the reason for the decision to retire the plane. In his own written account, Post said he told the group the Air Force didn't want to get rid of the plane but needed to because of budget constraints.
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world. The Brisbane gamer has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch. She used to work in hospitality, but once she started live streaming Call Of Duty there was no looking back. The 28-year-old has had her computer address and phone number leaked to others.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday. Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge. Her videos show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland. 'Whenever the wind blew, the foam just felt like you were in a snow globe,' she said.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure. Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole  seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
Letterman was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday. He had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in last three months of 2014. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours. Lord Tony Hall, BBC director general, highlighted decline to BBC Trust.
The S300 rocket barely manages to take off before plummeting back down to earth. Footage shows debris and a plume of smoke clearly visible next to the Russian flag.
Alan Barnes, 67, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear after he was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss. The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000. Mr Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house. The property boasts two bedrooms, a spacious living room, modern kitchen and large bathroom.
Staff canteen at Yeo Valley headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has been hailed as the world's best staff canteen. 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food. Executive chef Paul Collins has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants.
Roman Ehrhardt, a senior communications major at Mississippi State, brought a George Foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich - while sitting in the front row of his class. He was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm, according to a Buzzfeed Community posting. One student compared Roman to Jeff Spicoli, a character who battled his uptight history teacher by having pizza delivered to his classroom in the 1982 film Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Chase Culpepper, 17, was born male but identifies as female. She regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing. She was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year. After a legal battle, the policy has been changed.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, apologized to a military mom for belittling the sacrifice of her slain son Marc Lee. Lee, 28, was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq and was posthumously awarded the Silver Star and Purple Heart. His mother Debbie Lee was outraged when Dempsey wrote off the city as 'not symbolic in any way' while discussing operations against ISIS. Lee's message was shared widely enough that Dempsey read it, prompting him to send an apology.
Boris Johnson and David Cameron slam SNP plans to prop up Labour. Alex Salmond boasted he would write Labour's first budget because the SNP would hold the balance of power. The SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives, but is ready to do a deal with Labour.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m. Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out, such as this £32 Cath Kidston tank top... and there's no doubt that his little brother or sister will do the same.
Mikki Nicholson, 36, was born male but identified as a woman. Had planned move to Newcastle, where she had hoped people would be more accepting. But she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness. Inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in months before death.
Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and therapy. Claims she was a classmate of Kunis, 31, who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991. Claims the actress was jealous of her pet chicken 'Doggie' and stole it from her as a child. Karo, now living in Los Angeles, says the theft has 'prevented her from pursuing the American dream'
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone were brought closer together by process on last night's episode of Married at First Sight. The newlyweds shared a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in Astoria, Queens, because it was the halfway point between their two homes. Ryan visited Jaclyn's apartment in Union, New Jersey but told her it was too far away from his real estate job in Long Island.
Doctors have warned against people cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates. White bread and heavily processed carbohydrates are contributors for weight gain. Doctors say there is a distinct difference in the nutritional value of white and grain bread, there's also a disparity in the glycaemic index (GI)
The Bay Ridge block in Brooklyn was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex. The building maintenance worker and his girlfriend, who is now four months pregnant, were complained about six times for excessive noise. The boyfriend said he didn't see what the problem was - and wouldn't mind if other people were as noisy as him.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation. One-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique.
Buzz60's Patrick Jones was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign in New York City when he took to the streets to hear opinions from the public. While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
William Hague expected to warn England risks being 'held to ransom' by SNP. Cameron admits he has 'no end' of passion but is a 'practical, sensible, clear-headed' Conservative.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook. The Dee Why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless. Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Eritrean Mered Medhanie heard laughing on police wiretap about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize. Second trafficker, Ermias Ghermay, who is thought to have made £72m from smuggling in the last two years, also showed callous disregard for his 'customers'Ghermay was already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa that left 366 dead.
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September. On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges. Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug. Owner James Kimber told MailOnline Travel that the source of the illness has not been identified, but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel.
Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a US. government employee,' according to an FBI affidavit. Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance, according to the affidavit. Despite these claims however, she was never prosecuted by the government.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago. She started experimenting with food, and found that simply changing what she ate for breakfast had a huge impact on her mood. Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week.
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother’s home in Moore, Oklahoma, Saturday. Alyssa McKenna, 9, went outside to check on her brother when she heard his screams and spotted a trio of large rottweilers biting the child in the brush by a dirt road. The 9-year-old girl picked up her big brother and carried him home because he was unable to walk on his own after the attack.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013. The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
Best-selling author Abigail Ahern is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible, aptly named Colour. 'The ability of colour to transfrom surroundings, to excite, inspire, tantalise and calm, is second to none!' enthuses Ahern.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March. Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. Now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall. By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing. She says there are lessons to be learnt on how to split amicably and how to stay friends with an ex. Tracey says that although the couple's split is admirable there are some aspects you should steer clear of.
Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27. In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment. Amanda Berry, 29, revealed in her first-person memoir about her abduction and imprisonment by Ariel Castro, that she was confused by conflicted feelings towards him when he was kind to their daughter, whom she gave birth in captivity after being raped.
District Judge Nigel Cadbury suggested student nurse Karen Buckley had put herself in danger. The 24-year-old went missing on a night out with friends in Kelvinside, Glasgow. Her body was found on a farm north of Glasgow on April 16 after a four-day search. Judge Cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death. He said: 'It's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very vulnerable positions'
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, died last month after stepping in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland. She suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, which went undiagnosed until her early 20s. Now Fuller has revealed how Natalie's condition worsened over years and eventually drove her to suicide. She said Natalie was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and that her suicide doesn't change that.
Prime Minister made the comment as host Phillip Schofield moved on to next item. Mr Cameron, who was off camera, could then be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?' Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads.
Scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours. Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent. Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans.
Department store Myer will be holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd until Sunday 26th. Myer stocks top end Australian labels including Alex Perry, Toni Maticevski, Lisa Ho as well as international labels Balmain, DKNY and Alexander McQueen. The sale will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store.
Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of a gang member who dared try to claim an area as 'his hood' while in her courtroom. O'Shae Smith, 20, shot Kendre Allen, 18, in the hip in late March and is being held without bond. Statom had a personal connection to the area that has been ravaged with gang violence, and told Smith 'it used to be a very nice place to live'
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities, and can be the gate-way to some of the world's most incredible attractions. Here, Mail Online Travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy in Lincolnshire. She visited her GP for treatment for a water infection and was told she must make up missed time. Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish Courtney. School claimed detention was to give Courtney best chance of doing well in exams.
The four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted by a member of the Prime Minister's staff. It landed on the roof of his principle office and residence in Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo. The drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material. It is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy.
Samantha Cameron visited Growing Zone, an allotment project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax, West Yorkshire. She was introduced to various activities by June Perkin, who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families and youngsters she watched in a Leeds shopping centre. Mrs Cameron said the best thing about campaigning was 'getting out and about - meeting amazing people like June'
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over its sister ship as it made its way out of Southampton Docks on its maiden voyage this afternoon. Both ships are owned by Royal Caribbean International and will both be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean over the summer. After the summer, both will move to New York and will sail regularly to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul, South Korea. The country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the Republic of Korea is shown as 'high tech' and'modern'Use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement has been criticised by South Koreans.
Lian Doyle helped to cover up the murder of Pennie Davis, 47, in New Forest last year. Justin Robertson was paid £1,500 by Benjamin Carr, the son of victim's ex-lover Benjamin Carr. He was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison. Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after disposing of her boyfriend's shoes.
Three million counterfeit condoms thought to be worth £1.3 million seized by police. Sold in eight provinces, including Henan, Anhui, Zhejiang, Hubei, Guangdong, Jiangsu and Shaanxi.
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?' on Wednesday. The 33-year-old married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November. The couple's efforts to have a baby had been unsuccessful because she suffers from Endometriosis. Mel was one of these women, and had been told she would not be able to fall pregnant naturally. It was then that she made the decision to have IVF treatment.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing, and they were a third less likely when chewing. The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts. The study was carried out by scientists at the University of Reading.
Emergency workers surrounded the Delta Air Lines plane at LaGuardia Airport. An odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after Flight 2522 touched down. Passengers were still on board as firefighters used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker. The 26-year-old British backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months. He makes money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands and spends only $100 each week on all of his expenses. He has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
James Oatway took chilling images of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday. Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death. He said: 'I think that people who are angry with me for taking the pictures... should try and direct their anger at the men responsible for the attack and not at me'
Duchess of Cambridge revealed her baby is due'mid to late April' during a visit last month. Prince William has finished his Air Ambulance training early and will now be on unpaid leave. Prince Harry will be in London this weekend before returning to Australia.
Ben Affleck has finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history. The admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor. Another was named today as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in what is now Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
The Carnival Spirit has finally docked at Sydney's Overseas Passenger Terminal this morning. The cruise liner was due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to traffic due to the storm. The ship was carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew on a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves, which began crashing into the ship.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen. The Queen presented the 93-year-old with the rank of a Knight of the Order of Australia at Windsor Castle on Wednesday. Mr Abbott’s announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a British royal on a day meant to commemorate their countrymen. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said there would be 'considerable more consultation around these awards' in the future.
Six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm. It was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe'Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, of Ventnor, New Jersey, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband, Daniel, 63. She was found guilty last month of first-degree murder for stabbing her husband to death, dismembering him with a knife and a saw, packing the body parts into plastic containers, and dragging them with her as she moved three times in six years.
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, met Sakir Candan, 26, on holiday in Marmaris, Turkey. The pair were together for 18 months and she slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12. But she was heartbroken when she found out Sakir had been cheating on her with another woman.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders 'ignored the advice' of to top QCs to charge Lord Janner. Both Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC, offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Janner in the dock.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400. Afterwards, Holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Headcase Barbers has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the bowl cut. The Nineties chop was made famous by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber. It has graced the heads of celebrities from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus.
Jaime Hessel claims her driver was on his phone, taking phone calls and checking his voicemails. She claims the car cut across lanes of traffic and was driven down a bus lane. Uber says it was a clerical error and that she was never actually charged the $16,000.
Bella Hadid, 18, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine, which sees her modeling a series of risque and revealing ensembles.
Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised Pauline Bruce and her family for seven years. The couple moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow, Shropshire. Yvonne turned on Pauline after finding out she had struck up a friendship with another neighbour.
Aden Gould, 21, from Stoke-on-Trent, was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury's stores across the country. He was also told to pay a £150'security fee' even though he put the equipment back where he found it. The giant firm sent him an aggressive letter warning staff would call the police if they ever caught him trying to enter. But after his mother complained, the company has now revoked the ban and told him he can return.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy. Her son, Andrew Rule, 54, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents. Michael Rule, 51, who receives approximately $9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by Rule Enterprises, LLC, is also accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks.
James Krainch was 22 months old when he fell from a second floor window in Las Vegas. His mother Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see his heels as he fell. The window had been propped open to let in the breeze, and he died from his injuries. On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited his grave to celebrate his life.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. 'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary. Hellyer first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005, becoming the first high ranking politician to do so.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California. The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Shannon Carter, 21, jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto heel during a night out in Bradford city centre. The court heard how there had been a confrontation between Carter's friends and a friend of victim in a bar earlier in the evening. Carter then followed the victim into the toilets, where she carried out the 'unprovoked' attack.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured the product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter, 96. Retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter’s address in Epping, Essex. He dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage. Townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage.
Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference. She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names at Palazzo Corsini. Last night, she was photographed enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren's middle son David. She also met International Vogue Editor Suzy Menkes and Karl Lagerfeld.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments.
The unnamed girlfriend dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him. The unnamed man, also from Japan, Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2. Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Lt. Dan was born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner Karen Riddle that he should be put down because he might be too sick to live. Sapphyre Johnson, a three-year-old from Tennessee had to have both of her feet amputated when she was three-months-old. The puppy was named after a character in the film Forest Gump who lost both of his legs.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was torn away from her family and sent to live with a Houston woman who mistakenly thought she was her long-lost daughter, Dorotea Garcia. Alondra is now back with her real family after a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of the Houston woman. Garcia claimed the girl was her daughter who had been illegally taken to Mexico by her father in 2007 at age four.
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world. Michaels, a native of Toronto, made the cut for the second time since 2008.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years. She married at 19 and embarked on a mission to battle the bulge, but her husband was embarassed by her size as she continued to pile on the pounds, and they divorced.
LAX in Los Angeles is America's second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year, beaten only by Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta international airport. Hurghada International Airport, Egypt is a favourite hotspot with European travellers, especially those looking for some winter sun.
Geoff Barrow, founder of Portishead, attacked streaming services in a series of tweets. He said he received just £1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times. Barrow said he was not opposed to streaming technology, but was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal. Artists have long railed against the low royalties paid from streaming companies, leading to Jay Z launching his own service, Tidal.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox, the poll by online file-sharing service Lifetile found. Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shot which paralysed Thusha Kamaleswaran in 2011. He and accomplice Gino Sawyers subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home last year. They were both sentenced at Croydon Crown Court after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa. Without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent of 12 reindeer a year - than if they did. It is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors, scientists believe.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is building a network of'misfits'ISIS trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among'very young people and those with mental health issues'More than 600 British jihadists have travelled to join ISIS, with half returning to pose a threat on UK streets.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, got into difficulty. He was pulled from the water in Hampstead Heath, north London, after getting into difficulty while swimming. Witnesses said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend. It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
Angie Donohue has told how her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her, even from the confines of his prison cell. She said he became increasingly possessive, always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do.
Smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates. Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up. They include leaving conversations about Tinder to evenings with your friends, and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on Facebook.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels in Leeds. She was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager Alex Nkoroi. She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has attended every Kentucky Derby since he was just 8 years old in 1940. He has collected a program from every race he has attended and keeps them in a binder at home. This week, Sutton invited a reporter from WAVE 3 into the Louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years, Doris.
Team of researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise risk of infection after surgery. They swabbed stuffed animals that were brought into hospital by children ahead of surgery. The findings revealed that all those soft toys showed bacterial growth. Despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make bombs. Components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out. The father-of-two says he hopes to emerge as 'the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state'Tariq served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria last year. He began posting explosive-making instructions and encouraging 'lone wolves' to carry out deadly bomb attacks.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning. The athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
David Cameron will promise extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs. He will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment. Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000.
iD will launch in May and offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe. The aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets. Carphone Warehouse's boss Graham Stapleton said the iD website will launch tomorrow, where people can register their interest. iD will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans.
Hogs Breath Cafe in Aspley is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad. The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it. Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the Hogs Breath, located north of Brisbane, for the embarrassing mistake.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Norway will switch off its FM transmitters on January 11, 2017. It will be the first country in the world to switch off FM radio signals in favour of digital. The switch off of FM services could create other problems - leaving millions of households with legacy electronics unable to pick up a signal.
California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design. It is likely to build on the power packs used in Tesla's range of electric cars such as the Model S.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game. Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt watched from the sidelines. When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
173 lots of designer brands worth from £300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on April 28. Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Gucci, Mulberry, Ferragamo and Manolo Blahnik will all go under the hammer. House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival the likes of Harrods and Selfridges.
The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that Carly Fiorina will launch a presidential campaign on May 4. But Fiorina's spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point. Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin, broken flip flops and maybe even a water-logged mobile phone. But don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand. Below, MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. Procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery. Others said smokers might be denied some treatments, most commonly IVF.
President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide. As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope. Historians estimate that 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks during World War I. The Pope has also called the slaughter 'the first genocide of the 20th century'
Claire Sweeney has turned to hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn to shed two stone. The actress, 44, admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. Hepburn helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 in 2009.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather. Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected. But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet'
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February. He had been charged with making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge.
SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data, covering 800 emoji across 60 categories. The languages studied include English, including US, UK and Australian, Spanish, Vietnamese, French, Malaysian, Arabic, German, Turkish and French, Portuguese, Italian and Russian. Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied. Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. Hand gestures such as thumbs up, clapping hands and the peace were in fourth followed by romantic emoji, such as the lipstick kiss mark, love letter and couple kissing.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet, which itself violates the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $100,000 bond. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida. Cell phone video emerged showing Erica Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork. Avery's attorney told the court it was her sister, not Avery, who sent the victim messages.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him. He uploads them to a popular Chinese social media website, making him one of the most recognised faces in the region.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, works as a special effects make-up artist. She creates gruesome injuries using special effects for weddings and events. Abi says that she was inspired by her family who worked in showbiz.
Ukip leader tells ITV's Julie Etchingham about his childhood, family and his plans to go on and on as Ukip leader - until 2030. The 51-year-old discusses his love of skinny-dipping in the icy waters of the English Channel as a boy. He also discussed his battle with testicular cancer and keeping his children out of the public eye.
Alice Barker, 102, used to dance with the likes of Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly. She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. She didn't even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage. David Shuff, who met Barker years ago at her retirement home, and archivist Mark Cantor helped locate and reunite the one-time famous dancer with three of her'soundies', known then as short musical videos.
Cengiz Guven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day. The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years. He's protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, from Shrewsbury, died after taking eight - six more than fatal dose. She 'burned up from within', her mother said, adding: 'A student with a decent grade in A-level chemistry could work out how to synthesise this'
Almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the UK, research shows. 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. Institution of Occupational Safety and Health urged businesses to improve'sun safety'
Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and nuts and bolts, batteries and magnets. He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets over a three year period. Mr Singh claims he didn't realise his stomach pain was due to his habit of eating metal objects. He said: 'I used to gulp down coins and metals with fruit juice or milk. I am never going to do this again'
Lib Dem leader said Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines. Nick Clegg said David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home' was 'worrying'He warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'Nick Clegg admitted his 'rubbishness' in the kitchen after it emerged his wife and sons had been secretly running a food blog - MumAndSons.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy school's ban on taking children to Maypole festival. Claimed the rituals are part of her family's'religion, culture and heritage'School blocked request under government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013. But Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. He paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater that was almost as high as his shoulders. Three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel, 36, in a Mesa, Arizona, parking lot in 2012. She originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct, but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal. Daniel Solomon, 36 at the time, was taken to the hospital in critical condition after suffering a shattered pelvis and a torn artery.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Boardwine had no parental rights. After the boy was born, the pair disagreed on the level of involvement Mr Boardwine would have in his son's life.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be omitted from the conversation,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day. 'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell have been trying to conceive since they were married. The Perth couple turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor. A call-out on their local radio station put the Chalwells in touch with Shannon Mann, who they asked to be their donor. Ms Mann, 22, has a two-year-old son, Lucas.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg)It was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size.
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin'The 34-year-old French-built Falcon 50 began tumbling through the air on Friday. The plane landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit.
FaceTune is a £2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'Not only can you remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes, but you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches. You can whiten teeth, remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely before instantly sharing the retouched photos to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Flickr or Tumblr.
Discount supermarket Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) took action against the supermarket company last year. An investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores.
The Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks. The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking' evidence. Iain Duncan Smith dismissed the figures saying they are 'unverified'He said the best way to help families was to get people into work.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week. He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Omar Hallak, principal of Islamic School Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly banned his female students from running, amid fears it would cause them to lose their virginity. Former teachers of the school claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal Omar Hallak was discriminating against female students. The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations. Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak told students Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims, but rather a plot against them.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday. The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening. Hinch runs Organica Herb & Tea Co., which he operates with his girlfriend, and 'fired 8 shots into the computer,' according to city police, 'effectively disabling it'
Seven costumes from the 1965 classic are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30. The costumes are made of actual curtain fabric, which is a canvas type of material. They were either acquired from an auction of outfits from legendary Hollywood costume supplier, Western Costume, held in July 1994, or have been supplied directly by Western Costume.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one used to fund a housing development in Slovakia. The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant. The migrants then claim they have a human right to a family life in Britain to raise the child.
Arsenal are the most popular team with 5.6million followers, followed by Chelsea (5.4m) and Manchester United (4.8m)The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance. Arsenal have strong support in London and the south east and actually have more followers in the backyards of rivals Chelsea and Tottenham.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre. She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, her lawyer says. The girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran. The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration. Lawyers are fighting to stop the girl being sent back to the island.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern Paris on Sunday. Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at the IT student's home, as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church'His arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor, who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a car park in the Paris suburb of Villejuif.
Humpback whale populations are to be declassified as 'endangered' following successful conservation programme. At one stage the worldwide population dropped to just a few thousand due to over-fishing and hunting, but it has now recovered to 90,000. Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten of these will be deemed 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still ‘endangered’
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
Gazprom accused of overcharging buyers in Eastern Europe and hindering competition. European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable'
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, lost control of her body and crashed her car last May. She blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock. Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain. The condition can be as debilitating as Parkinson's disease and MS and may share many common symptoms.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after a woman's body was found in the boot of the car he was driving. The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday. Police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35. Ms D'Addario was reported missing along with her boyfriend Josaia (Joey) Vosikata, 27.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a maintenance engineer to gain access to students' homes. He stole laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit, court hears. But he was caught when he left behind a bag containing a police charge sheet bearing his name and address. He has now been sentenced to four years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, has sought medical help after Twinkle Twinkle Little Star first became stuck in his head last May. He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call for years. Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara of the Minneapolis VA Medical Center is trying to help cure Manderson by playing the song repeatedly in hopes he will tune it out.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year. Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court. Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial would take place on August 10.
Charlotte Blakeway, 17, was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire. She had suffered an epileptic fit while studying at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College. A-level student had been studying film, performance, English and sociology at sixth form. Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth, Devon, later this year. She will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa, which will set her on the path to citizenship. Ms Carney, formerly known as Robert, said she has been dreaming of a life in Britain since reading books about it as a child.
Don the border collie was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank, on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier. Don's owner Tom Hamilton was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls. The incident happened at junction 13 of the M74, near Abington in South Lanarkshire.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was arrested for DUI in Butte, Montana, on Tuesday evening after crashing into another car and setting off a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars. After the crash, he drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away, according to Butte-Silver Bow Undersheriff George Skuletich. Officers noticed he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the Italian mainland. Their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe and on this occasion they were lucky it didn't end in tragedy.
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother. Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, dumped her then husband and entered a relationship with the teen. William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn. Grandmother-of-eight Marilyn, now 54, said: 'The age gap doesn't matter'
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, used his iPod to take illicit photos of patients, tribunal hears. He was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent. Valentine admitted ten allegations of taking photographs without medical reason or consent and showing them to colleagues. He denied lying to his boss about how many he had taken and kept them on his device until August 2013.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. Material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger. It comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging.
Observers heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. Richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police officer.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once it comes into contact with oxygen. The matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. They include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads.
Former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip. 'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal. The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing. Four Americans lost their lives in the September 11, 2012 terror attacks, including US ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens, the first American ambassador killed while on duty since 1979.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day. Remembrance ceremonies began at sunset on Tuesday and continue until nightfall on Wednesday. Israel remembers 23,320 fallen since 1860 in fighting for the national cause.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition. They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Palaeontologists say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today. It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions to attract a mate.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe over next few years. He urged David Cameron to resist pressure for Britain to take in large numbers of refugees. Up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC, despite sacking. She insisted there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on the corporation' and that the 54-year-old would return to the corporation once he had 'had some time'Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month during an internal investigation after he attacked Top Gear producer Mr Tymon.
Laura Eugenia Smith faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat. The girl was released to her mother and the Department of Child Services were notified.
Images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence. In a potentially incendiary move, Barrio members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13. They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, created Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today. Raquel, who posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog The Ugly Volvo, came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something on Yelp and realized that there were reviews for everything except babies.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly. 'None of it is true,' she said, during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the magazine. The Whole Pantry founder said: 'I don't want forgiveness. Above anything, I would like people to say, 'Okay, she's human'
Papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover. The text recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together and possibly wearing it around the neck. While the text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol, it is not known if it had any effect.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking husband and wife Ronald and June Phillips. The couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside cabin. But Finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when Mr Phillips went for him with his crutch. He denied attacking Mrs Phillips and claimed Mr Phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and hit him with the crutch when he demanded an apology.
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is fragrance and soap free. Contains just eight ingredients, which makes it less harsh on the skin than other facewashes containing long lists of chemicals.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus. Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on a road in Macclesfield. Had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car. She pleaded guilty to drink driving and was banned from driving for four years.
RSPCA officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire. They had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. Darren Wheatcroft, 48, and his son Callan, 22, both of Accrington, admitted keeping and training three of the dogs. All three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay £40,000 to the RSPCA.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during same period last year, according to analysis from flight data specialist EUclaim. There have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations, compared to 4,239 cancellations during the same period in 2014. Number of delays also increased to 2,427 from 2,260 in 2014, with low-cost carrier Monarch experiencing a 30% increase in delays.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up. Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands. Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands that they were reunited.
Mothers and fathers should use 'carrot and the stick' approach to get children to do things they don't want to do. Sir James Munby said parents should confiscate mobiles and electronic gadgets from teenagers. Suggested grounding teenagers and 'threats falling short of brute force' as suitable methods. He said being a parent is tough, but 'that is what parenting is all about'
The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season. Hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder. Hardy signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month and will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games.
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT of £28,000 over two years. He and Phillip Tamplin, 53, invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners' property during broadband installation, and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims. Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted his junior colleague Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC for 'taking his eye off the ball' and passing an 'unlawful' sentence.
'N' is a shadow of the bubbly, precocious girl she was before she met the paedophile singer. 'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again. I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep,' she said.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28. Sarabi escaped from handlers on March 21 after being dropped by musher Allaway's team during the Iditarod race. The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in system which 'punished poor'Accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking Tories for failing poor. He said: 'Don't you dare lecture us on poverty. The true party of working people in Britain today is us, the Conservative Party'
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield County, Virginia, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene. Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions. Elisa Tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident.
Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father. But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, the court heard. She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it on hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle'Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up, wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his daughter, who he wished not to be named, standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014. He said he was living and working in Tokyo, around an hour north, and wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'His friend Brian Publicover posted the picture to Reddit, where it became a topic of'mostly negative' discussion until it resurfaced this week.
Finder.com.au says the first version of the Apple Watch might be 'a waste of money' for some consumers, who might be better off waiting until the 2016 version. The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model. A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch. They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement.
Claims by The Trussell Trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false. It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million. Labour and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure, with shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves describing it as'shocking'The Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
Tracy Walters, 48, died after her husband Ian's car veered off the M1 motorway last year. The 51-year-old's Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree. Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash. Walters, who was also badly hurt in the incident, was charged with her murder two months later.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. Case follows that of Lisa Curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist.
Barry Selby, 54, from Poole, Dorset, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps. He decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet.
Baboucarr Ceesay, a talented footballer from The Gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK. His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation after discovering that he was not among the 27 survivors. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths'
Jake Gyllenhaal, 34, lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle for Southpaw. His trainer, former boxer Terry Claybon, said it took a huge amount of work to get the actor ripped for the shoot, including six months of training before filming even started. He also worked out for an incredible six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble, and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. The space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons and will carry four instruments, including cameras and spectrometers that can capture extremely faint signals. The project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $8.8 billion.
Letizia, 42, was joined by husband King Felipe, 47, for lunch in honour of Juan Goytisolo. Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen. Letizia was making her second appearance at an awards show in two days, having spent Monday night handing out prizes at the Woman Awards.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's, Debenhams and Laura Ashley. This year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
The car is a celebrated 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III and will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. It is being sold at Bonhams' Aston Martin sale in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, on May 9. The restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000.
David Norris, 51, jailed for 20 years for the attempted murder of his estranged wife. He pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of St Nicholas Church, Southfleet, near Gravesend, in Kent. She begged him to think of their children as he launched his vicious attack. But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened. He was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
Actor Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 for £4,000. It was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500. He bought the car shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Spartacus.
Male competitors on Bear Grylls' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks. They killed what producers thought was a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile. However, suspicions were raised when the animal appeared larger than usual. It has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33. Duffy told the court his co-accused Rachel Evans was the one with a 'twisted desire to kill'Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property, located near Picton, south west of Sydney. Duffy and Evans, along with a 16-year-old girl who can not be named, went to a hotel in Picton with Ms Ayers on May 8, 2012 to have sex with each other while the unidentified teenager filmed the act.
Three men arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef Claudia Lawrence. North Yorkshire police confirmed the men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning. Body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. Officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days.
Workers could save up to £1,300 a year if they prepared their lunch at home instead of buying pre-packed sandwiches and snacks from shops. Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective, and delicious lunches to work.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas, but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Jerry Moon, 72, had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington. He was chronically ill in his final years and began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013. The funeral home was responsible for transporting his body to the Brown Mortuary for a burial. But his identification bracelet had been placed on another body and he was cremated. The family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes.
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder. When leaving a settlement, the female wearer would have worn this naastit under trousers.
Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate'Put it in special measures, along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country. Today watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement' and publish glowing report. Experts say it is further evidence that inspection was flawed and a stitch-up.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, took chase when Steven Gaydos, 25, ran a stop sign near Houston in December 2012. Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license. Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking the man once in the thigh. The motorcyclist then raised his hand and pulled over and, as he tried to put down his kickstand, Martinez suddenly leaped out at him, kicked him and knocked him to the ground.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks, which can spread potentially fatal diseases to humans. Warning comes after a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs. Lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects their pets as well as themselves.
Illini Bluffs High School in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in theunique makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike. Rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the Kardashian clan.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was a member of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood. Now it and 49 others, may be bulldozed to make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. If residents are not willing to move, the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants. The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters was captured on video and later uploaded onto YouTube by a right-wing group called We The People Rising. Knight, a former Los Angeles police officer, was elected to represent the 25th Congressional District last year.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield near Attleborough, Norfolk, this afternoon. Man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of 20 people at a press day for the air show. A friend of the pilot said: 'He was the best bloke I knew. He was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing'Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
Secret footage showed the former first minister mocking Labour after it slapped down its Scottish leader Jim Murphy, who claimed he would write the party's budget north of the border. 'I knew that [he wouldn't be writing it] already – because I'm writing the Labour Party budget,' he declared to cheers at a fundraising event. He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' – a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.
Belle Gibson has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses. Model Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. 'I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf,' Campbell said on the Today Show on Thursday morning. In a magazine interview, Belle Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder at Lueneburg state court in Germany. He was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were brought to Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in Nazi-occupied Poland and most immediately gassed to death. Auschwitz survivors describe their arrival as chaotic, with Nazi guards yelling orders, dogs barking and families being ripped apart. But Groening, 93, said 'it was very orderly and not as strenuous' on the ramp at Birkenau.
An eight-year-old boy penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough. Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday. She recommended the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups. It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
Affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his ancestry. After appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by DailyMail.com. This enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic Gowanus Canal, which has been designated as especially polluted by the Environmental Protection Agency. The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up. A baby whale once got lost in the canal in 2007 and died within two days.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, at top independent school St Paul’s in Barnes, south west London, during the 1980s. She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency.
Flight 5622, operating as United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. When the plane landed, SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident. His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. The settlement does not preclude continued litigation.
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Aaron Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013. The lawsuit seeking unspecified damages was filed in December 2013 but was put on hold during the criminal trial.
Lord Tebbit hit out at David Cameron for not being a'real man' with'real depth of experience'Former Tory party chairman said Mr Cameron had never had a 'proper job' before entering politics. He said the PM had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton Television. Also criticised Mr Cameron's tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government.
The Nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot. ISIS released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group's control.
Ukip leader said he had'made some mistakes' by trying to do too much and had had to scale back his commitments. But he insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'Nick Clegg accused Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' character.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic on a road in Limington, Maine, on Saturday afternoon. Initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history. The team tried to tweak the gene responsible for β-thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9. Some scientists have reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid up to £100 an hour to model. Her hands have starred in adverts on the Disney Channel and advertorials in the Sunday Times Style magazine.
Woman who escaped the clutches of Islamic State has revealed how people are living in fear. She said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone. Women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother. They are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them - and any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police.
Zbigniew Huminsk, 38, raped and murdered Chloe Hyart, nine, on April 15. The tragic killing sparked a national outpouring of grief in France after her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week. Mourners gathered at St Peter's in northern France today where huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, found guilty of attempted murder after his wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back at their home in Polegate, East Sussex. The former Polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her. He soon discovered his estate manager wife was having an affair with married postman, Nick Gunn, nicknamed 'Tommy' by friends and family, who lived and worked in their village.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2m home to his children after police raid. Property was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year. It was the same month that police raided his Westminster office, and three months after they swooped on his home.
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has promised to give each pilot involved in Yemen air strikes a Bentley. Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from Houthi rebels. They have killed at least 944 people and wounded around 3,480 in the month long campaign. Prince Talal, who owns $300 million stake in Twitter, made the pledge on social media.
One in five Australians admit to doing online shopping in bed at night, according to a new study. More than 27 per cent of Australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to sign for online orders.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi is the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State. Authorities named him as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday. Now he has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in Australia.
Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test for $249 (£167)It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRC2, along with 17 other markers, all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer. It is currently available in 45 states and is hoping to comply with regulations in New York, Maryland, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania and Florida.
FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers. Lint-free and tear-resistant filter paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations. They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks, from being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls, to cleaning varnish off your fingernails when you've run out of cotton wool.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. Stephen Delicino, 59, was killed in 2012 and Robert Haney, 56, died in 2013. Monica admitted to shooting Haney when she found him being attacked by her pigs in 2013, but jurors didn't buy the story. Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter'
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens. He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River. Land was forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s. He says under international law he is entitled to take control of the 'unclaimed' territory.
Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University, where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians, calling for his resignation because he is a 'charlatan who promotes 'quack treatments'In a special episode of The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday, the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence.
Ukip leader admits he has a 'preference' for Australian immigrants over Somalis and Eastern Europeans. He said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English and understood Britain's legal system. Mr Farage also admitted he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of Ukip's election campaign.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi's signature suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world, overlooking the Arabian Gulf. The 1,120 sq metre room features three bedrooms, a pantry, a full dining room, library and cinema. In-room spa facilities include a private steam room, sauna, Jacuzzi, two treatment beds and an exercise room.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell, east of Auckland. Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson visited Advantage day nursery in Surbiton, south west London. They were promoting Tory plans to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week. But when they tried to put the puzzle back together, they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected. After taking nine minutes to complete the puzzle, the pair were relieved to try their hand at hand painting.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Stephanie Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland, just days before she was set to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Ms Scott's body was found by found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation. 'Obviously, she herself is traumatised by this whole incident too,' Cr Maytom said.
David Healy, head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor, North Wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. Suggested success of so-called SSRI drugs – which include Prozac and Seroxat – was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years. The couple found their first child in a box on the side of the road in 1989 and carried her home. They gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural Shanxi province, central China. Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse. Sadly, nine of the children died and another 12 were adopted by other families.
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. Quentin Letts says he is a committed royalist and father of three. 'For the next six weeks, and possibly beyond, the Prince will be on domestic parade,' he says.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see the Casino teenager paralysed. His family refused to accept the dismal diagnosis and took matters into their own hands and found Dr Teo, who said he would perform the operation if the family understood the risks. The 18-year-old underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West on the red carpet at the TIME 100 Gala in New York on Tuesday. The couple were celebrating the Time's 100 most influential people in the world at Jazz at Lincoln Center in NYC.
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring. Clients agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner 'for identification purposes', as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated.
Stephanie Scott was remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones, in a touching funeral service on Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday, just days before her wedding. Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt, her mother Merrilyn, father Robert, and her siblings. Her sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was.
Colin Gilpatric, an aspiring Jedi Knight, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry, as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead Jedis to the 'dark side'Desperate for a solution, Colin, who has autism, went directly to the man in charge: Star Wars director and writer Mr Lucas. Colin, desperate not to end up like Anakin Skywalker - aka Darth Vader - in the film series, made his case to the Star Wars creator.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the CPS's decision not to prosecute Lord Janner for child abuse. They accuse Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling. At least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010, including ten in the past year.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. Despite having several tattoos while he was in the Marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation – that has cost him his chance at reenlisting.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James, 38, and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, from Marietta, Georgia, all face felony conspiracy charges. The GoFundMe page is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the Clawson family. The couple has two children, the daughter and an older son, according to their Facebook pages.
Dr. George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head and is recovering at home. Witness Justin McCarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet near the mausoleum.
Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny. Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2m. But he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one. He said: 'I'll get it from my income – myself and Justine.'
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev, 45, for hours. After two hours of play, the Russian suggested a draw. Jonah was third overall, qualifying for the British Chess Championships this August.
Swazi gold is grown in the tiny South African sovereign state of Swaziland, where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana. Farmers have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination and can now yield double the crop they once could annually. Swazi gold that stays in South Africa is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive new cocktail known as nyope. Nyope contains a heroin concentration of around ten per cent, and often 'fillers' including rat poison and crushed HIV tablets.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to police on Tuesday morning and was booked on three counts of sexual assault - one count for each victim. Police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys at Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia. Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23. Investigators say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. Dress is available online for just £80 and can be worn again rather than being stashed away. It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year. A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months. Twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing, one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call. Figures have re-opened argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe.
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops in the face of the Nazi advance. After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz. The boat is still capable of pumping out 3,000 gallons of water every minute, the same as four fire engines.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court. He admitted two counts of fraud by lying to Abbey National about the profitability of his business to secure the £847,000 loan in March 2007. He also admitted five charges of deception after he used his position to inflate the salaries of five of his clients and help them obtain mortgages totalling £686,000.
National Front leader Marine Le Pen, 46, says it shows her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic. The leader of the staunchly anti-immigration Front spoke of representing a 'great political force' in Europe. The recognition comes at an eventful time for Le Pen who recently announced she would oppose her father Jean-Marie on his candidacy in France's regional elections in December.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself. They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, stole £200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco store in Birmingham. He was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout. Company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million. He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs. His own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief'
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first head transplant. Claims he will carry out the operation in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union. Claims the country which hosts the operation will be a 'world leader' like the US when it put a man on the Moon.
Blake Lively, 27, welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January. The actress has been promoting her new movie, Age Of Adaline, in which she stars alongside Michiel Huisman and Harrison Ford. She has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities.
Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names tattooed above her left ankle in November 2013. But the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone. She was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design, as well as an unsightly scar.
The #milifandom hashtag has prompted hundreds of tweets of affection for the Labour leader. The hashtag has been used by a group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans'The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting their affection for him on social media. One user, @twcuddleston, describes herself as 'leader of the Milifandom, a movement against the distorted media portrayal of Ed'
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow.
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue, believes the focus on mass extinctions may actually be harmful. He argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering. The rate of discovery of new species is currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction.
Scott Keyes, 28, a writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America. Keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles, which you can then use to take free flights.
John Agar tried to derail Shirley Temple's appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check. He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
In two years the Thames Bath Lido will sit near Blackfriars Bridge, London. The plan is to incorporate two pools, a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool. David Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind. Throughout the video he appears barefoot, wearing a beanie and a cut-off hoodie jacket, holding a cardboard sign that reads, 'No one has ever become poor from giving'
Fiona Steane, 50, has 3ft 5in of hair, Melanie Brown, 60, has 4ft long hair and Vanessa Thorpe, 40, has 2ft 10in. Sarah Rihal, also 50, is also 50 with 3ft 4in hair and Melanie Brown is 60 with 4ft. Twiggy says it makes her 'crazy' when people say you have to cut hair short at 50.
The video was recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year. It was released on April 20, which is widely regarded by many as the national day to get high. The three ex-cops, Rene, Robert, and David, smoked several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday. The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
Twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies. From Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford to Neil Armstrong and Poldark's Aidan Turner, Miliband has had the makeover. The Twitter account has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader, and has attracted 3,500 followers.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie will be moved from Graceland to a site nearby. Memphis City Council agreed yesterday that the planes can be moved. It means tourists to Graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Afzal, 22, 20 times at an east London cab office. He told Ms Riaz, a second year law student at City University, the attack was justified in Islam claiming: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'He reassured her: 'Don't worry little angel, it's me who's a psycho not you'
Shelley Smith, 56, will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft. She will head to Hawaii and be with Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft. Will also be with Mariota during the draft and interview him after he is selected.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
The Yeatman is Portugal's first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia. All of its 82 rooms face the Douro river, and almost all of them are themed after a Portuguese winery. The hotel is just a short walk from Taylor's wine lodges and cellars, where its Port wine ages in thousands of barrels.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday. When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over. A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge.
James Boase, 36, from Broadhempston, Devon had been drinking with a friend in Torquay. He claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a crash. But prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his black Nissan Navara after the crash. Boase has been remanded on unconditional bail until May 12 for a pre-sentence report.
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking the violence against foreigners. He is said to have told followers in a speech that foreigners were 'lice' and 'ants' and should be expelled from South Africa - a charge he denies, saying it was bad translation. A wave of anti-immigrant violence has so far claimed seven lives in trouble spots in Durban and Johannesburg, to where the government announced deployment of defence forces.
Kate Roberts noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head when he was born. At three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'This is when the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between two garages in Hanham, Bristol. The RSPCA were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap. Eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a brick wall with a chisel to get him free. Marv was reunited with his owner's daughters Tilly and Bella and was uninjured.
Television personality and author Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion, riding aboard Air Force One with the president during his visit to the Florida Everglades. Nye held court with press before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to White House reporters. The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' would make the trek today on its behalf.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with Welsh Ambulance Service. He was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone. He pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies. He asked the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Colin Hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before drinking. He was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire. Police followed his car as it crossed double white lines while he attempted to drive home. Hendry admitted drink driving on the town's Church Road on February 21.
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. He warns that half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York, in order to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry. The blog has attracted attention from the best in the business, including women-in-tech advocate Tracy Chou, a software engineer at Pinterest.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday. The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. The tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over over your own choices?'. The image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April.
14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns. She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house to relieve herself. On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother, who doused her with water.
Brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon. It was planned as a mark of town's pride for its gay community. But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's. Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek medical advice.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday.
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. All those in the study had older siblings with autism and some did not. Autism is on the rise and affects as many as one in 68 children in the United States.
All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site. The students were commuting to St. Joseph's Hospital in Savannah for their last day of clinical training of the school year.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?' When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people. His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible.
The room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month. The catch? The roof leaks and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it. In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Four Seasons set out to recreate their hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. Revealed in a minute-long video, the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience. Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people. But he noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers and overestimate the potential impact of these fleeting advertisements'
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt have a combined net worth of £260million. Brad and Ange booked out an entire floor at the five-star Hilton Malta for £130 a night.
Six men convicted of string of sexual offences against teenager girls in Banbury, Oxfordshire. The offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes. The men were found guilty in March and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail. The girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21.
Huge hole opened up on Earl Street, Northampton, at about 2pm on Thursday. Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole, which was 8ft wide and 2.4m wide. Shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot (2.4 metres) wide.
Passengers on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark, New Jersey complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians. Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at Logan Airport in Boston. One passenger said it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. The large birds were photographed by Japanese businessman Sanin Alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox.
The boy picked up the condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing. The condom was thrown in the thrash by a member of the teaching staff so could not be tested for potential diseases.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of notorious Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday. Depp plays the notorious criminal in the film, which stars Joel Edgerton, Benedict Cumberbatch, Kevin Bacon, Peter Sarsgaard and Dakota Johnson. The film is based on the 2001 book Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob.
Labour leader will pledge to'restore Britain's commitment' to the European Union. He will accuse David Cameron of 'taking Britain to the edge of European exit'Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is'very unlikely' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive. One user wrote: 'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day. A surprising number of users claimed to have been accused of 'faking' their disabilities.
The 26-year-old waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as Amanda Bailey. Ms Bailey said she published the details of John Key's behaviour as she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware'Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault. Jury at Chester Crown Court was shown a video-taped interview which the woman gave to police two days after the alleged incident. Five days later, the woman took a fatal overdose of her mother’s blood pressure tablets and died.
Ivan Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW. A new report claims Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the 'wrong man' not been sent to prison. The report includes first-hand evidence from Milat's older brother, Boris, into the killer's'secret victim'Boris Milat shares a secret about his brother he had kept for more than 52 years.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness. Wellness warrior Belle Gibson founded the Whole Pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded. Here are five ways that the Belle's of the world win us over.
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, stopped on his way to one child's home, police say. He had already used the bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl, they added. He has been booked into Emery County Jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020. This would rise to £280b in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, of Torrance, California, has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl. Police say the key to tracking down the suspect, Ikela, was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car. Ikeler has been arrested previously in Northern California and Arizona but not for crimes involving children.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain. Patel was born in India and was in the United States legally on a visa, but his visa expired at the end of March.
Asian-American rock band The. Slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term. usually considered a racial slur, cannot trademark the name because it is disparaging, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday. The Portland, Oregon-based band, which plays a kind of. grunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock, applied for. trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the. grounds the name disparaged Asians. The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington. Redskins should lose its trademarks.
Benidorm is famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky. High rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s wants the same recognition as Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China. A decision over the application could take up to six years to be made.
Tom Sturridge and Sienna Miller have been dating since 2011. The 29-year-old actor is currently starring in the West End play American Buffalo. He is set to star alongside Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Natalie Portman in new film Weightless.
Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past. The actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview. Robert isn't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning.
Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in Esperance, Western Australia in 2013. Dusty is so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs Lilly and Rosie on their farm, near Esperance in Western Australia, that the Stewart's are convinced he actually thinks he is a dog too. He rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday. She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store. Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri near Carmarthen, was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot. Wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress, her father wheeled her into church.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013. The Whole Pantry app was downloaded by more than 300,000 people. Gibson was named Social Media Star of the Year Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards in 2014.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth to silence her screams. She also poured water over the dementia patient, telling other staff: 'My son said if they do it to you, you can do it'Mrs Hadlow, who has since died, needed extensive medical care and would lash out and shout. Roberts was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity.
Rupa Huq says she felt no shame in accepting a £1,000 donation from Tony Blair. She is standing for Ed Miliband’s party in a key marginal seat in west London. Ms Huq is the sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq, who is married to Charlie Brooker. She said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were'sticking their noses up' at Mr Blair.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm, MLive reported. A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials told the news outlet. The site was not a vacant facility, the officials also said.
Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly, say experts. This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters, even if active ingredients remain stable. Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out of date sun cream. Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes.
Pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons. They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Warwickshire. But less than two hours later, the pair were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £150 from a cash machine in Coventry.
Images show the jihadis posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. The slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases, suggesting the Middle East-based militants have taken full control of Boko Haram propaganda. Boko Haram have not released any official propaganda photographs or video footage since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
AJ Francis, 24, plans to work for the $40billion taxi firm during the off-season. The 6ft 5in, 330lb NFL player is a regular user of the app and has sent an application. Francis, who played college ball at Maryland, is set to make $510,000 next season.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. When he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25million. He and his second wife Penny Ann Davison, 59, fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years. A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounted the curb and mowed down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia. Video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop a hero. Valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. But Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department. In one case a foundation run by the chairman of Uranium One, a nuclear energy company tied to Russia, gave the Clintons' family philanthropy millions while Hillary's State Department gave its stamp of approval to the company's purchase of US uranium. The Russian state atomic agency Rosatom purchased a majority stake in the Vancouver-based company in a years-long process that unfolded from 2009 to 2013 – the same years Mrs. Clinton was America's secretary of state.
Evanika Saadvakass, from Kazakhstan, became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old. The youngster was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Brendan Cordina drove 3500 kilometres in four days to find his grandfather's medals. The medals belonged to Captain Jack Slade, a flight lieutenant in World War II. Medals include an Airforce Cross, War Medal 39-45 Star, a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal and others. Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'The museum instead offered to send him replicas to which he was outraged.
18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden. She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month. Unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch. She tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. West Yorkshire Police are treating the crime as a rape and attempted murder.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. 'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement. He was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld the conviction in 2013. The appellate judges based their decision on legal issues involving witness testimony, not the underlying facts.
Rebels bikie gang president Alex Vella has been banned from Australia for life. Three Federal Court judges ruled that Vella, 61, be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the Rebels president's visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year. The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother, all of whom are Australian citizens. Vella is the longtime boss of the Rebels, which police say are involved in drug dealing, money laundering, serious assaults, kidnapping, extortion, firearms offences and intimidating court witnesses.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations. Surgeons operating on the 26-year-old discovered the growth was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth.
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks. The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate. Project Fi will work only on the company's Nexus 6 phones and only in the US.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed. It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'Bush tweeted that he and his wife have 'great respect for, and confidence in, the men and women'
The Duke University study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)It claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates. But it adds that these so-called 'climate wiggles' could also, in the future, cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated. The study says that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors.
Three men arrested on suspicion of murder of missing chef Claudia Lawrence have been released on bail. The three men, who are in their 50s are all from the York area, are all in their 60s. The trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance. Ms Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009. Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down, an air crash report has found. The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin. The pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged by police last year, figures show. Number of rapes at knifepoint were up by 31 per cent to 311 attacks and there were 53,559 other sexual offences.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. She was held at gunpoint by a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie. The robber managed to get $400 from the till, which Popeyes said was too much money to have kept in the register. Her bosses said it was against policy to have such an amount in the till and gave her an ultimatum - pay it back or lose her job. She refused to pay back the money and was fired less than two days after the incident. Popeyes have now offered her job back and have offered her $2,000 in backpay.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, in Oświęcim, Poland, has had more than 250,000 visitors so far this year. This is a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year, which itself hit a record with 1.5 million visitors. The memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal. Her mother Carole is moving into the Cambridges' Norfolk home Anmer Hall after the new baby arrives.
Ben Thurlow attacked Rebecca Hudson while she tried to treat his head injury. The 23-year-old had been drinking heavily in pubs in Driffield town centre when he was attacked. Paramedics were forced to call police, who had to escort him to Hull Royal Infirmary. But on the journey to hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over. He was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months at Beverley Magistrates Court.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story. She claims she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show. Kensington Palace has previously denied she was invited back to the Prince's suite.
Gareth Blanks, 31, was attacked after buying a chocolate bar in Truro, Cornwall. He was approached by a group of three men and one woman at around 8.30pm on April 17. Three men and a woman punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body. Mr Blanks was taunted by the group before snatching the hat from his head. His family say it will take him a long time to recover and he has been left with deep scars.
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world to produce a handy infographic. Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city, some to the industry found in the city and others to the environment. Las Vegas is known as Sin City now for it's gambling and temptation - but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes. Amsterdam in the Netherlands is known for its great number of canals, and so even if you didn't know, you could understand why it is called 'The Venice Of The North'
Sir David Walker defended the bank's decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses. Chairman said bank had to pay ‘competitively’ to attract the best talent. But shareholders vented frustration at generous pay packages handed to top traders. One investor asked: ‘What has all this talent done for us?’
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman. After shedding the weight, he landed a job in Abercrombie & Fitch and his career sky-rocketed. The pair have since fronted campaigns for Tom Ford, Armani, Prada and Dolce & Gabbana. Now, they want to use their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the'shame' around body image.
Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday. Loss is largest ever declared by a British retailer and reflects shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores. Britain’s biggest retailer made a profit of £1.4billion on sales through the tills across the world in the year to the end of February.
Wesley Burton was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury. The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot. Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene. The 36-year-old had worked at KPFA for 20 years, co-hosting the Sideshow Radio and After Hours music shows.
Sports brand features prominently on leaflet distributed in terror group's de facto capital Raqqa. It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment.
Mobile X-ray scanner, heralded as the world’s first ‘airplane scanner’, sweeps down a plane and can detect various objects inside. Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
Erik Naslund, Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they stepped in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. Three of the Swedes tended to the aggressor and held him for police, while the fourth stayed with the victim, who had been badly beaten in the fight.
Miriam Gonzalez Durantez said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years. Spanish lawyer said she would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7. But she took a swipe at the party her husband Nick Clegg has spent five years in power with. She said: 'Listen, if it was up to the right-wing of the Tory party, they would probably kick me out of the country altogether'
Bulgaria is one of 13 European hotspots where your cash will go far further this summer thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink, according to a study.
The Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District. by James Rebanks (Allen Lane £16.99) is the enlightening, exquisitely written account, give or take a few autobiographical tangents, of a year in the life of Rebanks.
Video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett. Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements. Body cam was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost. It was forensically recovered, but audio from the bodycam was not.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California, to announce their claims. Their attorney Gloria Allred, who represents most of Cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond. Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
Chelsea Clinton defended her family philanthropy on Thursday in New York, calling it 'among the most transparent of foundations'The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm. The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising. The Bike Washing Machine contains a drum in its front wheel which spins as the user pedals. When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer. A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for later use. The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable electricity.
Eloise Parry, 21, died this week after taking a lethal overdose of diet pills. She 'burned up from the inside, after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP'After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. Doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, but she died just three hours later. Her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Kate Brower became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey. She set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the American version of Upstairs, Downstairs.
Thenga Adams of Guyana in South America faces federal drug smuggling charges. He was caught trying to smuggle two pounds of cocaine worth $30,000 in pairs of sneakers at JFK airport earlier this month.
Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. David Cameron said the day was a time to 'celebrate all that was great with England'Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, East Yorkshire, had claimed the Tesco product worth £20 and taken it home. But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track her down. Accused her of trying to shield the item from CCTV as she walked off the train in Brough. Mother-of-one, 32, is now waiting to see if she will be charged, but faces a caution for theft.
Calf is being fed three times a day at dairy farm in Narnaul, northern India. He can only take in milk through two of his mouths and can only look in front of him.
Tristram Hunt, Labour's shadow education secretary, said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’Labour could sack all ‘unqualified’ teachers by end of their first term in government if they had not signed up to training. Ed Miliband refused to publicly support Anas Sarwar when he chose to send his son to private school.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct, on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year. Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect. The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'A judge ruled that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since. Kristina makes outfits for her daughter that are focused on comfort and a little bit of magic.
Ukip insists St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer. Economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions at policy launch on St George's Day. He said: 'I guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it's in short supply for the needs of the British economy, we will leave to our migration commission'Ukip has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
The body of the 50-foot whale was tagged after it washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week. Before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale. It's unclear how the whale died but it doesn't appear to have any broken bones or blunt force trauma.
Two candle-lit vigils have been held to remember the 900 migrants who died when their boat capsized en route to Europe from Libya this weekend. As people lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta, an equally emotional memorial service was taking place in front of Rome's Verano Cemetery. The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800.
Six men were captured on CCTV as they carried out the bold raid in London's diamond district. They used the drill to cut through a concrete wall into the bank's strongroom, where they ransacked security vaults. But, amazingly, the hole used by the gang was just 45cm wide and 25cm high - meaning they would have had something of a squeeze to muscle their way into the basement. Police are offering a £20k reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the criminal.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of those pictured at the 1989 disaster. Photographs show the men and women rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released. Police believe the images may be able to answer questions of the victims' families. Officers had previously been unable to identify the people in the footage despite taking thousands of statements.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, was on a diet of takeaways, pizzas and kebabs. But she also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits mixed with Dr Pepper. A child on a bus pointed at her and asked: 'Has she got a baby in her belly?'
Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief quit their jobs with the city. Tyus Byrd, who is black, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey, MailOnline reported earlier this week. Six city officials quit jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports. Cohen and Medley said they feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members. Byrd, meanwhile, told NBC News she did not know the reason the city employees quit.
Bill Gates says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'The world's richest man says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian. He says some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
Pink croc Hermes Birkin bag on sale for £140,000. Made-to-measure bag is embellished with rubies. Experts say it's an extremely good investment. Victoria Beckham reportedly owns a collection worth £1.5m.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness, her family said. Mary became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting. Rockwell wanted 'Rosie' to show strength, so he used artistic licence to make her arms, hands and shoulders bigger.
The European Parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels. Under current EU regulations, producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products on the label. Winemakers say introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs, and hit smaller vineyards.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job as IT project manager. But he was stopped at the airport with stun gun disguised as a torch, baton and knuckle duster. He pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job.
David Cameron repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on Radio 1. Host Chris Smith bet the PM he wouldn't win a majority on the Live Lounge programme. Some Twitter users branded the interview 'disgusting' and 'appalling'Cameron was asked to rule out a deal with Northern Ireland’s DUP.
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. He converted to Islam at the age of 17 and joined al-Qaida as a propagandist. He was the first American citizen to be charged with treason since the Second World War.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face a firing squad within days. Indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions. The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Ed Miliband is at the mercy of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon. Osborne claims it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if Scottish nationalists held the balance of power in the UK government.
William Paul, 22, was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car, in Lexington, Kentucky, according to police. Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck. Paul failed a field sobriety test and refused blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital. He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face.
Study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University and the University of South Australia found a direct link between anxiety ahead of taking exams and grades achieved. It said pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious. Principal at Burlington Danes Academy Michael Ribton says parents should pin their offspring's revision timetable on the fridge.
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air for 12 hours on election day. But viewers will be shown instead an advert telling people to go to the polls. The advert will feature 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping E4 on air, sitting in the channel's control room.
Counterterrorism agencies have arrested two suspected Australian terrorists in Turkey. Two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the Middle East from Turkey. It's claimed they were on their way to join with the Islamic State. It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia.
Paramedics are leaving firemen to deal with 999 calls, healthcare leaders warn. Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid - yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance. Fire Brigades Union say practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming increasingly common because ambulance service is so overstretched.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices. His partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of March. His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service. Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
A second eruption from the Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night sky. Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded.
Footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark. Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation. He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac. The plane's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact.
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week. Unidentified motorist is seen carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle. Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday. They had poured a glass to toast the occasion to celebrate her daughter's birthday. Despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it smelt of bleach.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years. An investigation team involving six agencies in the US and Britain want him put on trial in New York. But analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
British and Norwegian vets have called EU rules on organic farming'scientifically illiterate'Under EU regulations, organic farmers must use'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homoeopathic dilution' to treat ill fish. The directives are set to be brought into national law in non-EU Norway, which has caused vets to see red.
Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat. The 'Series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials. The seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for occupants.
Carole Middleton and nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo already in charge of nursery. Pippa Middleton could be godmother to Kate's second child, according to royal sources.
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana. He will now face federal charges, which lawyers believe he can win, before a murder trial in California. The 72-year-old was arrested in March the day before the finale of an HBO docu-series about him.
Hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down. A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police. The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed.
Study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent. The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis. The study, by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, used data from Lisbon in Portugal. It simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Barry Beavis, 48, from Chelmsford, Essex, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park. He launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable. But in a landmark ruling, appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'Mr Beavis said he was 'absolutely furious' and planned to appeal the decision.
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off sleeper train at Penzance station. He was wearing jeans, smart shoes and a navy jacket, as well as a red box. He is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally with 14 days to go until polling day.
Image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. Massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain. He said: 'I am not one of those politicians who says they 'get' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private'Under Labour, for years, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers. Cameron said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of the UK's job growth now benefits British citizens.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's Second Avenue last month. Nicholas was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in New York's East Village were destroyed. The family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished. Nicholas's mother, who has not previously spoken at length to the press, said she had contacted a lawyer about filing charges against the landlord.
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F), with 40 per cent humidity. Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned the practise can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. A typical 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks.
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says Belle Gibson's actions point to both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder. Lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti-social personalities, says Lamble. 'A lack of remorse definitely fits in... you do what you need to do to get what you want,' she said. Gibson asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only 'human'
Astronomers believe the light in the sky that triggered the conversion of Paul the Apostle may have actually been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago. They say descriptions of Paul's experience - in which he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day. He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February. He was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone. Put on more than three stone in her first few months of university. Was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls'
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off a $5 scratch-off lottery ticket. The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday. She plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad. Fish and chips has become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner. It is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday. The Lyrid meteor shower is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
Number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh. But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun and joined the Congregation of Jesus.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust. She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer. At Southwark Crown Court today, Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
One in five have lied to a partner about what they earn, according to survey. One in four men lied about technology purchases, while one in four women lied about clothes.
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. The reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation. In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded after an internal investigation that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found. At least 1,400 children were abused in the town over 16 years, an inquiry by the National Crime Agency (NCA) concluded. The police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence, and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper. It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band.
The Lyrid meteor shower peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. The Lyrids are so-called because they occur in the constellation Lyra and are visible around the world but best seen from Europe.
Teacher was teaching fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students.
Candlestick Park, which was completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center. The San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers were the last teams to play at Candlestick, with the Giants leaving at the end of the 1999 season, and the 49ers after 2013. Joe Montana, Jerry Rice, Steve Young, Ronnie Lott, and Terrell Owens were just a few of the other esteemed 49ers to play there.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and administering morphine. Worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway for £65,000 in 1997. They spent two years getting planning permission and two years carrying out the renovation. Now it is on the market for £695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum.
Photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world, including in Syria, Pakistan and North Korea. One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo. Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju, close to the border with China. Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown, the unarmed, black 18-year-old who was fatally shot by a white police officer in a St. Louis suburb, announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson. Attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed'soon'Brown's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'Black Lives Matter' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities.
Ilia de Mana is a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell in the bay of Angra dos Reis, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, Brazil. The island has a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the Brazilian heat. The main residence has a dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining; every building is solar powered.
Richard Symonds, 29, who goes by the online name 'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry', is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. He decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'But yesterday it emerged that the administrator who investigated the allegations was a former Lib-Dem member.
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given Tories £375,000 since 2008 – including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign, official records show. Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service'But firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
Psychiatrist Ramani Durvasula, a clinical psychologist in Santa Monica, California, revealed that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples - and assembling the store's wares makes it even worse. So many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture, that she decided to include furniture assembly into therapy sessions.
Ellie Laing, SBS news reporter, hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains. Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists. Many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above criteria.
Willa Junior says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13. He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds. He then started banging on the ceiling of the cargo hold and passengers and crew heard, prompting the flight to turn around.
Layka, a Belgian Malinois, was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt. Julian McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47. Her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest of Victoria. The 59-year-old put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos. The farmer says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a Samsung Galaxy S5 running Android 4.4 and older. A hacker can access the kernel, or core, of the Android operating system. Once inside they can monitor all data sent to and from the phone, as well as data recorded by the handset's built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner. When a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder. Hackers typically can't access this encrypted file, but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted.
The animal became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her and raised the alarm. It took the combined efforts of more than 20 people to haul the five-ton animal from the mud. Rescuers quickly administered anti-infection and anti-shock drugs to stabilise the elephant's condition.
One of the Hillsborough samaritans has come forward after an appeal was launched to identify fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. Photographs show the men and women rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy were released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans.
Aaron and Jade Badland were too drunk to remember what they had done at Premier Inn. Mr Badland, 24, a bomb disposal officer in the Engineering Regiment, was wearing his Army uniform.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a newly designed catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel. Hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the Vauxhall Zafira minivan, but producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy. With the new breakthrough, it could be possible to make it more easily.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of Class A drug hidden in a Kinder Egg to undercover police. Undercover officer recognised him because he has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead. Revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
Kate Upton, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. Lives by the rule 'if it flies or swims, it's good,' meaning bacon, steak and sausages are out of the question. Kate is seen as a role model for young women, who are often led to believe that super skinny is beautiful.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Ed Miliband’s party. Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12. More than twice as much as Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Anne Jarmain, 86, was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled Falcon before 9am on Wednesday. Her body was found at 7pm on Wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater. Her family and friend are in shock, with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home. NSW Premier Mike Baird is touring the area and says he is shocked at the devastation caused by flooding.
David Cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during a visit to Cornwall. The Prime Minister posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at Pirate FM. He told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks, including the PM of Finland.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' after botched hysterectomy in 2008. Her husband Edward, who lives with her in Netherley, Liverpool, was awarded £9,000 in compensation. He claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury after seeing his wife swell up 'like Michelin Man'The NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the article has 'deeply damaged me both personally and professionally'The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report. The article's author, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, has previously apologized.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert. Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains more than 100 products that can be concocted in your kitchen.
Two GOP presidential hopefuls - Ted Cruz and Ben Carson - want the Clinton Foundation to return every dollar it received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago. The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United States's chief diplomat. A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday. When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her. Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, but video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story. Both videos show Johnson throwing Keith to the concrete ground of the parking lot. Her head can be seen hitting the hard surface in the video taken nearby, and she passes out on impact.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, from Chester, Cheshire, were close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time. Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month and regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on Facebook. Miss Versey received lifesaving bone marrow treatment from her ten-year-old sister Maisy.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday. He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Munden was detained under Mental Health Act after sexually touching a three-year-old. He is described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls.
Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean. Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was 'at war' with migrant traffickers, describing them as 'the slave traders of the 21st century'Australia detains people on Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while asylum applications are considered.
Those studying at Goldsmiths, University of London, were invited to meeting to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum'But organiser Bahar Mustafa told white people and men 'not to come' as it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women. Union eventually backed down after a backlash from students, one of whom described the exclusive policy as 'patronising beyond belief'
President Barack Obama invited the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday - but couldn't help but get one last deflategate joke in. The president joked that he wished Chicago could learn something from Boston's championship-winning ways. Patriots head coach Bill Belichick responded by giving the president a thumbs down.
Pictures show models Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting. Photographer Olga Barantseva said: 'We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears'Stephen, the 18-year-old, 2.2metre tall bear, was rescued by his owner Yuriy Panteleenko.
Move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock. Bloomberg, followed by the New York Times, reported Thursday afternoon that Comcast is planning to 'walk away' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government.
The most expensive airport is Haneda Airport in Tokyo, also known as Tokyo International Airport, where planes are charged a whopping £4,559 ($6,850) just for the privilege of landing. Salzburg Airport in Austria charges £2,530 to land a 767-400 jet on its runways.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Hollywood star Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of dying from breast cancer by having their ovaries removed. Researchers in Canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes. Nearly half (345) underwent oophorectomy after their diagnosis.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais. Adrian's adoptive grandparents John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy. The couple said they started noticing bruises and other injuries on Adrian last fall, when his girlfriend started dating Tyrrell. Eventually, they reported Adrian's injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse from Adrian's parents. A little over a month later, Adrian was dead in the hospital from head trauma.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula. The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs, and Ms Fritz struggled to sit upright.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number isn't stored in your contacts book. It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. It is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful.
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. Dr Elena Temereva came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' Lingula anatina, an ancient brachiopod found all over the world.
Collette Dinnigan has put her four-bedroom Paddington home on the market. The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres. The international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary', said selling agent Ben Collier.
New book claims King Juan-Carlos II had a decade-long affair with a German socialite. It also claims he contemplated divorcing Felipe's mother, Queen Sofia. King Felipe and Queen Letizia put on a united front as they visited the University of Alcala de Henares.
Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close in Salisbury, Wiltshire. Property agents say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres, on the market now for £6.95million. But it's nothing compared to the £23.1million that the Tate paid in 2013 for the painting, inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area.
Boris Johnson admits he hopes to be considered to lead Conservative Party after David Cameron. London Mayor insists position will not become vacant for five years, but admits it would be 'wonderful'Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable. It says that amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online. The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities.
Woman was taking pictures of her children with her new iPhone 6 plus when the old man passed through on his moped. He accidentally bumped into the woman’s shoulder and her phone fell on the ground, and the screen cracked. The woman demanded that the man pay her back, but he promised to pay her on the spot. After being told that he does not have the money to do so, she slapped him twice in the street.
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. He was pulled out to sea by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning. Students who were with Parks, who were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year, said no hazing was involved. But Bethune-Cookman University is investigating Parks death after university administration 'heard rumors' about hazing.
Cleveland's Variety Theater was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in Cleveland, Ohio, before becoming an iconic music venue. The 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of Metallica, the Dead Kennedy's and R.E.M. before Motorhead's fatal performance on December 2 1984. The venue was closed after the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience during a 1984 gig.
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasted that trade unions 'own' the Labour party. He said: 'The Labour Party is our party. We built it, to serve us, the people. Never forget, the rich and powerful have their party, the Tories'Claims come 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged he would be writing Labour's budget.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative. Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options. Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code. This code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car up until the delivery is made. As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sit-down interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition. The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home. Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it'The video then includes a previously aired snippet of him talking about his family.
SNP leader said Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance. Made remarks in latest of five special programmes profiling main party leaders with their families at home.
There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War. Only three have been investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. Charlotte S, now 94, was a guard at the notorious women's concentration camp of Ravensbrueck, in northern Germany. Gisela S, a 'hard-faced' woman who worked in the women's camp of Bergen-Belsen was discharged from the service in 1943 when she fell pregnant.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women. This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men. Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, on their Australian website for $59.95. Other examples show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females.
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his white Audi A5 outside the dealership in Chelmsford, Essex. He claims Audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car. Mr Beefnah claims a fault with the Audi 2011 TFSI (turbo fuel stratified injection) petrol engine is widespread. Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all main parties to see how their policies would increase borrowing. Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts. Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year, the think-tank said.
Stefania La Greca, 36, is running for local elections in Campania, southern Italy. She is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party which wants independence for the region. The pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of the elections in May. On her Facebook page she defended her pictures, claiming she had not chosen to be beautiful. She said the snaps were not an attempt to boost her election campaign - she had simply been born beautiful.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called Islamic State. Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes. In his latest video the former Morrisons security guard, who used to live at home with his mother, accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, of Havant, Hampshire, was arrested at the Hard Rock Hotel. He is accused of urinating in an ice machine at the Universal theme park resort in the early hours of Tuesday. A guest told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises. When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent and began shouting.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car in their garage in Saratoga Springs, Utah. While she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. Mrs Mayhew, was at work at the time of the accident, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Foreskin facials, also known as HydraFacials, are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York. Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin. The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel, an extraction, a mask packed with hydrating hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables. Originally a Japanese invention, it allows people to create low-calorie, low-carb ‘pasta’, ‘noodles’ and ‘rice’ in less time than it takes to peel a potato.
Louise Van Ryn fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed. Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. He pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls, aged eight to 16, over the previous decade and is due to be sentenced at a later date. His wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order. It allows him to spend up to $500 a week on living expenses and $25,000 on legal bills.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is the Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear. In a new article published on her website, the 29-year-old reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier - though she admits this is only something she has recently started coming to terms with.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business, launching a website called 'In Bed With'The prolific Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram, liking her beautiful photos of her travels, the places she stays and the food she eats.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
American John Moore's images of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease. The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night. Mr Moore received a $25,000 prize and hi-tech Sony photography equipment.
James Creag, 11, suffers from Erythropoietic Protoporphyria, which means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight. He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste which blocks out the light. But when strangers shouted out abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his unusual appearance, he refused to wear it any more.
Celebrity chef Pete Evans is under attack again with experts warning his'reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies. Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way, for New Mums, Babies and Toddlers. The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies. Evans's co-authors, Charlotte Carr and naturopath Helen Padrin, told Channel 7 last week the dangerous formula had been reworked and renamed 'Happy Tummy Brew'
France recently passed a law that bars models from the catwalk if their body mass index is too low. Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has revealed in an op-ed for the New York Observer that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations.
Tories have opened up a four-point lead over Labour with 36 per cent of the vote compared to 32 per cent. Labour, the Liberal Democrats and Ukip have all slipped, with Ukip on ten per cent and the Greens on five. One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago. Remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there. It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty. The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines. Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal. Incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, Texas. Sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven had traces of cocaine in the toilets. Another, in Hengrove Leisure Park, Bristol, was found to have traces of crack cocaine. News comes as figures reveal a spike in drug abuse among the elderly, with 634 treated for addiction last year.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day. Janet is a self-confessed bargain hunter who hates it when she discovers her vouchers are out of date.
Adele Adkins, 26, has amassed twice the wealth of her nearest competitors, the four remaining members of One Direction and their former compatriot Zayn Malik, 22. Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million and moving him from 23rd to seventh on the list.
Former CIA director David Petraeus was sentenced to two years probation on Thursday. He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested. He pleaded guilty two months ago to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material. He told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him 'for the pain my actions caused'Petraeus has 14 days to file an appeal if he wants to dispute the sentencing.
Clarence David Moore, 66, turned himself in to authorities on Monday, April 20, 2015 after four decades of being on the run. Moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed and broke down in tears.
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs. They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. The group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their'sins', before pummeling them to death.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the New Jersey governor. Fallon told Christie that he 'looked great' and compared him to The Hulk. Later in the program he brought out a pint of ice cream for the two to share, but Christie took it for himself.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures. Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations.
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth, Birmingham. It has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands.
Sevdet Besim, 18, from Melbourne, Australia, was arrested last weekend. He is alleged to have planned a 'Lee Rigby-style' attack during Anzac Day ceremony. The 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire, is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK. He has been remanded in custody after appearing in court today.
Bettie Jo, from Houston, Texas, lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce. At 47 stone (660lb) she was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs. Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals and kept Bettie Jo fed with unhealthy foods. Shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the report from the Center for Immigration Studies said. That number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million. President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand immigration policies, which could exempt about 5million undocumented immigrants from deportation.
Curtis Stone lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months. The celebrity chef is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life. Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, 38-year-old Kacee Tollefsbol. Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday.
Sales of prosecco have overtaken champagne for the first time, according to industry figures. Prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne in the UK. Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for first time - £181.8 million compared to £141.3 million.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford where he worked in the A&E department between 2011 and 2013. The 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children, outraging public decency and voyeurism. He was taken into custody at Oxford Crown Court and is due to be sentenced next week. It has since emerged that an earlier complaint about the nurse was made to bosses at Oxford University Hospitals Trust.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. The technique is based on the concept of DNA methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns various genes on and off.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, allegedly had armoury of weapons, including Kalashnikovs. He was arrested on Sunday after allegedly murdering Aurelie Chatelain, 33, in Paris suburb of Villejuif. Mr Valls said: 'Numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account the attack which happily did not take place'He added: 'The threat has never been as high. We have never had to face this kind of terrorism in our history'
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, has erupted for the first time in more than five decades on Wednesday, sending a thick plume of ash and smoke several kilometres into the sky. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption, while several smaller townships were also cleared. The volcano is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes, but was not under any special observation before it erupted.
The plus-size industry has spoken out about Jamelia's comments on Loose Women. The panellist said obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size, and that high street stores should not be catering for them. Now she insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month. The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm. He has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein. The house has been demolished because there was asbestos found in the property.
The charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue. The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna Lou at her nursing home. Despite being told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself. He had always insisted he and his wife had kissed on the night in question but they had not had sex. The couple were married seven years after meeting at a church choir and had both been widowed.
DJ Pete Tong will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'Will reinterpret 'club classics' such as Stardust and Rhythm Is Rhythm's Strings Of Life. Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move.
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. Earthquakes were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge. She said she is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. But she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'Victims and politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system.
Greece warned it will go bankrupt next week after failing to stump up enough cash to pay millions of public sector workers and its international debts. Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is expected to appeal to German Chancellor Angela Merkel for more aid to avoid going bust and a potential exit from the euro.
Jake Malone, 60, met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. She contacted Mr Malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit. But after turning up at her company's address, he discovered it had been closed for years. The pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months and Mr Malone claims he has spent more than 11,000 Yuan (£1,100), paying for translators to communicate.
Stephanie Scott's mother Anika Stanford is helping police with the murder case against her son, Vincent Stanford. Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park, where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains on April 10, five days after she went missing. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4. The family have lived in Leeton for just 14 months, and previously lived in the Netherlands.
Production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in Oregon. It will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services. The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said. Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl. Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes. Nearly 100 submissions have been created, with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower.
Darren Jones was due to take part in a live TV debate on Made in Bristol. The 28-year-old was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs. The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in southern Russia. He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top. But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in a bathroom in her home in March. She told police that he had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep.
Deborah Kane, from Tyldesley, Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago. It was removed in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. The 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection. Debbie is now cancer free but has to stay out of the sun, and wears a patch over her eye.
James May and Richard Hammond held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman. Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel. There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster. May ruled out returning to Top Gear without Clarkson, insisting it would be 'lame'
The auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-­Corsage brooch, which was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain to his wife, Maria Christina of Austria in 1879.
Koby Hodder suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground. He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs'Teachers at Koby’s school in Doncaster, were able to give Koby CPR until paramedics arrived and saved his life.
Two ambulances were sent to Epping Forest, Essex, after a call saying'someone' had been run down. But the caller revealed the 'victim' was actually a squirrel that had been hit by a car. Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' in Basildon, Essex. In Hitchin, Hertfordshire, a man told 999 staff: 'I have been dieting and feel lethargic'
Lyvette Crespo, 43, allegedly shot her husband, Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel, in September during a heated argument about his infidelity. She's now been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted. The Crespos were high school sweethearts and married as teenagers in 1986. Lyvette claims her husband had become increasingly abusive in the months leading to his death. She says she shot him after he punched their 19-year-old son, who'd tried intervening in the couple's argument.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft. Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. He is claimed to have asked her: ‘Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?’Dr Jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on acid attack victim Katie Piper.
Ten doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position. The doctors accused Oz of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine'Oz has used his syndicated TV show to hit back and claim that the criticism he's received is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009. Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre. California was the most valuable state overall at $3.9trillion while Vermont was worth only $44billion.
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and did not bathe for six days.
The first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her. Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination. He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote. A copy of a Cruz for President invitation later began flying around Twitter that showed the GOP presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner Tom Hicks.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese. George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer. He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines.
Mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over the Surrey village of Milford. One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please'Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life'Do you know who wrote the mysterious signs in Milford?
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe. From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their Texas home in 2001. Russell 'Rusty' Yates, who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son, slammed her murder trial. He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and she was a good mother. Yates was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. She was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs being able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland with MPs north of the border having no say. Mr Cameron said in the interests of fairness English MPs must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in Scotland.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday. The film stars Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Nick Nolte and Steve Buscemi and is a spoof of The Magnificent Seven that stars and was written by Sandler. Navajo Nation tribal member Loren Anthony said the film was offensive towards Native American women. Anthony said that though the film is about the Apache, extras were dressed more like Comanche (traditional dress on right), with braids and chokers.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in Fairfield, California, on Monday morning. His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident, with Suzanne being thrown to the ground handcuffed. Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something. While inside, someone stole the car, and he and his wife immediately called officers. When they arrived on the scene they said Suzanne refused to let them in, and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting. This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan in 1981. He currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia.
New book claims Juan Carlos was romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein for a decade. The aristocrat, 50, is 27 years younger than the 77-year-old former king, according to the book. It is said to have ended in 2014 when Juan Carlos abdicated in favour of his son, Felipe. He married former Queen Sofia in 1962 and became king in 1975.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade. While there were many genuine dramatic photos to emerge from the devastating storm, such as torn up roads and floating houses, not all of them were quite what they seemed. A family-sized trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in NSW was actually a victim of Hurricane Sandy in Milford, Connecticut, USA. The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop and a Bondi house with sand pouring through its doors.
First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17, 2015. The 29-year-old is accused of leaking confidential information about Ben Cousins' arrest to his girlfriend, Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz. The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth. Acting Police Commissioner Steve Brown said the policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames West. He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011'But William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham. Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road and police and the ambulance service were rushing to the scene.
David Billing, 48, had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer. He had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital, Derbyshire. Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of the tongue to get to the tumour. They then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm - which still has hairs on it. He is now preparing to run the London Marathon to raise money for Cancer Research.
Poet Rupert Brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in April 1915. The letters show Brooke's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously.
Mark West, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012. He pleaded guilty to the improper relationship while working at Spring High School in Spring, Texas. He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny'The girl admitted as such to police also, telling them she encouraged West to have sex.
Former SS Sgt. Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday during the third day of his trial that he did not expect Jews at Auschwitz to make it out alive. He added that it was 'unimaginable’ to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive. The former SS officer known as the Bookkeeper of Auschwitz has said he believed Jews were the 'enemy'
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University. The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea. Davis, who once bragged of cutting Shea's head off, claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
German banking giant Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates, US and British authorities said on Thursday. Case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. From child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light to golden Hollywood stars that have greyed with time.
Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years, at Southwark Crown Court. But he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court. The 69-year-old was told he will be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial. His lawyer said the criminal proceedings against his client had left him 'financially ruined'
Gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple. They began their plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February. While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels, ladders, and power drills. The gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the Hua Pagoda when they were caught. Five men were arrested following a tip-off, but three are still on the run.
Ruben Blundell's brother Theo was four days overdue when his mother went into labour in the middle of the night. Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home. Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
Brittney Griner, 24, and fiancee Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released. Several people at the couple's home tried to stop Griner and Johnson from fighting after an argument turned physical, according to a police report. Griner told police officers that she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot.
Joan Cheever, an attorney and trained chef, founded The Chow Train non-profit food truck in 2005. Cheever's mobile kitchen is commercially licensed, but her personal vehicle is not. On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck. After writing out the ticket, Cheever said the officers gave her the green light to continue distributing meals.
Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire, is one of 110 schools with teaching school status. Two pupils have been suspended after girl's water bottle was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid. She was left needing urgent medical treatment after drinking the potentially lethal liquid. Headteacher Julie Turvey said they are taking the matter'very seriously'
Michelle Carter, 18, charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Conrad Roy III last July. Her lawyers say it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in Bristol County because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin. Carter's parents have insisted their daughter is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by Roy's suicidal talk.
Aldi store in Avlaston, Derbyshire, officially opened its doors at 8am this morning. Company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors. More than 200 people were found queuing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18. The first hearing would focus on Clinton's use of private emails, and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans, including the US ambassador to Libya. Clinton has twice testified before Congress on the Benghazi matter, telling lawmakers in 2013 that she takes responsibility for missteps.
Florida postal carrier Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight committee, told reporters just days after the incident that exposed a gap in the government's efforts to ensure the security of the White House, Capitol and other critical buildings in Washington. Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down Hughes.
Jules Bianchi, 25, remains in a coma after a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014. The Marussia driver sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle. His father Philippe Bianchi has spoken about his son's condition. The 25-year-old is now in Nice, under the watch of neurosurgeons.
Kate Temple was jailed for 20 months after admitting inflicting grievous bodily harm. The 33-year-old and her sister Louise Scollen had got into a scuffle with Shelley Williams. Victim Shelley Williams accused Temple of having an affair with her partner. Temple left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear.
Andrea Pirlo had been out for seven weeks with a calf injury before he was called upon to start this quarter-final tie. Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal scored from the penalty spot in the 57th minute after Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty to Alvaro Morata. Vidal sent Danijel Subasic the wrong way and put the ball into the top corner.
Bristol City are eight points clear at the top of League One. Steve Cotterill's side are on the brink of a return to the Championship after two seasons in League Two. The Robins have been staying in a Preston hotel ahead of the trip across the Pennines.
Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20 of Leesburg, Abbie Deloach, 21, of Savannah, Catherine Pittman, 21 of Alpharetta and Caitlyn Baggett, of Millen, were also killed. Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries. The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck.
Jay Dasilva is a promising young player on the Blues' books, along with two of his brothers Cole and Rio. The club have been buoyed by Jose Mourinho's insistence on promoting young players. John Terry is the last player to come through the ranks and become a first-team regular.
Emmanuel Adebayor's last start in the Premier League was against Aston Villa in November. He has spent a large chunk of the campaign on the substitutes' bench for Mauricio Pochettino's side. The Togo striker has been linked with a move to Real Madrid or Chelsea.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts, on Wednesday. Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing Odin Lloyd, 27, in 2013. Hernandez will be Souza's most famous inmate yet, according to a former federal inmate who now advises offenders heading to prison.
Robert Downey Jnr, 50, left mid-way through interview with Krishnan Guru-Murthy. He was promoting new film Avengers: Age of Ultron, which premiered in Britain on Tuesday. But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when he was asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday. The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'The civil lawsuit names the city of Ferguson, former Police Chief Thomas Jackson and former police officer Darren Wilson as defendants.
Middlesbrough beat Rotherham United 2-0 in the Championship on Saturday. Lee Tomlin and Patrick Bamford scored second-half goals for Aitor Karanka's side.
Nigerian Muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees across the Mediterranean became angry when one Christian began praying for his life. One of the Muslims ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah'When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned. The tragic news comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in Africa have been rescued by Italian ships.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful. He is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues. He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley.
Roberto Carlos has picked his dream team for the Champions League final. Carlos won the competition three times in five seasons with Real Madrid, lifting the trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002. Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they've made his team.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons. Fulham owner Shahid Khan plans to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland. Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Lee Cattermole to be 10 yards from the winger. Gary Cahill has won back his place in Chelsea's defence with Kurt Zouma deputising for John Terry. Arsenal have kept six clean sheets in 12 Premier League games since David Ospina took charge.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe. League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning. Awford said his goodbyes to the Portsmouth players after he was informed of the news.
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at London's Grosvenor Hotel. The Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season. The 24-year-old joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal in February.
Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 in La Liga on Saturday at the Nou Camp. Lionel Messi opened the scoring in the first minute with a scruffy finish. Luis Suarez doubled Barcelona's lead with a first time finish past Diego Alves. Luis Enrique's side move five points clear of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. He was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough. Bader’s life story has been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky in 1956 starring Kenneth More.
Radamel Falcao struggled to impose himself on the game at Stamford Bridge. The Colombian forward was schooled by the presence of Chelsea captain John Terry. He has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams, with his meagre return coming against Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League. Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him at a casino. She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts. But after going back to his flat with him one night she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside. They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. Judge William Kennedy described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked'
Brent Council said it was no longer able to pay for a live-in carer to look after Second World War veteran Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London. Pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home. In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000, despite setting an initial target of £5,000.
Juan Cuadrado, Wilfried Bony, Mauro Zarate and Callum McManaman have failed to make an impression.
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year in China. 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register. ‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how once researchers around the world began to uncover the gory details.
Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Leiva met Brazil legend Pele last month. The 22-year-old described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele. Coutinho is on the six-man shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year.
Newcastle United have lost seven straight Premier League games under interim manager John Carver. Mike Ashley is not a football man, certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters at St James' Park. The Newcastle owner has taken a neanderthal approach to negative criticism, frequently banning journalists from St James’ because they have gone into bat on behalf of the team's disaffected supporters.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Real Madrid must be careful with a talent like Raphael Varane. Jan Oblak is proving patience is a virtue for Diego Simeone.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, South Carolina. Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born. The three friends had an emotional first meeting on the retired war ship during a recent visit to Charleston.
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings. An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916, when after huge losses on both sides, the Allies successfully fooled the Turkish forces. Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves, including poignant images of soldiers from their preparation for the first landings right up until the evacuation.
Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since he replaced Stuart Pearce in February.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday. John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display against the Gunners. Jose Mourinho was full of praise for the 34-year-old after his performance.
John Terry has been a huge part of Chelsea's defence this season. Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice. Manuel Pellegrini's fate will be one of the toughest choices Man City's owners have faced.
Cesc Fabregas returned to the Emirates Stadium for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011. The Spaniard was booed as he operated in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic in the first half.
Luka Modric picked up a sprained ligament in his right knee against Malaga on Saturday. The Croatian could miss the rest of the season with a recovery time of between five and six weeks. The news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale's calf injury. Bale faces a race to be fit for Real's Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid.
Satellite images reveal China has built an airstrip on disputed territory in the South China Sea. The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the Spratly Islands in the region. China's building activity has infuriated neighbouring countries and the United States. President Barack Obama accused China of using its military might to reclaim territory.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
Satellite images show Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands - an area which many other nations claim. U.S. President Barack Obama claimed Beijing was 'using its size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts. But furious Chinese leadership has argued it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
Linda Thompson tweeted a message of support for the Olympian ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night. It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has banned selfies with St Bernards. The town has imposed the ban after a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'According to the Swiss Animal Protection Agency, the dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company that treats them very badly.
Living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia. Exposure to small, sooty particles, mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions, alters the structure of the brain.
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy. The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. Despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was attacked in September last year, as he left his local shop. He broke out into the dance made famous by South Korean artist Psy, but it enraged the other boy, 16, who thought his South East Asian ethnicity was being mocked. Jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the concrete floor below. He was found lifeless in bed at 9am the following morning when Kim tried to raise him for breakfast. His killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter at Manchester Crown Court in March. Kim Brennan, 43, from Gorton, Manchester, has slammed the sentence, saying: 'There is no justice at all'
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members at Columbia University have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university. But they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011. Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy'She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness.
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City. Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of Albany.
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism occurred. The person managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
Pledge is contained in a 'home-school agreement' which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September. The infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles. The school's chair of governors has apologised for any offence or distress caused to parents or pupils.
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
Frederick George Biddulph served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he found the medal. He posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton. Mr Manzie says it made his year to be able to return the medal to a living relative ahead of ANZAC Day Centenary this weekend.
RTS,S is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials. Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa. There is no licensed vaccine against malaria anywhere in the world.
Damon Clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping. He is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack. The two men who have been arrested for attacking him - Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old Malik Morton - accused Clay of stealing a PlayStation 3.
Anthony Trollope introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France. The first boxes were erected in Jersey as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain. They were initially painted green, to blend in with the landscape, but that was later changed to red.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl. The five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years, which Mrs Douglas says will cost nearly $10,000. The dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court.
Business leaders have voiced their fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign'They believe it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering'Cameron's role in delivering economic growth has become the 'background noise' of the campaign.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish. The first born Tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980. On Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, which has been working to free Hanline since 1999, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand. New Zealand Police Commissioner Mike Bush confirmed Taylor was 'known to New Zealand authorities' and that this was not his first attempt at publicly 'airing his views'Police in New Zealand have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack.
Sarah Grimes sued the coach's daughter Kristen Saban in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010. Grimes said she suffered lasting injuries, including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery. Saban claimed it was Grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself. Grimes told Saban she 'needed to get therapy' because she was a 'psycho'
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer. On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight. As she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor.'
The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia. Punters simply bet a stake to win an amount of money, if they fail to win with the first bet they increase their stake to recover their losses plus win the initial targeted win amount on the second bet. Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields.
On April 16, Molly Parks, 24, was found dead in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire with a needle still in her arm. Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin. He pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties. Said she would help make Ed Miliband Prime Minister even if Labour finish 40 seats behind Tories at general election. Miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the SNP, raising prospect of minority government. SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become PM even if he falls short.
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel. The 24-year-old is part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package she is on. The hairdresser is a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 Instagram followers. Rhiannon says she has been 'chilling out' by the pool, getting manicure and pedicures, shopping and eating out.
' to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' Josh Earnest said today after he was asked about a Duke study that claimed the earth isn't heating up as quickly as expected. Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight. Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in short-sightedness.
Mick Schumacher will make his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend. The 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career. He is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series. He will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on Sunday.
Sarina Aziz became agitated after being asked to sit on her parents' lap. Ariella and Mark Aziz struggled to keep her still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two. Mr Aziz claims another steward, who had not seen the original incident unfold, marched over to him'very aggressively'
Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in Japan. Mahonia is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for medicinal, food, and ceremonial needs for years. Neal's Yard Remedies created a tincture packed with the stuff, as well as a purifying blend of the skin-loving botanicals calendula, schisandra and gotu kola.
Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey. Department of Defence and Department of Health were also in top ten. More than 50 per cent of participants said they wanted to work for Virgin.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, was left with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant'Bacteria attacked her breast tissue causing it to die leaving her with one shrivelled, deformed and one enlarged by surgery.
An Ohio woman and her Catholic husband made the decision to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks. They learned that their unborn daughter had 69 chromosomes instead of the normal 46, an abnormality that also resulted in Dandy Walker Syndrome. The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, were found guilty of GBH and GBH. Both men were cleared by a jury of grievous bodily harm but admitted causing actual bodily harm. Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the Army was keen to keep them.
Richard Wilkins' grandfather George William Thomson served in Gallipoli as part of the New Zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies. Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage on the eve of the centenary commemorations, to discover more of his grandfather. He tells how having read excerpts from his grandfather's war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran. 'I've got a 29-year-old son and another who turns 20 on ANZAC DAY, perish the thought, it's deeply, deeply overwhelming,' said Wilkins.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store. A man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun. Bishop tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action. Bishop said it was 'just a reaction', an instinct to protect the store.
Posters promoting a'straight pride' week at a northeast Ohio university were removed this week after student leaders said that they went 'way further than a free speech issue'The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. They encouraged students to 'go about your day without telling everyone about how 'different' you are', according to WKBN. University officials are investigating the posters, which were hung anonymously, and disciplinary action may follow.
Heida Reed, 27, said Turner is being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female. She said: 'I think there should be the same standard for both sexes when it comes to things like this'
Vladmir Lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse looks better than the day he passed. This is the claim made by his embalmers, who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary's body. The gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the 'Mausoleum group' which, at its peak, involved 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to the former leader's corpse.
UKIP leader says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly. Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on 'no evidence whatsoever'
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created the posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars. Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts ruled out his resignation on Friday. He said the investigation is being refined and the picture is getting'sharper and sharper'Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
The number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Kim Kardashian told E! on Friday afternoon during a Variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather Bruce Jenner talk to Diane Sawyer later that evening. 'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty told Extra.
The fort was found on top of Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire. Archaeologists believe it may have been built by the Picts as a look out post. It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position, although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead. She was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood after being hit from behind by the rider. Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83, and then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them. But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost, Bristol Crown Court was told.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio said on its website on Thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery. The company is recalling all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets, and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe'In an online statement, Jeni's said it is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety. The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, according to US government sources. The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial for more than 13 years. He has twice been cleared for release, by the Bush administration in 2007 and by Barack Obama in 2009. Mr Aamer, who lived in London with his wife and children, is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, worked at the exclusive Tower Hill school in Delaware. Police found more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in October 2013. Wheeler opted for a non-jury trial in September which only last one day.
Hilarious new video has mocked teenagers taking part in the #kyliejennerchallenge - using a tube of Pringles. The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's often voluptuous looking pout. Footage posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa, from Brighton, on Facebook that has been watched more than three million times.
Sonia Sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in Woodberry, in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales - one of the worst affected areas by the storm - rapidly flooded. Her brother-in-law Steve Spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods.
Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward in the north-east of the Japanese capital, showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. Authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
19 Kids and Counting stars Jessa Duggar, 22, and Ben Seewald, 19, are expecting their first child on November 1. The couple announced the news of their pregnancy in a video for TLC.com, which featured them both making health smoothies. Jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years. She claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren Jeffs'Lyle Jeffs stepped up to head the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints when his brother, Warren, was sentenced to prison in 2007. Mrs Jeffs says she was forced to leave the compound last year for being 'unrighteous'She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of school for poor attendance and poor academic performance. 'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath said tearfully of her school kicking her out. Rose was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork. The school says that Rose only attended school 32 days out of this entire school year.
Martin Beck is a Dubai-based artist of Scottish and South African heritage. He has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called We Can Be Heroes.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker. Bedford Borough Council found he had spent a weekend walking in Wales days before making a blue badge application. Gregory pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities. He was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and pay £60 victim surcharge.
Bruce Jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. He says he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer. He stopped hormone injections and even underwent breast reduction surgery before the couple married in 1991.
Ann Summers has unveiled its very first foray into bridal wear. Emma Louise Connolly models the collection, priced between £14 and £85. It includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and silk and lace sets. Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Birmingham Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S. to attract more tourists. But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the famous playwright is. The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further than Terminal 5 at Heathrow.
Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers. They bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies. On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs. Families of the boys, including 19-year-old Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman, claim they came to the country for peace.
A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery. He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date. The man allegedly held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun. He wore a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat.
Sofia Abramovich is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich. The 18-year-old is the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich's five offspring with second wife Irina. Sofia is Roman's daughter from his second marriage to Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina. The couple had five children together before they divorced in 2007.
Anzac Day falls on a Saturday this year, meaning all states but WA will miss out on holiday on Monday. The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation. If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday. Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick this Monday.
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday, endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties. A group of highly trained firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task.
North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads - double as many as previously thought, Chinese nuclear experts have warned. The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year, it has been suggested. North Korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in February 2013.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday. Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. Several other firemen then enter the scene and Murphy moves with them upstairs. Wearing smoke masks, they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways.
Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, leaving thousands of pounds worth of damage. They dumped TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet.
Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips, 46, and police constables Christopher Evans, 37, and Michael Stokes, 34 are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'They are accused of taking bundles of cash worth £30,000 from the home of a suspected criminal.
Woman, 20, was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver, Colorado. Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. She told 911 operators: 'I don't know if they hit me or if they threw something out the window... my neck hurts. I think there's glass in my neck'Surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck.
Katie Hopkins used language similar to that employed by Rwandan media outlets in the run up to the 1994 genocide, and by Nazis in the 1930s. Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said it was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of EU countries'
Usain Bolt has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a 'lot more vegetables'The Jamaican sprinter said he needs to be 'perfect in training' and 'eating right is a part of training'Bolt has always been notorious for his unhealthy diet and love of fast food.
Rowdown Primary School in New Addington, south London, has banned all drinks except water. Headteacher Linda Shute says it is to protect the long-term health of pupils at the school. But some parents claim many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago. She worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until fighting forced it to close. She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city. Her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, are currently living in fear in their basement.
Camilla Lawrence, a Women’s Health Physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method.
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent, and failing, initially, to pay her compensation. She believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals. Miss Jolie, 39, has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats. But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council. Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. A magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels. Now, geophysicists have discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over.
Risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. Cigar use is on the rise in the US, where the study was carried out, while cigarette smoking declines.
Former Young Divas singer Kate DeAraugo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. The 29-year-old spoke out on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show on Friday about her battle with mental health, and the surgery she had to help her lose a staggering 68kg. At her heaviest, the singer weighed 127.5 kgs.
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in a US drone strike in January. It has now been claimed his family gave money to his Al Qaeda captors two years before his death. The 73-year-old and a fellow hostage were used as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative. His wife Elaine has slammed the US government's response to his abduction. She said: 'We were so hopeful that those in the U.S. and Pakistani governments with the power to take action and secure his release would have done everything possible to do so'
Brazilian supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio fronted campaign for online retailer Dafiti. The 34-year-old Victoria's Secret Angel is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models. The mother-of-two stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California. It measures a whopping 45ft in length and sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides. The seesaw is made from entirely raw materials - a large trunk sits in between the natural split of a tree.
Reality TV star used to pick holidays close to home, in the sun, on a beach and with her family - if her recent vacations are anything to go by - times have changed. Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband.
Brain scans on professional comedians revealed differences in the way the brains of these'super speakers' work while talking. Super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech. This suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next.
David Marshall, 68, stabbed Eni Mevish, 20, in heart, lungs and liver six months after they met. He was 'jealous' of her friendships with fellow students and sought to distance her from them. Marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he killed her. He must serve a minimum term of 20 years and six months for her killing.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity. Parker thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire. Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on Parker's upper lip.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. Each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes, Dom Perignon Champagne for non-Muslim guests, and 24-hour private butler service.
Navinder Sarao lived in his parents' semi-detached home in Hounslow, west London. It is closer to an internet server used by major financial exchanges, giving him a nanosecond advantage. Thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London. Sarao allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on the day of the 'Flash Crash', the biggest one-day collapse in Wall Street history. He is accused of using computer programs to create'spoof' transactions on Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show. Hammond took to Twitter to announce he would not be returning to the hugely-popular series. Announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling' BBC executives. Mr Wilman, who is a childhood friend of Clarkson, sensationally quit the Corporation yesterday.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Yordano Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were ejected along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija. Several punches were thrown and several players from both dugouts and bullpens ran onto the field. Royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field.
New study by Consumer Reports in the US has found traces of harmful bacteria in prawns. They tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp - 284 raw and 58 cooked samples - from chain supermarkets and natural food stores in 27 cities across the US. The majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east Asia.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents’ fees being paid to Child’s Play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position. She had been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner who knew her and trusted her. Much of the money was taken from a cash box on the wall that parents left their fees in. Nursery owner Lynda Quigley received £22,643 via bank transfer on April 22. Crossland was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device. Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification. Highlights is being rolled out first in English for people using Android-powered devices, which can be activated in user settings.
State broadcaster RTVE axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona. The town's mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother. Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event, known as the encierro.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure. As an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness, and three lost consciousness, the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive. Despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54 and Gary Cooper, 45, and Neil Munro, also from Stockport, were arrested. They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport. Despite being told they would not be detained, they were taken to a police station and put in prison. Couples were finally told they could return home after charges of espionage were dropped.
Imran Uddin, 25, used a keyboard spying device to hack into university computers. He then changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments. On one paper, he upped his mark from 57 per cent, a lower second grade, to 73 per cent. He was jailed for four months at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Brian Bayers was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. After going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. Technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, on Wednesday. The family home had lost power so on Wednesday the children's mother Natalie Crane-Hayes decided to take Kai, Sophie and Aussie for a walk in a nearby park. The park was full of large puddles and they didn't know it at the time, but the wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of them meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current. Five-month-old Aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was killed instantly. 'Aussie's our hero, he saved their lives,' their grandmother Deanna Addicoat said.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha, Wisconsin, in May 2014. The judge denied a request Friday to have her bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. He said she was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Sirloin, topside and fillet are best saved for the roasting pan, chuck flank, rib-eye and skirt on the grill and when stewing go for brisket, shoulder and ribs. When looking for a good cut of meat to grill or use for steak and fajitas, you want cuts that have a good marbling of fat.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. The highway has been named the best in the world for its location, cutting through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley. Avis found the A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District to be Britain's best road.
Revellers in remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above the fire. Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns. The annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames.
Veronica Bolina, 25, had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour. Pictures show her lying partially naked on the floor in front of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo, Brazil. An investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt. Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons,' referring to cheap amusement park thrills.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, who was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court, showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano. The victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol. Calo collapsed and began 'frothing at the mouth' that night after consuming the high-quality cocaine the $700-a-night suite at Manhattan's ritzy Kitano hotel on Park Avenue.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, during a botched gun-sale operation in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Bates when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office. District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation after new information surfaced.
Owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. A family who was visiting the shoreline with a photography group came over to help. And a huge group of friends from Salt Lake City jumped in as well. As more people came, they began bringing items to try and help get Shelby out.
Gary Goldsmith's chihuahua Cheech was run over by a'speeding' cyclist in Regents Park. The Duchess of Cambridge's uncle posted a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter. His accompanying message included the words: 'Evil s***… Coming to get ya'Mr Goldsmith, 49, was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent’s Park at 8.30am yesterday.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over domestic violence and assault. The 22-year-old fled his home after breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend. He was eventually arrested in a cafe after posing outside five police stations over two weeks. He has now been jailed for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months.
Jean Pockett is one of 10 war widows brought to Gallipoli by the Department of Veteran's Affairs for Anzac Day this Saturday. She is the widow of Private Arthur Herbert Pocket, who fought with Australian forces on the Western Front during the First World War. Ruth Littler - widow of Lieutenant Burnett Littlers - arrived in Turkey on Thursday, April 22. Veronica Alldritt will join more than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders at the ANZAC Commemorative site.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014. He also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge, giving the same reason.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants. The 24-year-old Californian traveled from San Diego to Istanbul and was in Syria and Turkey until his return to the United States in March. He was arrested Wednesday in Rancho Bernardo, located in. the northern part of San Diego.
Gallipoli is a beautiful Turkish isthmus facing the Aegean to the west, the Dardanelles Straits and the Sea of Marmara to the east. Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the Great War.
The Statue of Liberty was evacuated Friday afternoon in the wake of a bomb threat, which was ultimately found to be a hoax. Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark. Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious. The NYPD bomb squad was scrambled, but a full search of the island finally failed to find anything explosive.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's equally as fat as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt.
Exeter has been dubbed 'too posh for Monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill space of Old Kent Road. Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots. But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money. Exeter City Council Leader Pete Edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown spots.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning, according to Dallas ISD Police Chief Craig Miller. Miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months. If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department, Miller said.
Ancestry.com documents show two of Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. The records are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia. Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI. Geoffrey Rush's great uncle, James Thomas Rush, served in the 15th Infantry Battalion of the Australian Army. He was wounded in France in September 1918. Naomi Watt's grandfather, Baden Charles Rush, was 18 when he enlisted for WWI. He served in Corps B of the Flying Corps but was never sent overseas to fight.
Barry Lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick. Patrick, 31, was allegedly struck by his brother Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Patrick was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after the alleged attack. On Friday, Barry was given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after pleading guilty. The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943. She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory, working as the only woman in her department. Now, 70 years after leaving her position, the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory.
Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Teenage suicide bombers Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle. All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill. Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured. He was taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle for treatment of minor injuries.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel last summer. Lawyer Brent Bryson said his young client had 26 stitches after her face was rammed into a glass table-top. Ariana's aunt is Rolonda Watts, the television and radio talk show host.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today. He is charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose and ammunition without a certificate. The charges were brought yesterday by counter-terror police investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria. His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London, on April 7.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after his mother took him to bed. Hannah James, 26, had taken her son to bed with her at family home in Milford Haven, West Wales. The next morning he was 'lying face down, unresponsive', an inquest heard. Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'Welsh government's'reducing the risk of cot death' leaflet says parents should not share a bed with a young baby if they 'feel very tired'
The secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are set in their own natural paradises. From villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from Ensenada, about 10 miles away, to flee their homes. Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded. One amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire. The semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever, revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay.
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident. Her mom, Anna Moser, said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery. In January doctors were forced to deliver the baby the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups. Money is needed to pay for Trust’s staff, branding materials, PR advice and relationships with Tesco. Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
Presenter Charlie Stayt left out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard. He was broadcasting from Highfield Primary School in Southampton, Hampshire. Afterwards, colleague Bill Turnbull made him spell the word 'education' live on air.
The image was taken using the High-Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRise) camera on the Martian satellite, from a height of 187 miles (300km) above the surface. Curiosity is the fourth rover to visit Mars and took around seven minutes to land on the Red Planet. It weighs about the same as a Mini Cooper at approximately 900kg (2,000lbs)
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men, Exeter Crown Court heard. The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the Commando Training Centre at Lympstone, Devon, and at her home, the court was told. His violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages, one of which happened days after he punched her in the stomach when she was ten weeks pregnant.
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province is home to 147 tigers in the care of monks. Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week. The temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her six facial tattoos. Claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success because of them. Says she wants a well-wisher to pay for her to have laser treatment - and will stay on benefits until then.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. He said the patient wants to start a band and should be able to publish his music anonymously.
A couple heard the terrifying message: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' come through their 3-year-old son's baby monitor. The stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the monitor. Technology experts have now warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors.
Edda Goering has failed in her bid to get family money confiscated after collapse of Third Reich. Her father, Hermann Goering, was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief. He cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed. His daughter Edda, 76, has always refrained from criticising her father for his part in the mass extermination of Jews.
German language teacher suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France. Suggested that tanks should be used to'subdue unruly pupils'Also used her classes to defend Hitler's domestic record, and his plans for overseas expansion.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal £15,000 of goods. Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken from store in Basildon, Essex, where he worked. But Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
Linda and George Hunter lived in their home in Garrick Street, Wavertree, Liverpool. But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition. Estate agents say the couple would struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of her headdress on Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter. The headpiece is made from the feathers of no less than 80 kingfishers, she said. Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
The driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW when she lost control over her vehicle on Thursday night. The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin, crashed head-on into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall. The driver and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the other three were stable. A 17-year-old female passenger, who was sitting in the rear seat, suffered multiple fractures to her limbs, ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen.
The Cook MP Billy Gordon was told by Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk to quit after the explosive details of his dark past were revealed. The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged. After Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament. Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding. She has finally spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair, detailing the domestic violence she suffered through, and the disappointment she feels as a result of how the Queensland government have handled the situation.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a Gulfstream G650 to replace his current damaged aircraft. The wealthy televangelist, who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work. He is the head of the World Changers Church International, a Christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, and Adam Lyons, 34, are in a polyamorous relationship. Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship and has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam. Jane joined their open relationship after the three of them hit it off so well. The trio all live together and share a king-sized bed and Brooke said there's no jealousy between them.
The owners of an Oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the U.S. government. Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur. It is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed. The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view. A Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly'
Both William and Kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week. On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street. She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry (whose newest model is none other than Cressida Bonas!)
Daniel Morcombe's killer Brett Peter Cowan could get out of prison early due to an email to Queensland's top judge from a child protection worker. Daniel Morcombe was abducted and murdered in December 2003, waiting at a bus stop to go Christmas shopping. Daniel's parents, Denise and Bruce Morcombe, desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before Cowan's arrest. Cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the teenager's body in 2003.
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district. Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born. It is described as 'beautiful, decorated and clean' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when Cobain moved out in 1992.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas. The bout will be the richest in boxing history with the WBO, WBA and WBC titles all on the line. Tickets for the bout are on sale for upwards of $130,000 on secondary sales sites like StubHub. Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like Periscope or Meerkat.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a red poppy from Facebook. The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes- like Zoo Weekly's 'Special Anzac Centenary Issue'- without express permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs. Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive'
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal. The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment.
Jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee issues. Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched. The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. He claims he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look. 'I was stunned. It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater,' he says. 'You can see a person behind the bunker's window,' the 58-year-old added.
Attorney General-designate Loretta Lynch will take over from Holder, following a months-long delay of her Senate confirmation vote – which passed on Thursday with 'yes' votes from 10 Republicans. Holder, a former judge and U.S. attorney who took the job in 2009, will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in history.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. Initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd. But when the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar. The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. Bibi's brother, Muhammad Azam said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980. In January 1981, police found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road outside Shreveport. For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen. Bossier Parish detectives never stopped trying to identity the body they found. Carol's sister Jeanie Phelps and her friend posted Craigslist ads across Texas and Louisiana with pictures of the teen, hoping someone might recognize her.
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled in face by family's pet dog. Alaskan Malamute crossed with Siberian Huskey clamped its jaws around her head at Neyland, Pembrokeshire home. She was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find dog 'gripping' her head. They wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son Ronnie Tran last week. Alyssa Chang allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington. Police say she bound the love rival with plastic ties and locked her in a cupboard. An Amber Alert was issued for the boy Tuesday night, after the mother managed to escape and find help. Chang was arrested on charges of kidnapping, assault and unlawful imprisonment and is being held on $250,000 bail.
British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region in the biggest sign of the European Union's belated commitment to the cause. Prime Minister David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion. It was supposed to be a symbol of modern Spain, but is now being left to rack and ruin. The new owners will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering. Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-story window 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning. Police and volunteers had searched frantically for the teen, who does not have a car, at his school and in the surrounding neighborhood. Sullivan reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at Monta Vista High School, which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces.
Tipper Lewis, 43, from London, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years. She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health. Her healthy diet is to thank for her wrinkle-free skin and she doesn't even have a doctor.
Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred. The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago. The study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
Vivienne Garton's West Highland terrier Ben was stolen. She put posters up near her home in Bristol. But she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500. The caller gave the address of an empty house in Bristol and a phone number which she handed to police.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million. Schmidt, 59, already is among the world's richest people with an estimated fortune of $9 billion, according to Forbes.
Australian presenter and model Nicky Buckley copped heavy criticism for showing her bump on TV during her nine month pregnancy. 'I wasn't out to raise the flag or cause a stir, I simply wanted to work – as was my right. Yet in doing so people had other opinions and thought I shouldn't be seen publicly with a bump,' Buckley, now 49, writes in her newly-released memoir.
Sanjay Chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies', claiming Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i' following the 18-month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the Wirral. But police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Britain set to go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. Temperatures set to plunge by around ten degrees next week, forecasters predict. It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for runners taking part in London Marathon.
Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut and Dairy Milk Whole Nut.
Syracuse University art student LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a motivational speech on learning to love one's self unconditionally. The Louisville native began painting self-portraits in high school as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw. She recently decided to share her journey to self-acceptance with her peers.
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts declared, 'today we move on' in announcing that the company was abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable. The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market.
Vonda Thedford, 55, was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'In a bid to document the unusual-looking beast, she whipped out her camera phone. She says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner. The jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Bradley Parkes, 16, is fighting for his life in a coma. His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital. She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry. She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint and even slashed in the face.
Measuring just 15ft by 10ft, hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a four-bedroom home in Kingswood, Hull. Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people. The hut commands spectacular views across Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova, 24, travelled to Pret A Manger shops in London to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff. Chief executive Clive Schlee revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy. Deni tried three different approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly.
Tibetan Mastiffs are so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses - and their meat put into cheap hotpots. The dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
The majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater and now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes - and they are surprisingly quiet for such a violent event. Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead. The research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life. Sawyer appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom and also took small parts in television shows Even Stevens and Frank McKlusky C.I.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train. His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police. The middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the CTA train in Oak Park on Monday at 3pm.
Brianne Altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies. She could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month. Altice's attorney, Ed Brass, said his client wanted to resolve a case to avoid risking an uncertain outcome at trial.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV)It will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September. It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac. The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Charles Severance, 54, charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia, on Thursday. All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: Dunning in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year. At court on Thursday, prosecutor Bryan Porter argued Severance should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders. Judge Jane Marum Roush also decided at the hearing that Severance's trial should be moved from Alexandria to Fairfax County.
Sergeant Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on shopping trip with daughter Olivia, 8. She was struck by a bus as they tried to cross a busy road in Swansea, South Wales. Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but Sgt Lucas managed to push her daughter to safety. Her husband Gavin Lucas, 36, walked into the church hand-in-hand with Olivia and their seven-year-old son Lloyd to one of Sgt Lucas's favourite songs - Bette Midler's 'Wind Beneath My Wings'
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, on March 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors. Nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the money. He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department. Officer Dustin Dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $4,000 in the parking lot. The money belonged to Ou Chen, who lost the money as he cleared snow off his car after leaving his job at a nearby restaurant.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home in 1975. Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in Hounslow at 11pm on September 3. Both murders were linked in 2007 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds. The first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru and it's been sitting in a Russian museum since.
Taliban claim responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours of the offensive. A failed rocket attack on a US base in Bagram air base, situated close to the Afghan capital city of Kabul. A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China. Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left her at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
New pictures have emerged of Louis Tomlinson's wild night of partying with five girls. The 23-year-old singer was seen rolling a'suspicious cigarette' at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday. He was seen sitting on the edge of a sofa next to a box filled with a suspicious substance. Now, a series of newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged. They show the singer in his hotel room in the small hours of Thursday morning.
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme. Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design. Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square. Earlier this week Asus announced its VivoWatch, the first Asus wearable designed for fitness tracking.
Andrew Hichens, 28, is a 'tri-service safety officer' in Hayle in Western Cornwall. He will be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls.
Kim Woodward is the first woman to head the Savoy Grill kitchen in its 126-year history. 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen. The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families. Some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Newcastle is the most pest-infested place in the country. 5 per cent of those living on Tyneside reported problems with rats, cockroaches, wasps and other creepy crawlies. Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations between 2013 and 2014.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. But a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Lucy Mecklenburgh, 23, stars in new campaign for fake tan brand, Sunkissed. Says it was'really lovely working together' because they don't get to see each other often. Admits she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment, scientists have warned. The new findings come from one of the world's largest studies into the effects of HRT - used to ease effects of menopause. The Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK have both revealed strong evidence that HRT increases risk.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and community hall. Local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' for decades. Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry.
The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. On Thursday evening, thunderstorms were predicted to take place in parts of South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas, including Wichita, Kansas City, Missouri, Oklahoma City, along with Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio. For Saturday, the Weather Channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, Jacksonville and New Orleans.
Labour leader accused of'shameful' new low by blaming David Cameron for refugee crisis. He said the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy, he claimed. Miliband accused the Prime Minister of taking his eye off the ball by failing to secure a stable transfer of power in the wake of the uprising.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000. But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. It was originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. The Bentley eventually sold to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory.
Robert O'Neill will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning For America non-profit and told to write back by May 10 for a chance to open fire alongside the former Navy SEAL. Guests will be put up in the Amangani Resort Hotel, a sprawling luxury complex perched in the Rocky Mountains, on the edge of Grand Teton National Park. Part of the double-handed trip would see guests try out the Jackson Hole Shooting Experience, including pistols, clay pigeon shooting as fully automatic weapons.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception, after she faked having terminal cancer to raise money in 2014. She established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment. Ms Edmunds told Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life. She said her father and brothers and sisters had been'shattered' by the cancer 'diagnosis'
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13. The pair will have a combined age of 195, smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2. The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect. Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve in South Africa. The elephant has taken a particular liking to the resort's pool and deck area. He has been nicknamed Troublesome because of his antics.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their son Grayden, 8. He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia last night. Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
Fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up.
Oskar Groening, 93, is accused of complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at Auschwitz. Eva Kor, 81, and her twin sister Miriam were among the 1,500 twins (amounting to 3,000 children) Dr. Josef Mengele experimented on in Auschwitz.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by U.S. prosecutors. He is accused of causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique. He appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5m. But he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance and will remain there over the weekend.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010. It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money. Kind regards and good luck'Danny Alexander finally got round to sending a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply. He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy' and 'we won't let you screw it up!'
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner. Now 34, a very gaunt Xie, who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world, said he was hit with a hammer.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University. Picture shows her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign while pretending to cry. The handmade poster also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match, which is the opposite of transgender.
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. In the main image of Space Vegas, a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen, including a Ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist. The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits who were arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September. He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation. Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148, respectively. The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water. She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm. Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up. Her condition means that external exposure to water is the main problem, rather than drinking liquid.
Biometric scanning, sustainable hotels and personalised bookings are just some of the tech trends predicted for the future of travel in the next few years. Airbus predicts that by 2050, passengers will be able to relax in massage seats that serve drinks and vitamins.
Skegness is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today. The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Sydney's Dan Churchill, 25, was a guest star on Good Morning America on Tuesday. He was promoting his cook book 'Dude Food' with Blake Lively. The starlet was won over by his 'Bro Burgers' and cheeky Aussie charm. 'I am not one to go all fan-boy like so I kept my cool but there was one thing I had to be honest about,' Churchill revealed.
Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs. Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent, has been suspended. Her colleague discovered white powder in her bag and reported it to the police. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her. But she later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession of a controlled substance.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events - and even in the middle of a field.
'Project Elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. The technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality. The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. It may be possible to live forever by uploading your memories, thoughts and personality onto a computer within the next ten or twenty years.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. The images were provided to MailOnline by the Washington DC-based Armenian National Institute.
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for allowing Emma Sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest against him, calling him a rapist. The lawsuit was filed in Manhattan federal court on Thursday, three days after a judge tossed out another gender-based lawsuit brought by a male student against Columbia University.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the NHS. Known as the Islamic State Health Service (ISHS), even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system. Video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service.
Diet Pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety. The controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems, although research has shown it to be safe. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
The discovery was made by researchers in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo, Brazil. Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
G. Todd Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case. He said Moralez was 'older than her chronological age' and called her a troubled youth. Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial.
New York Mets closer Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay. He tested positive for the banned substance stanozolol. The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July.
Deputy Kerry Kempink shot a dog dead while responding to a call at a Florida home. He was then confronted by two Rottweilers which ran towards him across the garden. Within seconds he shot the closest dog, 18-month-old Cowboy, which was barking at him. He then turned his gun on the other which ran off, but the owner begged him to put it out of his misery.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'In an inspiring essay for Marie Claire, Jenna tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding.
Anthony Martinez was overjoyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. He was greeted in the locker room at Desert Oasis High School on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading: 'You're hella gay, I'm hella str8, but you're like my brother, so be my d8?' Martinez instantly responded with a big 'yes' and excited hug.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
Daniela D'Addario, 35, was found dead in the boot of her car in Bermagui, NSW on Wednesday night. Her boyfriend, believed to be her boyfriend, Josaia 'Joey' Vosikata, 27, has been charged with her murder. The couple had reportedly been in a'very tumultuous relationship' for about four months. She found out he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
Up to 30 people have now reportedly told police they were abused by Lord Janner. News comes as Alison Saunders, the new Director of Public Prosecutions, has dared her critics to challenge her in court after she ruled the former MP would not face a trial because of his dementia.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne into the face of a hostess at the Chinese Grand Prix. He's also done it after winning the Spanish Grand Prix and even at the Austrian Grand Prix, where he lost out on the top spot. Leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'They say he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11. Instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine, he made up a series of stories to shift the blame. X tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts, concocting various stories. He finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at Ipswich Crown Court.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help. Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off. The couple leave behind two daughters, Randa and Kira Speidel.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. Footage shows a female commuter being groped while on the Tube. One in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour, but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported. The video, entitled Report It To Stop It, is part of TfL's Project Guardian initiative.
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday in Marylebone. The attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag. But they ran away when she fought them off and she branded them 'lowlifes on bikes'The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated.
SNP leader admits she understands concerns of English voters about her party being involved in a coalition government. She said: 'I understand how people south of the border think, “Oh my goodness how will it work? It’s a mess’
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during election campaign. He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed Temazepam. The 51-year-old said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking. He claims campaigning has not left him with enough time to attend NHS appointments.
Karen Buckley, 24, vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month. Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm, near Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire. Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today at a second private hearing. He was charged with the murder of the Irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice. Miss Buckley's death certificate was officially issued by a registrar in Glasgow on Wednesday.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month and will represent her country at Miss Universe. She was born and raised in the port town of Sasebo near Nagasaki, Japan, where the US has a naval base and where her African-American father met her Japanese mother. Some critics of her win have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough. Ariana says she is 'Japanese through and through, but in Japan if you look "foreign" you are often not accepted as Japanese. But I am Japanese - 100 percent'
James Webster targeted women as they shopped at Lidl in Maidenhead, Berkshire. The 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper. He admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned he could face prison. Magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme as part of a three year community order.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am. Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars. For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart. It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA.
Lord Fellowes, 65, is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a three-part historical drama for ITV. He said: 'Doctor Thorne is one of my favourite novels. It is romantic and funny and I am absolutely delighted to be doing it. I said yes to it straight away'
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey. He was sacked for 'unprofessional and inappropriate conduct' two weeks ago. An investigation by the Mail on Sunday has revealed it was a series of 'informal' emails to a sixth form pupil which led to his dismissal. School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
From the Indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. The case of the haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin became infamous in 1987 when Alan and Debby Tallman’s purchase from a local junk shop led to nine months of terror. Bruno Amadio's portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a Yorkshire firefighter noticed the painting left unscathed at the scene of numerous house fires.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. In Choreographing My Past, a photo series, Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be while refusing to accept her for the woman she has become. Marcus said the experience forced her to revisit her past and reevaluate her role in her family.
Gran Canaria is just off the coast of Africa, yet still in Europe. It is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons. Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she let off Lord Janner over alleged child sex abuse. She decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia. Now it has been revealed she trained at the same legal firm where he was a top QC. The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986. But a spokesperson for the CPS insisted the pair had never met, despite a three-year overlap.
Dale Cregan reportedly moved from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital in Merseyside. The 31-year-old has reportedly started refusing food at the Category A jail after being moved to solitary. Cregan, who was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012, was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement. Sources reportedly claimed that the police killer was 'playing the system' after being transferred.
May Pat Christie, 51, ditched her $475,000-a-year position at Angelo Gordon & Co. The official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'But many will see the move as a sign that New Jersey governor Christie, 52, is coming closer to seeking the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Camborne and Redruth constituency. He objected to mention of his four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin. Ms Jenkin claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you'Mr Foster said it was a marginal issue in the Cornish constituency, adding: 'How many people do you know who live in £1 million houses?'
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu said superhero movies were 'cultural genocide'The Oscar-winning Mexican director slammed action films in an interview in 2014. The Avengers star said: 'I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like that just speaks to how bright he is'It comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with Britain's Channel 4.
Actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como. The party is a belated celebration of Amal Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source. Among guests rumoured to have been invited to the party is Matt Damon and Brad Pitt.
HMP Altcourse in Liverpool is first prison in UK to be built for private operator G4S.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted forcing 1,500 residents from Ensenada, about 10 miles away, to flee their homes. The National Mining and Geology Service issued a high alert.
Tony McCoy has been champion jump jockey in Britain and Ireland since 1996. McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once. McCoy announced his retirement in February but it was only the passing of the Grand National and last rides at Cheltenham that made reality hit home.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into Strokkur Geysir, north east of Reykjavik. When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result. The Chilean national defended his artwork, saying nature belonged to 'no one'He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Vince Cable wants a substantial role in government and wants to replace George Osborne as Chancellor. Cable said the Prime Minister and the Chancellor are 'highly intelligent guys' and 'don't snarl at each other'He said he 'envisages' remaining in a government led by Cameron, not Miliband. Cable says he would stop 'the nasty tail of Right-wing MPs wagging the Tory dog'
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. But the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth. Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the '#kyliejennerchallenge'
Former Carphone Warehouse boss Charles Dunstone is now supporting the Conservatives. He said David Cameron and George Osborne deserve much of the credit for turning around the economy. Dunstone said Tony Blair understood that in order to spend money, you first need to earn money.
Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF) will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world. Sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments - made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated - has skewed the records.
Last week Qatar's Constellation Group snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel. They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK. The Gulf state's rulers converted three prime properties on Cornwall Terrace into a huge mansion worth £200million.
Colin Bloomfield, 33, died at a hospice in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, yesterday morning. Bloomfield worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and commentator. One Direction star Niall Horan was among the first to pay tribute to Bloomfield on Twitter.
Comedian Dom Joly joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for the world yacht race. The 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg, from Itajaí to Newport, Rhode Island, U.S.
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. Two-up is allowed on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs. The game has been legalised in few casinos in Australia and across the country in pubs and RSLs only on Anzac Day.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness. After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened. Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent. This is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy.
Britt McHenry, 28, was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals. The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. She tweeted: 'Back to work. Excited to be covering Caps-Isles today. Now that the suspension is over, I want to say again that I'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions. Under no circumstances is it ever acceptable to speak to another human being in the manner in which I chose that night.'
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours. She stayed at the Villa Bianchi, a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive. The 22-year-old was found unconscious on January 31 at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia. The singer recently claimed at his concert last Saturday that his daughter was 'awake'But Bobbi's grandmother Cissy Houston said that her granddaughter is not awake but is 'is no longer in a medically induced coma but has global and irreversible brain damage and remains unresponsive'
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months. It is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks on people in the town. Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird. Hoards of twitchers have flocked to the Netherlands hoping to catch a sighting.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000 – more than breast, bowel and prostate cancer combined. On one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital, 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment. Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection and testing the level of lactate.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying the biodegradable nappies in Geneva. They are made from natural fibres and don't end up in landfill heaps.
Human traffickers are offering Libyan migrants passage across the Mediterranean on Facebook. A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site. They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy, but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions. 'The mom was beside herself with grief. She yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his,' Perino wrote in her new book And The Good News Is.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16. There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16, Provo Police Chief John King said. She usually talked with family in Mexico every day, he said.
Three eight-week-old Labradors were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on April 18 near a Goodwill donation site in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The box was labeled'stuff animals' and had no food or water inside of it where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees. The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage, according to McKamey Animal Center where they are being treated.
At his heaviest he tipped the scales at a mind-boggling 70st. The 54-year-old managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010. But the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin. He is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being 'too lazy to have a baby'The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S. University of Sydney's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb, Co Armagh, in 1974. Dennis Hutchings, 73, charged with attempted murder at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone. Mr Cunningham, who had the mental age of a child, was running away from an Army patrol when he was killed.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. He brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his Virgin recording business. The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property. Veterans were staying at the Lake Town Wharf Resort and the students were in town for their spring formal. About 60 veterans who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan were also attending a retreat that honors wounded heroes. Nicholas Connole, a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said he felt like he had to 'defend himself' against the students.
Gary Lincoln, 48, from Port Talbot, Wales, was working in a house in Cardiff. His jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist. Put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital. Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
ExtendedMind claims to build 'leadership skills' using 'neuroscience' and 'business psychology'Services include coaching on how to look 'authentic' and how to build alliances. Miliband has consistently lagged behind David Cameron in polls on personal ratings.
Located at the mouth of the Pearl River Delta at the southern tip of China, Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands - Taipa and Coloane. It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China. Macau has 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, The Venetian.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull. He was released from HMP Stocken on licence in January. Kerr was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
Pauline McKee, 90, thought she hit it big in 2011 when the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game. The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
SNP leader has been accused of savage violence by her sister, Gillian Owens. Ms Owens claims Nicola Sturgeon once cut the hair off her sister's Sindy doll for fun. The accusations sparked a Twitter trend with internet users sharing photographs of beheaded dolls. The SNP leader has denied the claims and said her sister is'misremembering'
Olivia Grant headed to Phuket in Thailand before the start of filming the second series of Indian Summers. She stayed at the Sri Panwa resort, which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya. Each villa has their own saltwater private infinity pool facing out on to the shimmering Andaman Sea.
Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal. The natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 Australians are confirmed safe. Around 549 Aussies are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. The family of 20-year-old Perth volunteer Ballantyne Forder led a tireless campaign, making headlines as they pleaded for help to find Ms Forder.
May is a magical month, and there are a host of events to help you enjoy it to the full. East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast's calendar. The Cotswolds Olimpicks can be dated back to 1612 after being started by local barrister Robert Dover.
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. The show is set to premiere this summer.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues. It has been lodged in the Northern District Court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial. US prosecutors allege Sarao helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street on May 6, 2010.
Eagles Palace hotel is 90 minutes' drive from the airport at Thessaloniki. Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants (serving food and wine from local farms, vineyards and its very own olive grove), cooling courtyards, beach bars and large saltwater pool.
Officers spotted the Delorean being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning. They joked that the futuristic-looking car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the hit movie.
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin in September of 2013. The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. The only item Stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone. Video of the shooting was released as part of a lawsuit against the sheriff's office.
Adam Barker will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties, according to new accounts. He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46. It also has assets of nearly £1.2million, the Daily Mirror reported.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn, North Wales. His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two. Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was given a life sentence at Derby Crown Court. He 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse and impregnated her when she was just a teenager. He had 'poisoned' the girl against her mother who did not live with them, the court heard.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver, who was injured in the attack. A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill the director. Two AK-47s and two grenades were found inside Medina Luna and Aguilar's gray Mitsubishi van.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell on top of her. She was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse'A worker from the Marrakech Express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement. Ms Flynn was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising.
Programmer Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. If he is right, heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
The rifle was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains. The agent's bags and some of his clothing were found at a Residence Inn across the street, but the sniper rifle has not been recovered. It happened just a week before President Obama made a scheduled trip to Utah earlier this month.
Cassie Miller accidentally ran over Brynn Johnson's 17-month-old daughter, Rowyn, in the driveway of her home in Tenino, Washington, in September last year. Rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly. The two women have now started a charity to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****'One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop'
Vandal smashed window of Foxtons branch in Brixton, South London, during peaceful protest. He then spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' on the estate agent's housing advertisements. One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage, police said. Thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the Reclaim Brixton group.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall. Nicole Phillips, 45, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30. Husband David Phillips, 48, pleaded not guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues, as is the case with all bills.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light. Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at Premier Stores in Flixton, Greater Manchester. The man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till. CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45pm on Tuesday. He wrestled with the brave shopkeeper, who refused to give in to his demands. Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton. Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, it offers award-winning dining and accommodation. Hotel is a two-minute walk from Mistley station which has services to London Liverpool Street.
Valdosta State University found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart, taking an American flag from demonstrators who had walked on it. At the protest, held a week ago, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag. She later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students. Flag supporters gathered for a rally Friday afternoon, and university administrators said the possibility of thousands of people rallying on the outskirts of campus ultimately led to the decision to give students a day off.
David Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds. He will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side. Claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Sajid Javid.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd. They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours. Final followed seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table', which involved cooking one of three courses on a menu set up by Italian chef Massimo Bottura.
Sabeen Mahmud and her mother, Mehnaz Mahmud, were shot as they stopped at a traffic light in an upscale Karachi neighborhood on Friday night. Her sandals remained in the footwell of the driver's seat, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood. Mahmud's driver, who escaped unharmed, was sitting in the back seat at the time of the attack.
Bruce Jenner, now 65, won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976. He has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures, including a facelift, nose jobs and a revisionary face lift.
Manchester University in Indiana was on lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building. Police received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building, according to WTHR. Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call. Manchester University had issued a statement advising students at its North Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place.
Boffins are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. One day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops.
The controversial number plate that led to Jeremy Clarkson and his Top Gear colleagues being thrown out of Argentina was a direct reference to the Falklands War, a judge has ruled. The BBC claimed the plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence'But Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. In a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Starbucks announced late Friday that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the US and Canada, prompting baristas to give away free drinks, has now been resolved. The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday. It did not explain what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
Farage at centre of fresh controversy after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in the South Thanet constituency. Gary Field, a former regional organiser for the English Defence League, was seen at Ukip event in Broadstairs on Friday evening. Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in Syria. The video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS. The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. Yusuf urges foreign Muslims with medical training to come forward and join the latest caliphate initiative.
Aaron Kaufman, 39, is accused of blowing more than $100,000 on his company credit card by former employers Blue Shield, a health insurance firm. Blue Shield claims he spent thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Reid. Also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately'
'Naughty Nicola' is said to be on the wall of Sturgeon's Glasgow home. She was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell. He is credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman. Murrell is affectionately nicknamed Penfold, after Danger Mouse's loyal hamster.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. Her close friend Andrew Chan is expected to be put to death on Kerobokan prison on Tuesday. He was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot. She was arrested trying to smuggle £1.6million worth of cocaine from Bankok into Bali.
More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula. A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, commander of the Iraqi first division, was killed. A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in Nadhem al-Taqseem region, north of Fallujah. The Iraqi army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was ill, made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes. He had been told he may need a leg amputated and was on a high-fat, high-sugar diet. His sons Anthony and Ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health. Doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication.
Brian Williams was suspended in February amid allegations that he lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in Iraq in 2003. NBC's committee investigating the alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences is looking at a February 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart about the Arab Spring. The anchor said he caught the eye of the lead mounted government soldier before violence at Cairo's Tahrir Square made the situation 'turn sour' and descended into violence.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson said. The global maker of cash registers has been using the same default password on payment devices for more than two decades. This potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach. Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel using a paperclip.
A group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app Snapchat after attempting to use it for the first time. In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious - and mixed – results. While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
Former prime minister said Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'But that her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster to force another independence referendum. He urged 'patriotic Scots' to back Labour's plan for full employment in Scotland.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge. Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday. Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, which is more than 20 miles from the Bloomington campus. Wilson was a senior studying psychology at the university.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana. Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year.
The nine-gram robots were built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California. They can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years and came across 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. He hopes the find will lead him to the tomb of the city's king.
Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin from billionaire brothers Sir David and Sir Frederick Barclay. It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion. Qatar’s royal family, which owns more of London than the Crown Estate, is also planning their own British palace in the capital.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field. Clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?'
Len Blavatnik topped the Sunday Times Rich List with a fortune of £13.2bn. Brothers Sri and Gopi Hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at £13bn. The wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth £547billion, up 112 per cent.
Amanda Goff, known to clients as Samantha X, is a former journalist. The 40-year-old revealed her double life on national television and became a global sensation. Ms Goff said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure. The mother-of-two said she is not ashamed of her decision to go public and says she is the 'happiest' she has ever been.
Gable Tostee, 29, was four times over the legal limit for drink driving when he incited a high speed police chase with two passengers home to the Gold Coast from Splendour in the Grass, a music festival at Byron Bay. He was on bail for the alleged murder of New Zealand woman Warriena Tagpuno Wright when Tweed Heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars for the driving offence that occurred in July. Judge Martin Blackmore dismissed his appeal for early release and he will be eligible for parole on August 1. The 29-year-old borrowed his father's car for a booze-fuelled rise across into northern NSW and then back over the border.
The Bureau of Meteorology issued a severe weather warning for Sydney, Wollongong and the Blue Mountains just before 3:20pm, but by 4:15pm the severe storm had hit Sydney after coming in from the west. A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood, in western Sydney, have collapsed due to the weather.
Patient at Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast is being tested for suspected rabies. Public Health Agency confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol'The results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until next week.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services. McIntyre referred to the Anzac's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. The tweets were met with disgust by Twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre. SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company from its employee's beliefs.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, in Canada, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy. O’Shaugnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert. He sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children's father Jason Gosling the day before his birthday as a 'birthday gift'Police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner. Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city. The 32-year-old has lived in Istanbul for 14 years and documents his work to his Instagram page.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas. The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012. Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February.
Chris Blowes, 26, is in a critical condition after being attacked by a shark in Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia. He was airlifted to the Royal Adelaide Hospital for further treatment on Saturday morning. Witnesses have described the horrifying moment they saw the man being mauled by a'monster' Great White shark. The man has been identified by the Adelaide Advertiser as Chris Blowes.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving. He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again, in potentially even more danger than before. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of Hawaii's Lanai island. Another man was also missing from a separate boat around Hawaii after he reported Thursday his vessel was flooding about 10 miles south of Honolulu Harbor.
Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to make a cake for Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel in 2013 because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. An administrative law judge said that Sweet Cakes by Melissa, in the Portland suburb of Gresham, discriminated against the couple and caused them emotional distress. The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating the company's terms of service.
Xie Xu met his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at Daxu High School in Xuzhou, a large city in the northern province of Jiangsu, in China. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight. Each day Xie carries Zhang from their rooms to the school, and back again, and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes.
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch, 34, is serving nine years in Bedford Prison. He is said to be earning a fortune by running illegal websites selling legal highs.
Fred Pagan, 49, has worked for Cochran since he was 16 years old. He is charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and importing a controlled substance.
Next summer there will be a new ship in the Thomson fleet - but it will be familiar to seasoned cruisers who have sailed on Royal Caribbean’s Splendour of the Seas. The mid-size ship, with an on-board climbing wall, is sailing away from RCI to Thomson and will get a new name, yet to be announced. Magellan, ‘new flagship’ of the Cruise & Maritime fleet, was recently christened in Tilbury.
Tracey Woodford, 47, is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at a property in Rhydyfelin, Wales, on Friday. A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. Police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients in more than a week. Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in bloodstream and urine. Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at the Lindo Wing, where Prince George was born.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed £70 million fortune since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. He decided early in his career to eschew personal publicity altogether.
Coca-Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the Coca-Cola range'Since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke as well. Coke Zero, which is also sugar-free, and the reduced sugar Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour, in line with the designs of the labels around the middle.
Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from the tragedy. He said the 'tragic scenes' in the Mediterranean were 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's Libya policy. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said Miliband was trying to 'weaponise drowning migrants'Former defence secretary Liam Fox accused Miliband of 'weaponising dead migrants'
PM was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities. He said: 'Of course, I'd rather you supported West Ham' during speech in Croydon. Cameron blamed his gaffe on a 'brain fade' like that suffered by Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions. Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games each. White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia, Michigan. The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit, in July. The two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder charge before making the plea deal.
Belle Gibson was awarded the 2014 Fun Fearless Female Award last year. The award is given to inspiring women in times of 'triumph and adversity'But Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she wishes her magazine had better investigated Belle Gibson before presenting her with the award. 'If we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' she said. Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Her third roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder. Mann's parents, Thomas and Melissa Mann, paid tribute to their daughter. Her father, a judge in a Fairfax County juvenile and domestic court, said: 'She just wanted the world to be a beautiful place, a safe place and a kind place'
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, when their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road. The women survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow.
A New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the girl's father. The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark. He said he disagreed with the'sexually suggestive' nature of some of Pink's performances and did not want his daughter seeing it. The judge ruled that while the singer's works can be suggestive, they are preteen-appropriate.
At least 18 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal. The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area. A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star sparked rumors about his gender identity last year after visibly altering his appearance. He revealed that he is reinventing himself physically in a bid to transition from male to female in the highly-anticipated, intimate sit-down with Diane Sawyer on Friday night. Jenner said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when he was asked about LGBT issues - and replied 'yes' when asked if he was a Republican. He added that neither the Republicans nor Democrats had a'monopoly on understanding'
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman said there is 'institutional racism' in Tower Hamlets. Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism within the east London borough. He said: 'If people want to turn a blind eye to the racism then that’s their decision but they are very much mistaken if they turn round and say people are not judged because of their skin colour and their religion'
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday. A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female. New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton swooned over the 'boy band' of four Swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in The Big Apple this week, complimenting their use of safe and effective restraint tactics.
The Brody WorkLounge will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700. Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting. The design is based on the Cognitive Neuroscience Karolinska Institute in Sweden's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, believes his sister, Debra Davis, was murdered by James 'Whitey' Bulger in 1981. Bulger allegedly killed her because he believed she knew too much about their crime ring, which involved corrupt cops. Davis said the film glamorizes Bulger, who was an FBI informant from 1975 to 1990.
Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute’s silence. A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have turned the music on. Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club. Merivale, which runs the Ivy, said the company was 'deeply upset' by the incident.
Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength. Call comes as Europe struggles with growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean, where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy. David Cameron insisted at an emergency EU summit on Thursday that the UK would not take any of the refugees – because it was already doing its part.
Bus ploughed into the engine of a Boeing 777 at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan. Plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service, the national airline of the country.
Study found children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when carers are distracted. Children whose carers were distracted were ‘significantly’ more likely to behave in this way, study showed. Electronic devices such as mobile phones are responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India, shows the playful monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past. The teenager wanders past the monkey, who eyeballs him from a ledge as he gives it the middle finger. Much like a human, the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and responds by throwing himself at the teenager. He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey bounds back up again to the ledge.
Samantha Wills welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car. Nine months on, the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events.
Peter Moore was shocked after receiving the document from HM Revenue and Customs. Letter was addressed to'representative' of Peter William John Moore and apologised for family's'recent bereavement'It added that officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax. The 47-year-old pottery factory worker, from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, demanded an apology.
Bulgarians love their traditional music and have a TV channel devoted to it. They are so proud of the music that when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the Voyager 2 space probe, they sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares, in the hope that aliens would like it too.
On Friday, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian. The 10-second video, obtained by Daily Caller reporter Kaitlin Collins, is titled ‘Lessons from Dan Blizerian’In the clip, the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands, playing what appears to be Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes. The goal of the game, according to Investopedia.com, is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of your bid. The former Navy SEAL trainee was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb.
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions when he reportedly began attacking officers. David was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident and later died at a local hospital. He had been wanted on a robbery charge, according to the New York Post.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story in Virginia. The names of the SEALS are being withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl. The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class. He also groped her in his car, Guildford Crown Court heard.
Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children. They got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon. A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody. Bruce was travelling the world doing paid appearances and lived a glamorous life in Malibu. When Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three, Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night.
Real Madrid star Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football. He is joined by seven current Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks as he comes to terms with his £28million move from Southampton to Old Trafford in the summer. The left back has played 19 times in all competitions for United this campaign, after featuring in twice as many matches for Southampton last season.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for 'conspiracy related to the drug offenses', according to Malmstrom spokesman Josh Aycock.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced. He was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'Booked himself into Hotel des Nations in Paris before moving to a second and third hotel to evade police. Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing's arrest.
John Caudwell bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London for £155million. He is set to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex on the site. The complex will include five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 luxury flats. But it could face trouble getting planning permission as VIP neighbours may object.
The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner, attended by Princess Anne. Later the Queen, joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince William and political leaders, led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall. Prince Charles and Harry joined more than 10,000 people in a dawn pilgrimage at Gallipoli to honour the bravery of the Allied troops who stormed the peninsula's beaches.
Genti Rustemi, 45, left John Doyle, 79, with a broken rib and a punctured lung after attack. Grandfather was helping two 12-year-old girls cross road to get to school in Timperley, Greater Manchester. Mr Doyle took the job as a 'patrol crossing officer' three years ago to stave off boredom during retirement.
Rebecca Rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of her French GCSE oral exam. Her teacher Lorette Esteve advised her to bring her pet dog Holly to help calm her nerves.
Derby beat Blackpool 3-0 at the iPro Stadium on Tuesday night. Craig Bryson opened the scoring as early as the third minute. Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 28th minute with a wonderful effort inside the far post. Darren Bent pulled one back for Blackpool from the penalty spot in the 65th minute.
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling £30,000 to her builder Lee Slocombe. She claimed the work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth, Wales. But the proposed work, which never materialised, was carried out instead at her home in Pontypridd. Harkin 'dabbled' in school funds while headteacher of the primary, a position she had held for nine years.
Ipswich Town beat Cardiff City 3-1 at Portman Road. Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the first half. Cole Skuse doubled Ipswich's lead with a 30-yard effort in the 29th minute. Eoin Doyle equalised for Cardiff in the 13th minute after Scott Malone's cross was headed in. Daryl Murphy completed the win in the 90th minute to put Ipswich 3-0 up.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the club. Tony Pulis insists he has been told by Peace that any takeover will not drag on. The Baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150m and £200m. The Baggies are 13th in the Premier League, seven points clear of the relegation zone. Tony Pulis has been assured the deal will be done by July, so as not to affect pre-season.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has spent more than £200m since taking charge at Liverpool in 2012. Rodgers has signed 22 players during his tenure, but only seven of those can be considered a success.
Capital One became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers. Company said it made perks 'no longer sustainable' after announcement of EU cap on processing fees. European Parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0.2 per cent of transaction value for debit cards and 0.3 per cent for credit cards.
North Sentinel Island belongs to India and is located in the Bay of Bengal. It has remained untouched by modern civilisation for centuries, despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years. It is too dangerous to approach the islanders due to their hostility to outsiders, meaning they are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video. Indian authorities have gone as far as making it a crime to try to make contact with the Sentinelese.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by. Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize. She said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees began to protest.
Edward Moore, 24, was working at King Edward's School in Witley, Surrey. He was assistant director of music when he had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office. After the incident, he told her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, was jailed for nine months on Friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to clinch promotion from League One. Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also scored for the Robins. Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs), and solar flares that can endanger Earth.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators. Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF) until it is considered for NHS use. Each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from Avastin, costing £3,370.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery at Lincoln County Hospital. He suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor’s errors, ruled Stuart Fisher, senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire. He said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘unorthodox and unacceptable’ way.
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a sports festival in Salou, Spain when she fell. The 21-year-old was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries a week ago. She told Simon Wright of the Sunday Mirror that authorities initially said the fall was a suicide bid. A GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to get her home.
Philip Gigante, 41, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York. His grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family. The Republican real-estate lawyer hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what people notice.
A Queensland man ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart. The package was picked up from the sender in Nathan, Queensland, on Monday, April 20 at 12:26pm. It was then sent 934kms to an Australia Post facility in Chullora, NSW, to be processed, and arrived on Tuesday, April 21, at 1:19pm. The next day it was sent all the way back to Queensland, and was processed at a facility in Underwood on Wednesday, April 22, at 6:35pm.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?' The company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign - including vandalised posters, a petition, a protest rally and even a bomb threat. More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt's home. But instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened, officers knocked on a neighbour’s door and asked for a black bin bag. A witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'Mr Hunt spent two days putting up 'lost cat' posters in his area before finding out from a local teenager.
At least one person is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta, and crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing in the waters, the Coast Guard said. More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay. The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race.
Gibraltar could be new home of Britain's nuclear submarines if SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident. Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported. SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde. Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base.
Kate, 33, is expected to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London. Duchess is four days overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about being induced. Royal baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week.
Planners in Windsor have allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart. It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart, plus the Costa Express at a petrol station between them.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley. The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester. It comes four months after Brady wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent. He expressed no remorse for his killings and complained he is 'bedridden and worsening'
Jisr al-Shughour was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra, who released the video, and other groups of Islamist militants. The eight-minute video was released yesterday and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the UK to join the fight in Syria.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'Visitors to the sprawling home, dubbed Maison du Solei, are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater, complete with its own popcorn and snack bar.
Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, pitched up outside the Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville. He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions. He proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to Iraq.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash last summer in Barnard, Vermont. Freeh, 64, severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, won the title last Friday on Masterchef. Everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV shows. He said: 'I learnt what I know from reading, websites like YouTube, watching TV and talking to people who are also passionate about it. There’s no more to it than that. You can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you're passionate enough'
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s, as well as younger patients suffering from cancer, dementia, heart disease or serious lung conditions. They are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. The NHS says the guidance will improve patients' care, but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
Boris Johnson and Ed Miliband clashed on the Andrew Marr Show this morning. Mr Johnson said Miliband will do'more damage to the country than he did to his brother'But Mr Miliband laughed off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'Mr Johnson said Labour could not take power without the support of the SNP.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache. She was told that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son, Attley. Instead, Tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility. But midway through the appointment Attley started to create a fuss and was removed from his mom's arms.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome were hospitalised in England last year. But the actual number affected by their mother' s drinking could be far greater, experts warn. One in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems due to exposure to alcohol. That equates to about 7,500 every year.
A group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst, in a video featured on Super Soul Sunday, Oprah's Emmy award-winning TV series. The video, titled What Children Can Teach Us About Anger, is described as showing that 'you're never too old, or too young, to discover mindfulness and let anger go'
Six dancers filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk, southern Russia. Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war. Two of the girls were jailed for ten days, while a third was sentenced to 15 days in prison. Two others were fined, while the sixth dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over £2m. The annual levy will hit his own home in Dartmouth Park, north London, worth £2.7m. Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price'
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet. It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013 – four years behind schedule. BBC admits it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms and spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Adele McKenzie paid $1,000 to 'The Bridal Centre' to pay off her wedding dress. She was devastated to learn the company she had paid $2,000 for her dress had closed down. Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides-to-be who received the same 'generic' email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming, some of them with weddings only weeks away.
Scientists at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. They asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober, tipsy and drunk. Sober subjects and those who had 'had a few too many' were rated as far less attractive than a 'tipsy' subject. But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
Eligah Christian, 49, took off when police tried to pull him over. He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks. Troopers deployed spike strips to stop the motorhome, but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around.
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign. He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. Prime Minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion.
Average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week, according to Branston survey. Cheddar is Britain's most popular cheese with 80% of us choosing it over fancier varieties like French Brie. Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and cream cheese.
Stephen A. Smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on ESPN's First Take. He said Floyd Mayweather Jr's career should be looked at separately from his domestic violence history. When co-host Cari Champion said she had an issue with Mayweather's history, Smith said that was because she's a woman and'should feel that way'
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. Sharon, 45, trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair. Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
Diana is the favourite name for the second royal baby if it is a girl. 12 per cent of people said the child should be named after William's mother. Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent. Alice is the name of the Queen's aunt, who passed away in 2004 aged 102.
Scottish National Party would prop up minority Labour administration in hope it would be a 'disaster'Cameron said Scottish nationalists 'want to achieve the break-up of our country'But Lib Dem Cabinet minister Danny Alexander accused the Prime Minister of 'playing with fire'He said a majority Tory government would be 'a disaster for the whole of the United Kingdom'
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis. But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit. UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical.
Madison Hurd, 16, from Seward, Nebraska, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug and turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection. Her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage, and the stunning turquoise ball gown she had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown.
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately. Models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015. Holden said the issue is caused by an alternator cable making unnecessary contact with a steel bracket on the battery tray. Under certain driving conditions the movement of the engine could cause the cable to rub through the insulation, potentially causing a short circuit.
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex. She lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight. Ms Brown, 41, and Ms Knight, 39, were once a straight married couple – when Ms Brown was a man.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times, including in 2003. The 41-year-old will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award in honour of her achievements. The mother-of-two has never won an Olympic medal and often been let down by her body as she's pushed it to her limits.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco. But the selling price suggests the untitled, undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself. It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter, who shares his name.
Renee Somerfield, the genetically-blessed Australian Model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert, has responded to the backlash against the campaign. The yellow Protein World ad, currently plastered all over billboards around the London Underground, features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' The sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners.
Kate Battersby tries six looks to see which work and which absolutely don't. The red dress is a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but can all be wrecked if the style doesn't suit you.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK. During the show Professor Hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band. The legendary physicist joked that in another universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction'
Intrepid Travel cancels all bookings to Nepal until May 11 in the wake of the earthquake. Those planning on travelling before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip. British Foreign Office has advised tourists to check with their travel provider before heading to Nepal.
The Strongsville, Ohio woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs. Shelly Nicholas in Truth or Consequences, New Mexico was told to sit in her car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat last year.
David Duane Watson, a 46-year-old Tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife, Linda Watson, 35, in 2000. Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights over the girl. Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home. Watson has been charged in all three homicides with police cited DNA evidence.
Illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks. They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea. The men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market.
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin chose Venice as the place to get married in 2014. The city plays host to the Biennale Art Festival, an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country's best works of art in national pavilions dotted throughout the city. The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark’s Square. Guests at the hotel can try two special cocktails that George created with head barman Walter Bolzonella – 'Nina's Passion' and 'Buonanotte'
A man driving to work in Alabama noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. A man contacted police Friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near Piedmont.
PM was giving a campaign speech in south London when he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants. He said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'I don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things'Mr Cameron claimed he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in the European Cup final as a child - but admitted he could not remember the year of the triumph.
Nicola Sturgeon says Ed Miliband 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may'Labour leader insists he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election. But Ms Sturgeon said 'I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast'Polls suggest the General Election race is still neck-and-neck, with the country heading for a probable hung parliament and coalition negotiations.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm. Her partner Jordan Jackson, 21, a soldier in the army's Royal Logistics corps, is meant to report back tomorrow. Couple have now been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months while Freddie builds up his strength.
A film crew were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. The great white decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat. The two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande. They are panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'If the 12 final jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide he was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital.
Suzanne Evans says she would 'carry on the mantle' if Farage quits. Ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication. He has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win Thanet South seat.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches. The 26 year old is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model. His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, worth £32,000.
Chris Blowes, 26, is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark at Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park, South Australia, on Saturday morning. The 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital after being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment. Mr Blowes' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received during this traumatic time.
PM vows to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy. He told supporters in Somerset: 'If you want political excitement go to Greece. If you want more showbiz in this election. Go to Hollywood'Comes amid claims senior Tory figures are planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader.
Presenter Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show. He blamed presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for slump in ratings. The 66-year-old said: 'It is the news of popular music and, if it is to have any integrity, it should be an objective show'
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS, according to a federal law enforcement official. Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day. The Bureau of Meteorology NSW Manager of Weather Services, Andrew Treloar said the freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air.
Chuka Umunna said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' after his remarks last week. Shadow business secretary said Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism'Farage dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him.
Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain. According to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by cars and obscure facts. Women, on the other hand, are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling.
Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from South America to Somerset. It is believed the shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska. Bird is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts, the Black Tailed Godwit.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device. Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year.
More than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night. Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India. Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments. Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world. His mother Carley Nickerson shared on a Facebook page, Danny's Warriors, that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
More than 2,500 people died in the 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal. Buildings including the Dharahara Tower, which was built in 1832, was almost completely destroyed by the quake. Buildings in Patan and Bhaktapur, on the outskirts of the capital, were also devastated by the shocks.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses'Abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on Monday after LifeTouch offered to re-take it.
Lesbos was the Magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism, it will be revealed. Lesbos had a particular reputation for producing very beautiful women, the TV show will reveal.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen at a Halloween party in Newport, Michigan. She was dressed as the fictional comic villain Poison Ivy and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig. Her body was found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks. The cause of death could take up to a month to be determined due to advanced decomposition of the body.
The earthquake struck 81 kilometres (50 miles) northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT, with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes. On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing. Aftershocks rocked the Himalayan country this morning with residents describing tremors in terrifying detail.
Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex, and Prince George of Cambridge look very similar. Two-year-old Tommy’s mother – whose name is Kate – and father Paul are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince's lookalike. They share the same side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms. Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843. The 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, were told they'd never conceive naturally. Last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz. The couple said they became 'used' to the heartbreak of miscarriages after losing ten babies.
Doctors in Kurdistan are allegedly performing abortions on young Yazidi girls who have been released after being held as sex slaves by ISIS fighters. The young girls, some barely teenagers, are some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer. The women who have escaped now face being shunned by their strict religious communities, and many are trying to hide the physical evidence of their time in captivity.
Major Steve Thompson with the Alabama Department of Public Safety's Marine Patrol Division said that one person was found dead on Saturday and a second was found on Sunday morning. Authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people. The storm rolled through the area about 4pm and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9pm, Petty officer Carlos Vega said. Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker told AL.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm.
María Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail Friday night. She was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child. She defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed nearly nine years.
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Anais Zanotti, 30, from Saint-Tropez, France, has had 1,350 skydives. Now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane, thousands of feet in the air. The model has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from Sydney home. The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in Darling Point. Three years after the theft, police executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property.
Ivan Milat was 17 years old when he shot his first victim, Neville Knight, in 1962. His brother, Boris Milat, told Channel 7's Sunday Night that he knew of the crime. Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars. Dillon even confessed to the crime, in an attempt to protect his own brother. He said he believed police were going to charge his brother for the crime and confessed to protect him.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month. His now-one-year-old daughter Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages. Joshua Burns claims he grabbed Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014. He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home.
Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services. The SBS football reporter and presenter called Anzac day as an 'imperialist invasion'McIntyre referred to the Anzac's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments on Saturday evening, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail on St. Patrick's Day of 2014. She was booked on suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication. Police say she was 'guided' to the ground by BART and Oakland Police officers, but she claims she was left severely injured. She says she is embarrassed by how drunk she got the night of the incident and that she deserved to be arrested.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant. She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt. The boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows and was taken to PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center in Vancouver.
Bill Spedding, 63, charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault. He was a person of interest in the case of missing four-year-old William Tyrrell in September last year. Police are expected to lay more charges against him and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring. The New South Wales Ombudsman confirmed it will be'making inquires' into the accused sex offender's living situation. The mother of the three boys, who cannot be named, was shocked to discover the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse.
James Hayward had arrived at East Midlands Airport with his toy gun packed in his hand luggage. He was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk. The £6 plastic gadget was described as a semi-automatic soft dart gun by its manufacturers. After returning from holiday to Lanzarote, the four-year-old boy was bought a replacement toy gun.
Vladimir Putin said phone records show contact between rebels and US secret services. He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question. But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia.
Robin Barton, 25, was abandoned behind a dumpster in Santa Ana, California, on November 21, 1989. Michael Buelna found him because he heard a'very low meow' and thought it was a cat behind the bins. Barton was adopted by Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County and he said he was 'blessed with a great family'Buelna hopes to help find the man's biological mother.
Katia Apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase. She came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning.
Saturday Night Live star Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents' Dinner. She poked fun at both the president and Washington's elite during her 20-minute speech. Said Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
Svinafellsjokull glacier in Skaftafell National Park is a popular hiking destination. Yellowstone National Park's Grand Prismatic Spring looks for all money in some photographs.
LeBron James hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court, on Saturday. James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics on Sunday afternoon. During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting. The NBA superstar grabbed a basketball and flicked it with relative ease at the hoop at the other end of the court.
Survation poll for the Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories. The Conservatives are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9. David Cameron is ahead by three points in the polls going into the final stage of the election.
Hippo attempted to scare off the three-year-old lions as they tried to attack the mammal at the nature reserve in the west of Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp, who has been studying the behaviour of lions in the area for years.
Courtney Terry, 27, from Barnehurst, south-east London, was just 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago. Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer returned when she became pregnant in 2009. Had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time. But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition. Now she and her family are relying on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicde. Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka, 37, unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes. She told police he had physically abused her while she was pregnant, cheated on her with several women and sent her to Nigeria on multiple occasions.
Jeremy Clarkson left his green Lamborghini parked on yellow lines in London. Traffic warden tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar but the pair chatted for a few minutes. Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea as they drew 0-0 with Arsenal.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door in Horwich, near Bolton. He held his hand as they made their way to his home, holding his hand, in strong winds. The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people. It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Protests to demand answers in the case of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died in Baltimore Police custody last week, descended into chaos on Saturday night. After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards, where the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox in ten innings. Spectators at the game, with a reported attendance of 36,757, were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police.
Man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures. Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville. She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene. The 58-year-old was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator.
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson has been filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night. The footage shows a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan, taunting Clarkson as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room, before Clarkson pushes the man and grabs his neck. Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox, who saw the incident unfold, has described it as'very unfortunate'It's not known whether the man in the video was a Power supporter as he wasn't wearing any Port Adelaide clothing.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham. The 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me'Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years for robbery and possession of a bladed article.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green Academy in February with two friends, Shamima Begum and Kadiza Sultana, 16, and is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. Now, nearly two months after her departure, Amira has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State - by tweeting a picture of a takeaway dinner with another teenage 'jihadi bride'Amira - tweeting under the name Bintt Abbas - captioned the photograph 'dawla takeaway w/ @um_ayoub12'
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand to be the next Mayor of Tower Hamlets. Lutfur Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes. He was branded a 'pathological liar' and cheat who 'played the race card on every occasion'Rahman diverted millions of pounds from groups like the Alzheimer's Society to Muslim organisations.
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow. He has been charged with the murder of Tracey Woodford, 47, who was found dismembered. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at the flat around 3pm on Friday. Her family described her as'very kind-hearted' and'selfless'She is believed to have been attacked in woodland before being taken back to property.
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. They will also have priority in the sale of new homes under a Labour government, Ed Miliband will say. Labour claims its tax break – which would last three years – would be funded by a squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords.
Billionaire John Caudwell, 62, bought Broughton Hall in Staffordshire 20 years ago for £800,000. He thinks the building is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to Cromwell during the English Civil War. Visitors to the Jacobean manor have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs.
Acting CEO Maura Pally said the Clinton Foundation'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations. She said the foundation would'remedy' any errors but stressed the total revenue was reported accurately and that grants were properly broken out on audited statements on its website. A government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a'slush fund' for one of America's most powerful political families.
Lord Janner is alleged to have sexually abused young boys in children's homes in Leicestershire. The 86-year-old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems. But he could still face civil action from his alleged victims, who could claim up to £100,000. Legal firm Slater & Gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against him.
All Aboard! The Canal Trip is a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootsles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph. All viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong.
Ashley James, 26, leads a mostly vegan lifestyle and shops at fur-free stores including Liberty London, Selfridges, House of Fraser, Topshop and Oasis. Harvey Nichols, which has 12 locations around the world and previously stood against the fur industry, backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it. PETA is currently in talks with a number of billboard companies in the hopes of getting the poster mounted outside Harvey Nichols.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the 'horrendous' accident in Portugal. Police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
Ed Miliband confirms he will press on with controversial plans to cap rents. He said rent controls would give millions of ‘forgotten’ renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices. But the Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes' and may make tenants’ lives worse.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in northern Germany. British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945. Today, seventy years on, hundreds of people laid flowers and flags as memorials. German president Joachim Gauck said the British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge'
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it was found. Weapon becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly.
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas. Some people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued. Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit. He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him there is little chance they will survive.
18-year-old waitress claims Aaron Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top. Tottenham winger reportedly left her with a bruise below her eye at Suede nightclub in Manchester. He was reportedly interviewed by police officers under caution over the alleged assault. Police confirmed no arrests have been made and an investigation is ongoing.
Chris Strodder has created a handy book, The Disneyland Book of Lists. It contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure. You will find out how many people have given birth in Disneyland, California, what the official pet food brand is, and how the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day.
Study found that if doctors know patients well, they could mistake warning signs for ongoing medical problems or depression. Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe, and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was attacked and killed in a hallway at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder as an adult over the attack. The 16-year-old Connecticut student accused of killing Sanchez who turned down his offer to go to prom, told police after the attack: 'I did it,' court documents show.
Prince George's brother or sister's arrival will be announced first on Twitter. News of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace. Prince William's birth announcement was first announced on an easel outside Buckingham Palace in 1982.
Police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff. Whistleblower Tony Brookes, a former detective who tried to investigate the abuse, said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called ‘priority crimes’The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government. Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Chris Lewis, 68, is suing his ex-wife Nicola, 48, for more than £300,000. He claims she lied to him about being the father of her son Charlie, now 19, for 17 years. Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage, but did not tell him. She had a child as a result but led him to believe the boy was his, he argues. DNA tests prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Christopher Marinello, 53, is the founder of Art Recovery International. He has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art including works by Picasso, Renoir and Matisse. He is representing the heirs of renowned art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap. Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man.
New generation of watches are designed to do far more than just tell the time. Pebble watch, from £99, is one of the earliest smartwatches and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to 'urgently review' plans to increase fares. Passengers travelling between London and the Cotswolds could face increases of up to 87 per cent from May 17. Prime Minister has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament. Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
Fern Britton, 57, reveals how close she came to suicide after her divorce from first husband Clive Jones. Mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. Claims she knew the marriage was never right, but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak. Says she has no interest in cosmetic surgery, deciding instead to grow older gracefully.
Juanette Cullum, 48, allegedly stole almost $15,000 worth of items from American Airline planes over the last three years. Cullum was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing and informed airline officials. Police searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
National Counterterrorism Center is expected to recommend a radical shift in US hostage policy. The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley. The family of a US contractor held by Al-Qaeda militants, Warren Weinstein, confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release.
Brian Williams lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times, an internal investigation has reportedly found. The total, cited in media reports about the secretive investigation, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported. Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Australian historian Dr Jim Penman claims Britain is heading for a similar collapse in society. He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and the Roman Empire in 100BC when Julius Caesar was ruler. Dr Penman has suggested Britons have lost the drive for innovation that helped huge social, economic and industrial changes during the Victorian era.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald were told to pay back cash 11 months ago. It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash. Pressure is mounting as Gabby Logan has already repaid all the money she owed from 'tax shelter' scheme.
Seven women believed they were in an online relationship with the same man. But they all found out they were being duped by a 24-year-old woman named Kayla in Texas. Kayla was a catfish - someone who tricks others online by setting up fake profiles with fake pictures and names. The women had a chance to confront Kayla on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday.
Paintings were used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz. One of the stunning watercolours, showing Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow, went for £25,000. The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold for £10,000. Both paintings were from the brush of famed art director Jack Martin Smith.
Pippa Middleton is said to have bought biodegradable nappies for her new royal niece or nephew. Other gadgets on the market include a machine that makes'shushing' sounds to 'break the cycle of crying'
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve. It is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long and 4.6ft (1.4 metres) wide. The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago. The fossil - first found in Montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction.
Colin Farrell says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew, and hasn't dated in four years. The 38-year-old actor says that he's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career and being a good father to his two sons James Padraig, 11, and Henry Tadeusz, five. He is also the face of the new Dolce & Gabbana fragrance Intenso.
Supreme Court's. arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. two decades of litigation and a transformation in public. attitudes. Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay. rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating. to 1996. In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in. 2013, Kennedy deplored. that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. The results are a spectacular set of dramatic images, which form part of an exhibition at New York's Foto-Care Gallery.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men, who travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John, whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi. The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood as the man unmasked in February as the notorious murderer in Islamic State's ruthless propaganda videos. He has also been linked to Adel Abdel Bari, another Egyptian-born jihadist and senior al-Qaeda operative. Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Enwazi was a part.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs and smoked 20 cigarettes a day. She spent £30 a week on takeaways and kebabs and never learned to cook a proper meal. She was so overweight she became out of breath walking up stairs. Doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23. She shed 8st after changing diet and exercising and is now a size 12.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses, displacing about 16,000 students. The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in Arizona and New York. It collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week. But she has not been heard from since the disaster on Saturday. She was due to continue to India for a yoga course in June. Many Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the disaster. Others were staying in the capital Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas.
Geoff Haigh, 61, from Oldham, Greater Manchester, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. The couple settled on a venue close to their home as it was not too far from their home. But, instead of having the magical day they had planned, the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly. Guests were forced to listen to the song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder. Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening range' just in time for royal baby's birth. Collection includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper, lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks.
Horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet. It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft.
Scientists took CT scans of teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern Italy. They found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture. The arrival of this modern human culture led to the rapid disappearance of Neanderthals.
Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal failed. Judges rejected the bid because of the risk of 'unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in Libya. It means he will be able to continue his drink-fuelled offending spree in Britain.
A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House. Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. The solid white dinner plates are edged in gold; the service plates have a wide gold rim and the presidential coat of arms at the center.
Valerie Jackson, 35, from Las Vegas, suffers Netherton's syndrome. Her son, four-year-old RJ, is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers the rare condition. His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body. His mother has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out. While out shopping recently, she was surrounded by armed police, who had been called by a member of the public. They reported fears Mrs Jackson had been abusing her son, who has been treated like an outcast.
Dr Sanjay Gupta performed a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside. Sandhya Chalise, who lives in a more remote area of the country, only reached Kathmandu's Bir Hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain. Gupta said the girl was just one of many people walking through the doors with head injuries at the overstretched hospital.
The unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado, police there said in a news release. In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
A Reddit user decided to write a biting leaving note to their boss. It's not known exactly where the letter is from, but the writer is believed to be America. They apologise for a number of unfortunate incidents - all of which seem to be out of their control.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning: 'This child will be risk to you not just to us'Terror experts have revealed the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate. The image bears a strong resemblance to earlier ISIS propaganda, such as this image of a baby lying on an ISIS flag surrounded by weapons.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes, 16, after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall, Coventry. The Manchester United fan was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma but his mother Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery.
General Keith Alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the National Security Agency, has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault. Energy infrastructure is likely to be hacker's prime target, according to the retired general. He was speaking at a private dinner held by IHS CERAWeek in Texas last week.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi. Many of those enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
John Suchet lost his wife Bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. Classic FM presenter has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship, writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.
Michael O'Leary claims Ryanair will slash fares by as much as 15 per cent over next two years. Ryanair chief executive made the vow in an interview with French newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche. He said its average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year. This would be a €6 (£4) decrease from Ryanair’s current average ticket price, he said. Mr O’Leary attributed the anticipated fare cuts to lower oil prices.
Labour leader wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers for councils. He wants to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land. Move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies', analysts say.
Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear. The victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
Bianca Rinehart, along with her brother John Hancock, lodged a Federal Court to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting. The siblings want to access records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs'McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John was told his cancer was terminal. After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon. But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days painting for as long as possible. He painted a self-portrait of himself with a bullet hole through his heart. His brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad. Andrew Chan's brother, Michael Chan, has also pleaded for clemency.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style' at home in New Orleans, Louisiana. David Pence, a manager at a New Orleans branch of the international oil firm Baker Hughes Inc, was shot three times in the chest. Nicholas was found lying on the floor of their so-called'man cave'Police arrested Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and her friend Dexter Allen, 17, on Sunday.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939. Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer. Her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, who is Joyce's cousin, has accused the Metropolitan Police of a 'cover-up'
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s. He was arrested for spreading anti-Soviet propaganda and spent 12 years in prison. Now he has been charged with making and possessing indecent images of children. He will appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on May 5 after receiving a summons.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan with 97 per cent of the vote. The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. He has been criticised by the West and human rights bodies for crackdowns on dissent.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast. The crew of the Hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the National Crime Agency's Border Policing Command.
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, spoke at a court in the city today. Her words came as jurors decide whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre. Defense lawyers for Tsarnaev have made the argument that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling.
Princess Leonore, 14-months-old, was whisked off to meet Pope Francis. Her mother, Princess Madeleine, 32, is thought to be six months pregnant with her second child. Prince Carl Philip, 35, will marry fiancee Sofia Hellqvist, 30, in Stockholm on 13th June.
Collin Burns completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds, breaking the world record. The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
Kayla Mooney, 24, of Danbury, Connecticut, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend to school officials. The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair.
Paul Gilbert said it was like having 'a manager of a football team that you don't rate, but you still support the team'Also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees and told voters: 'I don't like where we are'Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000 if elected on May 7.
Little Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. She was chosen to play baby Julia Poldark, who died from putrid throat, because of her small size. Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving hospital. Her mother, Hannah Fitt, 34, said watching the series finale brought tears to her eyes. 'It was very emotional seeing it because of what we’ve been through,' she said.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash. Mr Milstein gained access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident.
Renee Bergeron, 38, from Washington, dresses children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. Her first subject was her own son, Apollo, who was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. The church announced in a statement that moving forward the parish's talents could be'spent in areas that are less controversial'
Lib Dems admit they are on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power. Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending majorities or hope to make gains. He stopped off in Hampshire where the Lib Dems held Eastleigh after Chris Huhne was jailed. But behind the scenes, sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties'Party source said if the party had a group of MPs in the 30s it could potentially hold the balance of power.
Bonnie Suchet died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia. She was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'He has thanked those on Twitter who offered their condolences.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'As a 19-year-old college sophomore, she found herself in need of a way to pay for school. A minimum-wage job wouldn't earn her enough money, and she didn't want to take out student loans. Her best option was the sex industry.
Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is due back in court today. His defence team will begin presenting witnesses in the penalty phase of his trial. Tsarnaev killed three people and injured 260 others in the April, 2013 bombings. Last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as 'America's worst nightmare'
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948. She has visited the beauty spot three or four times a week and wrote a book about it. But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner Roy Stevenson. He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, with her car. The 81-year-old has denied hitting him and said the ban has devastated her.
Unruly passenger was removed from a Manchester-bound plane in Hurghada, Egypt. He allegedly threatened to kill other passengers and punched a bus door, a witness said. The man was removed by an armed officer, causing a delay of 40 minutes.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday. He joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham instead of Aston Villa. Mr Cameron admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past Upton Park ground the day before. It later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
A new study of Australians' spending habits reveals that 1.2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner. One in three don't pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase a month. Generation Y were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending.
Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and pinned him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey, about 60 miles southwest of Seattle.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital. Today, plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu. Hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.
Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide. President Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks. But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013. Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy. But four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients, and she'd never had cancer. The mother-of-one, who has an 18-year-old son, is taking legal action.
Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'Ms Malone, one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was told she cannot attend Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield. Her mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job. Sheffield City Council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying. Charlotte was instead offered a place at Shooters Grove Primary - two miles away.
Auckland coastguards received a call out to a homemade boat race that saw aSubaru take to the water. The race also saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and being pulled along by a dingy. One vessel capsized just outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle.
William Shatner wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California. He is hoping to raise $30 billion (£20 billion) to build the pipeline to bring water to the state. But the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts. The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in California.
Labour peer sent a 'thank you' Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday. Note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament. Police officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note after superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse.
Survivors describe a 'tsunami' of snow and ice. Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak. Survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp.
Jay Z launched a string of tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming app Tidal after the service, launched last month, was described as a flop. 'We may not be perfect - but we are determined,' he said while claiming that there are'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign'The rapper and businessman insisted that Tidal is good for all artists and not just a money-maker for the big name artists like Kanye, Rihanna and Madonna.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, is accused of raping and molesting 11 young women. He allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties at an Army careers centre in Croydon. The alleged victims, who were desperate for jobs, were often new to the country and unaware of their rights. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance. Director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show. Throughout the two-and-a-half-hour screening the audience cheered each major character's first appearance.
Three-and-a-half-year-old Baylie lost a stone and a half on a doggy diet of raw food. His owners Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds say he's now 'a different dog'Dogs are carnivores - they have evolved to eat prey, such as mice, rabbits and deer.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out with his girlfriend in a taxi. Michael Young, 56, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson. But when Mr Hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle. He suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care. Mr Hicks' family, from Bath, took Mr Young to the High Court, where a judge ruled he had unlawfully imprisoned his passenger.
Ashbrittle Yew thought to be Britain's oldest living organism may be dying. The 4,000-year-old tree is in the churchyard of the parish's Church of St John the Baptist, in Somerset. It has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy with six smaller branches. Churchwarden Charles Doble said it is 'looking extremely sick at the moment'
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27. But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change. 'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in Van Horn, Texas, a way station along Interstate 10, a full decade after he began buying land in one of Texas' largest and most remote counties. Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada. The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. Users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji. Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures. Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno.
Sydney electronic duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning, hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week. 'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read. Fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it.
Nick Clegg sets out first of his 'Premier League policies' for a second coalition. Warns he will block any cut in education spending as the price of propping up a government. Pledge would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college', which goes further than Tories or Labour have promised.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh for years. She asked in her will for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school. She left around £325,000 to the fund to help poorer pupils attend the school, where she taught. Ms Cowan also asked that Falkirk High School be given a share of her estate to set up a fund in memory of her mother.
Molly had been on a walk with owner Jane Tipper and her daughter Hannah in Eype, Dorset. She fell over the cliff's edge along with a spring lamb and rolled 150ft down a steep slope. Owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop, but had no way of reaching her. Coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her despite four hours of searching.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom. The 90-second video makes a change from the usual dramatic content normally caught by such cameras.
A 39-year-old man and a woman have been charged following a drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday. Police pulled over an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway just before 1pm. During the search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'While Elena has revealed the faces of the people her trolls, MailOnline has blurred them.
Sophia is the daughter of a lesbian couple who have two mothers. The video was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
Oscar Hernandez Jr, 24, said he was 'awful' by Aaron Hernandez's fame and 'grateful to be noticed' when the football player paid him $15,000 for three guns in April 2013. Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of Odin Lloyd, a semi-professional football player in 2013. Oscar Hernandez, a father from Belle Glen, Florida, is facing up to 30 months in prison after pleading guilty in January to transporting firearms across state lines; obstruction of justice; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights. The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service. Ms Newton faced the five stranded residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day and remembered flood victim Anne Jarmain.
Hillary Clinton has launched her campaign to be US president in January 2017. The politician, currently 67, will be 69 when she takes office if successful. She will be the country's first female president and the second oldest ever to open the White House.
State-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad. Scotland's newest hospital has been nicknamed the 'Death Star' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design, topped by a landing pad for aircraft. But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach on November 30, 2014. Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green claim the infant's remains in order to provide her with a fitting farewell. The body of the baby girl, whose mother was never found, was discovered by two boys aged six and seven who were playing in the sand after their Nippers session. NSW Police were unable to locate the family of the abandoned baby.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene. The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning. When police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on Saturday night, she was found dead. A person who was listening to a police scanner, led to Calvin's arrest.
French artist Vincent Lamouroux has painted a derelict motel in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood completely white, even coating the palm trees. The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera'The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed tied the knot on Sunday in Santa Monica mountains. Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone. Ian, 36, donned a cream suit with cornflower blue tie for the occasion.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening, 93, in court last week. Her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial in Luneburg, Germany. They said they could not forgive Mr Groening for his participation in the murders.
Nicola Sturgeon said Ed Miliband has been 'bullied' into ruling out a coalition deal. Scotland's First Minister said the Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by Tories. She called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' and said a vote-by-vote arrangement is both most likely and probably the way in which a big team of SNP MPs can wield maximum influence.
Grant Clarke, 45, suffered a brain haemorrhage in May 2012, leaving him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate. Vanessa Kennard, Marie Banwell and Sarah Corter were all charged with misconduct. But the Nursing and Midwifery Council tribunal hearing in London was told Ms Kennard was not interested in the case, and 'doesn't care what happens'She was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Mr Clarke at a rehabilitation unit at Sevenoaks Hospital in Kent.
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on the Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday for the nation's first ever PrepperCon. During the two-day expo, they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. They were also greeted by actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off.
Broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ‘rugged’ approach to traditional yoga workouts. Experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap Wetherspoons in Newbury, Berkshire for Christmas party. He agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate. But when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson was angered, shouted at his victim. Lawson'reacted in a very loud way' when colleagues, including Mr Myers, stole his onion rings.
William Schultz, 18, was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay, California. The day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on Saturday on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz.
Nicola Sturgeon said Labour leader Ed Miliband would soon 'change his tune'Her party is on course for a landslide north of the border and could hold the balance of power. Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with SNP. But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation. Critics say that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate with SNP MPs.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital Amsterdam or in one of the country's major cities. Today, it was the turn of Dordrecht, a city in the south-west of country, which was once a major trading port, as well as a military hub.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. Her mother taught her and her other daughter Lara-Jayne, 22, how to make cakes at age five. At age 13 she published her first cookbook, Amy's Baking Year, at age 13. Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
More than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for the advert to be pulled. It features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?' But the campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said it has received 216 complaints about the ad.
Avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak. Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department. First survivors were flown off Everest by aid helicopters and began sharing their incredible stories of survival.
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11. It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of Gran Canaria. The Spanish government activated an environmental emergency alert and said one beach has been cleared of oil. Clean-up operations are ongoing on three other beaches near Maspalomas.
Pritesh, 36 and Mansi Gandhi, 35, from Feltham, London, started trying for a baby ten years ago. Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, offered to carry the couple's baby - and after IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu. They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic structure, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust. It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists. One rescuer said those taking photographs of themselves and friends were not 'understanding the tragedy'
Chancellor admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark. He admitted to a crush on its female lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson. Mr Osborne said he was 'delighted' that the series had been shot in Britain. He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions to encourage makers to choose UK.
Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder after her body was found near Lake Lemon in rural Brown County, Indiana, on Friday morning. A cellphone found near Wilson's feet was traced back to Messel and police found blood in his vehicle, according to a probable cause affidavit. Spierer vanished after a night out at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington with a group of friends in 2011.
Mark Hawkins, 49, reportedly barricaded himself inside the Greyhound-style bus in the parking lot of a Walmart in Salem, Oregon, after he was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted. Hawkins, who was being hunted in Lane County for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance, allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the large vehicle. The bullet struck a police dog named Baco in the head, prompting an exchange of gunfire between officers and Hawkins. At around 6.30pm, police shot at the suspect multiple times, and he was hit and wounded by nine bullets, causing him to slide out of the bus. He was then taken to a nearby hospital, where he later died.
Researchers say three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming. They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will be responsible for 40% of extreme rainfall events. Scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
At least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central Texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth for the next several hours. More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth. Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down.
President Obama reportedly granted the CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the US ahead of planned drone strikes in January. Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike, which may have delayed it, possibly sparing the lives of Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto. The CIA was seeking to destroy an al Qaeda compound in Pakistan when the two captives were killed.
Labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration. He will say: 'We will deal with people’s concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed'But his own shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
Melbourne couple Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. The couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area. Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project had vanished, and they still haven't been able to track down the would-be benefactor.
Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day. They combined their love for running and love for each other by tying the knot at the London Marathon. Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. The charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24. They asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices and another group of similar age to judge the attractiveness of their faces.
Tyrone Sevilla and his mother Maria Sevilla have lived in Australia for eight years. The 10-year-old has lived with his mother in Townsville, Queensland, since he started school four years ago. The single mother's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'Ms Sevilla said she was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future'The Queensland government labelled the decision to deport the couple as 'cold and heartless'
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable'After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page. Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Lucy Watson, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign. The reality TV star is every inch the beach babe as she models the colourful clothes. Shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear and tropical print sun dresses.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to Israel on a small aircraft belonging to Israel's emergency rescue services (MDA)The plane had previously delivered doctors to Nepal to aid rescue efforts. Later in the day, five more infants landed in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families. Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
Debbie Holden said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family to say she was safe. She said Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill and had stopped off to recover. The TV presenter said: 'It's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. It's hard to take in what an awful situation it is'
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. She and her mother initially refused the treatment, saying they wanted to explore natural alternatives. But in January a court ruled Cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough. The state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of the teen.
Close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on Monday that she hadn't seen Bruce's bombshell news coming and neither had her close friend Kris, saying that the momager was struggling to cope with the revelations. The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since Saturday. Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build'She is believed to be with a man in his 20s in Southampton, Hampshire.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was on The Jeremy Kyle show. She accused her house-mate, convicted burglar Jamie, of stealing from her. But after a lie detector test revealed he was lying, she burst into tears and stormed off the stage.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional Chinese medicine. Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs. Dr Zhai says she has brought more than one thousand babies into the world.
The Keshwa Chaca spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas. It takes three days to rebuild the 90ft long bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told how the Olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. The couple, who had a son Burt and a daughter Cassandra, separated when she was pregnant with their second child and later divorced. Bruce, who has been married three times and who has six biological children, told Diane Sawyer that 'for all intents and purposes I am a woman' and 'can't live a lie any longer'Crownover told GMA that she was'so relieved' the world finally knows Bruce's 'big, big, big dark secret'
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood, New Hampshire on Friday. He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries. The jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old's case.
73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs. Her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on Asda forecourt in Hulme, Manchester. She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia. Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. U.S. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns. It is thought the gel will act as a barrier against infection.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. He is now well and his tumours have shrunk, but he is still taking hormone treatment. Hormone therapy starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body. The majority of prostate cancers rely on the hormone to grow.
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli, but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day. From pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service, tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day. Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others.
The 26-year-old opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire. It is the second engagement in less than four days for the Princess, who was in Reading on Friday. Beatrice, who has no official royal duties, has been criticised for her penchant for international travel.
Residents on the east coast of Japan's Hokkaido Island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight. The extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in as the 83rd U.S. attorney general on Monday, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official. She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country. 'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police.
Deputy Prime Minister says he will fight for his job 'in all circumstances'Friends of the Deputy PM have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
Personal trainer James Staring, from Fit to Last, a London-based fitness company, says there are four simple tips which can help anyone achieve an enviable stomach area. From writing a food diary to doing short bursts of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat.
Meteorologists say an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again. The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed. SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills said the organisation is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts.
Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliffhanger with the main man hauled off to jail. Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' and urge BBC to hurry up with series two. The drama has been renewed and will start filming again this autumn.
Nissan Note Mk1 named most uncomfortable car in poll of more than 60,000 drivers. Hyundai i20 and Fiat Panda also named in top ten most uncomfortable cars, with 81.1% and 81.01% respectively. Lexus has the most comfortable car with five models in the top ten, followed by Lexus GS Mk3.
Rose McGrath, 12, was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments. Her mother, Barbara, says Rose will attend Lakeview Middle School until she determines if issues can be resolved. Rose is in remission but still recovering from treatments for acute lymphoblastic leukemia diagnosed in 2012.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47. Her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales on Friday. May is charged with a single charge of murder and remanded in custody.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of Zapalnya, Bulgaria, where residents were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime. The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir, near the town of Tvardica.
Audrey Hepburn voted the most stylish Brit of all time, according to poll. Princess Diana came second, David Beckham came third and Kate Moss came in at number 10. David Bowie came in eighth place, just beating Victoria Beckham.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014, when tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland. Brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster. Tim, who broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface. A week later, he was informed he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage.
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips. But nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated. Broadcasters are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
The Only Way Is Essex star Lydia Bright met the Labour leader as part of the 'useyourvoice' campaign encouraging young people to vote. The 24-year-old said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'She said: 'He had a really great dress sense and looked very dapper. He gets my fashion seal of approval'
The EOssc2 is described as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and is designed to connect to others to form a train. It can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself. Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre in Bremen, Germany, plan on enabling it to drive itself. The car has a top speed of 40mph (65 km/h) and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a LIDAR sensor on its roof.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet. The dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period, around 145 million years ago, is named after the country where it was discovered. It belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus, from which birds today evolved - but was a vegetarian.
Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres on the Gulf Coast. Lownds has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
Febyanti Herewila has married Andrew Chan at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island. According to a family friend of Chan's, the pair wed on Monday with immediate family present. Febyanti and Chan met each other in Kerobokan prison in 2012 after a friend introduced the pair. The Indonesian had been visiting the prison as part of her role as a pastor and Chan was carrying out theological studies in the hope of becoming a minister.
Kim Richards, 50, admitted to Dr Phil McGraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16. The Real Housewife was arrested after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the hotel, Daily Mail Online can reveal. The night ended with police officers dragging the kicking and screaming reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was 'angry and frightened'
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday. A 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level. Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from a US naval ship USS Carl Vinson. Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated. The man has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, says single sex boarding schools allow girls to focus on their work rather than impressing boys. She said a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex, who are known to mature slower. She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted. Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday after he and 32-year-old Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story in Virginia. Both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2. Lewis enlisted in the United States Navy in December 2006 after having served in the U.S. Marine Corps from 2001-2005, according to his biography.
Speaking at a closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas, Bush suggested Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early. He noted that the country's government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon. Said that the comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have a negative impact on US national security in the future. Bush's concerns are in stark contrast to Obama's belief that although the contents of the agreement amay not be optimal, they are America's 'best bet'
Isa Richardson, 46, is a well-known character in Maidstone, Kent, who has a history of begging. Homeless Isa Richardson claimed she needed money because her car had broken down, a court heard. Schoolgirl told police she felt intimidated by Richardson and believed she had no choice but to hand over money. Richardson admitted her latest offence and was ordered to pay £20 to the youngster.
Ukip leader says his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats. He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'Ukip's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the North.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. We reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish. Pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers. Bell threatened to post the footage on Facebook unless he paid her £25. Bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her. Body pulled from River Trent on April 15 by specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers. It is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland. It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receiving a hard copy in the post. Films can be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years. She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. Grandmother-of-four currently has 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going? The video, aptly titled 'Gday Mate: The Sequel' can be viewed in full on Murray's YouTube page.
Temperatures set to be average for April, with showers and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the country. Sleet and snow forecast for today and tomorrow from Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms. Met Office has severe yellow ‘be aware’ ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today. More than 38,000 marathon runners in London yesterday were caught on the brink of the cold front.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves. Leaders called their plans to ride through Poland en route to commemorations of World War II a 'provocation'They vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland. The Night Wolves want to travel across Eastern Europe to honour the Red Army soldiers who died in the Allied defeat of Hitler's Germany.
SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his controversial tweets on Anzac day. McIntyre called Anzac Day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes. The AFR's Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of McIntyre and labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs'McIntyre's comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic Battle of Gallipoli.
Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank, California. The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network.
Betheny Coyne, 24, from Wigan, Lancashire, was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta, which caused her to need open heart surgery three times as a baby. Doctors warned being pregnant could have placed a fatal strain on her heart - but once again, she defied the odds. Now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children and will be getting married in February next year.
Toxicology results released Monday show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month. Tests show Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club. Abad and fellow officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez died.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft. The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'You can also measure elevation changes and see different measurement data. And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath. Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda. Pitchfork finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago. His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. They were so badly diseased that they had to be amputated. Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62.
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew. Duchess of Cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child. Prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May. Harry will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist'Houli became the first Muslim to play AFL at the top level in 2006, when he was employed by Essendon. He moved to Richmond in 2011 and has since taken on the role of multicultural ambassador for the AFL.
NEW: Leaked information is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network, according to media executives. Williams lied about being on a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade, but miraculously managed to land. He also lied about seeing a body floating through the French Quarter of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina. Williams is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from NBC Nightly News.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone. She opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the two-way mirror. Despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz told website Jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail, Oregon. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday. New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym he owned, is now closed.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed. Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers. One in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy.
Parking wardens in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too lax. Inspectors shadowed wardens three times in the towns and found plenty of infringements. Powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even.
The man, in his 50s, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City, east China. He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike. His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry. Mr Zhang, the elder of the two brothers, was taken to hospital but died shortly after.
Samantha Armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a Sunrise broadcast last month. The 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer. She congratulated Lucy on 'getting her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her'A Change.com petition has since been signed by 186 people.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940. Spitfire P9374 was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber. Plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for the next 40 years. In 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave. Plane will be auctioned for charity on July 9 and is expected to fetch up to £2.5million.
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him with a kitchen knife. Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after a heated argument over couple's lack of children. Attack came after son Yawinder-Pal ‘Monty’, 37, accused his father of ‘firing blanks’
£2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha from her husband Jeremy, the director of an investments company. It was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species under the Convention of International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES)But it didn't have the required documentation and customs officials seized it at the international mail hub, in Coventry.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love injured his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday. Love said he intends on returning to the playoffs this season and wants the NBA to review the play. Love averaged 18.3 points in the first three games and scored the first basket Sunday.
Archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls. The bones were packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook, in London, sparking the theory they could be the remains of Boudicca's rebels. Experts are questioning whether the remains were part of a gruesome ceremony. It had been thought they had got there after being eroded out of a Roman cemetery to the north - but new evidence suggests otherwise.
Ace and Holly the border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. Aoki also works as a dog trainer, and runs the Waterloo, Australia-based company Positive Dog Care.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House, Suffolk. It was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags in an 'experiment'Move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere' in the room. But it provoked fury from heritage experts who branded it'misguided'
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, according to a new wildlife survey. Of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently. There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country today, an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013.
Leah O'Brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. Ramiro Pedemonte, 19, was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor vehicle. O' Brien leaves behind two daughters, Kori and Rachel, 10; Rachel is staying with relatives.
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards. In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway. The noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings.
Map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side. Regions with many galaxies are shown in white or red, whereas regions with fewer galaxies are dark blue. It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter.
Scientists believe the hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall. Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents.
Brenda Finn, 30, from London, was 14 when she was diagnosed with alopecia universalis. She suffered from crippling anxiety and depression due to her hair loss. She was bullied at school for wearing a wig, shattering her confidence so much she left school. Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on, giving her the confidence to face the world again. Miss Finn is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the NHS, as she says it could have saved her years of emotional pain.
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money. 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients,' he said in the interview.
Selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group. Miss Dicker was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg, who died in the avalanche.
Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall. He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodied hand. Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay, Cornwall.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm. Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed she carries a pH balance urine tester kit in her handbag. The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is, and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease. Elle is well-known for her healthy diet and even released her own superfood product, The Super Elixir.
Jemma Gawned, 40, was one of the housemates on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001. The Byron Bay-based woman now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties. The 40-year-old says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will be led into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad shortly after midnight local time on Wednesday (3am AEST)Sukumaran's close supporter Ben Quilty has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop the pair's execution. The execution will likely take place in a clearing known as 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan. The Australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution. Chan has asked Salvation Army minister David Soper - a family friend - to accompany him.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states. Ginsburg has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases, cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance. She will get the chance to make her views known in the upcoming case of Obergefell v. Hodges, for which arguments will be heard from Tuesday and a decision is expected this summer.
David Curry, 49, travelled ten miles from home to visit The Wallow in Blyth, Northumberland. He was told he could not order a drink because he was wearing a pair of £40 Adidas trousers. Pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place since 2013.
Sierra Pippen, 20, allegedly urinated in the lobby of a Sheraton hotel in Iowa City, near the campus of University of Iowa, where she attends school. She was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $500 bond at about 10am.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people. It has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases. However, preservationists are arguing that it should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing.
Waze app allows users to tag locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more. Users can also share road reports on accidents, police traps, or any other hazards along the way, helping to give other users in the area a 'heads-up' about what's to come. Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion.
Mark Bellis, an honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week about the history of binge drinking. Ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years.
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in December 2012. Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. His widow, Mary, is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general, claiming he died because of ‘negligence and misfeasance’Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly. The 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer's shield. He and a protester were standing next to each other when the police line suddenly marched forward and the two men didn't move out of the way quickly enough, each being knocked to the ground.
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of genes known to be associated with petal development. They found that in mature orchid flowers, the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals. They converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing.
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra. The fronts, which are at sustained and increased risk of deforestation, are home to indigenous communities that depend on forests for their livelihoods. But they are being lost to expanding agriculture, including livestock farming, palm oil plantations and soy production, as well as small-scale farmers.
Poppy Smart, 23, from Worcester, was first whistled at by builders on her way to work. But the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual. Marketing co-ordinator said it made her walk to work in Worcester city centre an 'awful experience'One of the workers even approached her on the pavement, blocking her way, before saying 'Morning love'Miss Smart recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama. It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months. She wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers wouldn’t feel as 'clueless' as she did. One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates, 73. Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand. The bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand and tracked the containers from Kenya. The ivory was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond were on brink of lucrative new deal. But Clarkson's infamous 'fracas' with show producer Oisin Tymon led to the offer being taken away. James May, 52, revealed he had ordered a rare £200,000 Ferrari 458 Speciale before Clarkson's sacking. Clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked by the BBC last month and will not return to Top Gear.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep told People. The walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune. He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad. Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the Syrian regime. Mr Al-Assad has denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture on 4chan of him'missing' the top of the Eiffel Tower. The Belgian food blogger asked users to 'improve' the picture by connecting his finger with the tip of the famous attraction, and it didn't stop there...
The 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son Romeo, 12, in the children's marathon earlier today. Accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
Ellen Gallant was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck. Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas. Up to 100 US citizens are still missing following the disaster on Saturday.
MP passed dossier of information to Home Office in 1995 in hope it would kick-start police investigation. But paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and passed to Leicestershire Police. Labour MP Simon Danczuk is calling for Home Office to 'come clean' over dossier.
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. They were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns - 240 millionths of a metre (0.0024mm) below the surface of the tongue. Penguins lost three of the five basic vertebrate tastes - sweet, bitter and the savoury, meaty taste known as umami - more than 20 million years ago and never regained them.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to be executed on Wednesday (3am AEST)Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' on Monday night. Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo. The two men refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on Saturday, saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide. Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday at 12.25pm. Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center. Joshua Saunders was extremely remorseful and was also cooperative with authorities, according to investigators.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in Corfu in October 2006. Their father Neil Shepherd and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed by the fumes. Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day'
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after a written apology was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon. The message was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses. It was created by Rob Vance, of Skywriting Services Australia, who took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal.
Irwin Horwitz sent an email to his strategic management class telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester. In the email - he sent a similar one to administrators - he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct'The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to traditional model portfolio. Vivien's Models launched an 'influencers' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers. 'Influencers are like a captain of the ship - because there is so much information out there, people turn to models, fashion people and talent and begin liking what they are liking'
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, accidentally left his headlights on all day. He returned to his car to find an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger. Derek was able to get his car started, but when he rang the good Samaritan's doorbell, there was no answer. Derek left his own note as a thank you for the kind gesture.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and her then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos. But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them. She said her daughter had vomit across her, her hair was pulled out in parts and there was blood on her scalp.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike. He ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure she doesn't fall off.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges. She worked at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between 2004 and 2013. Ms Ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct and poor care at University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay Foundation Trust to appear before the NMC.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway on Monday at 3am. The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'The father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress in the future.
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament. She vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for the next five years without voting down the government. Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power and prop up a Labour government.
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. After the mountains of snow had passed, he managed to dig himself out and began searching for colleagues.
Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. Added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to ABC's Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing her husband, American Sniper, Chris Kyle. Chris Kyle was gunned down by Routh at a shooting range in Rough Creek, Texas, on February 2, 2013. Taya Kyle was the first witnesses called during the trial and broke down in tears on the stand when she gave evidence on the first day of the trial.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970s, died of kidney failure. He was being held at HMP Frankland, which also holds child killer Ian Huntley. In 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of Gary Hanlon, 12, and Susan Blatchford, 11, who he murdered and dumped on the edge of Epping Forest.
Tony Toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing website. He is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend and fellow playboy Dan Bilzerian.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
The Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran, with talks between top U.S. and Iranian diplomats at a United Nations conference in New York and an aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical American lawmakers and constituencies in Washington. They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here.
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on DVLA’s database, and will have to be checked online, by phone or by post. But motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist's details.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school, inquest hears. She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety. She had seen a number of doctors over several years, but her father Ankush Nigam told the inquest that she had often refused treatment. She told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life.
Guo Kai and Dong Hui, 22, had planned to get married this month. But Dong was diagnosed with bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning formal ceremony had to be postponed. Guo arranged for professional photographers to come to the hospital to take pictures.
Miriam González Durántez wore a colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central London tonight. Her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the LDNY fashion show. It was accompanied by a £560 pair of Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps on her feet and a matching thin belt defining her waist.
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone. Mark pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was last month jailed for five years.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists. This is in favour of today's chart toppers from likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith.
Kim Davies bought Llanwenarth House, near Abergavenny, Monmouthshire, for £675,000 in 2008. But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles, crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones. Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990. But shortly before his trial was scheduled to start at Newport Crown Court he pleaded guilty to illegally altering the house.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf. The monster iceberg, larger than Manhattan, was spotted breaking away from the ice shelf by the U.S. National Ice Center (NIC)It is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC. B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods at York Magistrates' Court. They decorated their flat in items such as lanterns, wreaths, trinkets and homemade gifts. The couple escaped a prison sentence but were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries.
Dr Tareq Kamleh is still allowed to practice medicine in Australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join a terrorist cult. The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia. The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly, which causes pain when she moves. She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) which means she has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the Royal baby. A 500ml tub of Royal Baby Gaga has an RSP of £19.99 and is available in pink and blue tubs.
Queen Letizia and King Felipe attended a memorial service in Barcelona today. They comforted the families of some of the victims of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps. The flight was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf with 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards. The memorial service took the form of a Catholic mass inside the Sagrada Familia basilica, designed by Antoni Gaudi.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court. He was given a three-year community order and ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and register as a sex offender for five years. Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been'scarred psychologically' by the case. Victim Support charity worker said that 'victims deserve justice'
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on the supernatural as a child. He now owns nine old dolls, which he claims each have their own personalities. The £50 dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on. Ian is single, and a vehicle image inspector, from Leicester.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17, and all 298 aboard were killed. Despite being told of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, Germany failed to pass on the warning.
Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed when the massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing more than 3,700 people. The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition. It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them, but his friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in his memory.
Bill Belichick was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. Teigen was snapped with the POTUS and FLOTUS at Satuday's big event. Her husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate'As the media shamed the 4-time Super Bowl winning coach, his girlfriend Linda Holliday put in her two cents.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday. One of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Ed Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers, curbing rent rises and giving local people priority for new homes. He also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on, triggering a drop in the value of construction firms. The move to clampdown on landbanking - where firms hold on to undeveloped sites - has proven unpopular.
Rep. Renee Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November. Aiken conceded the race to Ellmers in November after she shellacked him by a nearly 18-point margin. 'Within the next decade I will [run] again,' he said. But 'not right now. Probably before six years.'
Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rechargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160 °F) for up to 45 minutes. This gives you plenty of time to drink to finish the beverage before its gets too cold. It weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord.
David Cameron has backed the royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth. Prince William and his wife Kate chose St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London, over public care offered by the NHS. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first child, Prince George, was born at the Lindo Wing in July 2013.
USC sorority housekeeper Fannie Randle has worked at Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years. She was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape. The sorority girls raised money for Ms Randle's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe.
Network Rail forced to close a section of the tracks between Wimbledon and Surbiton. A person was struck by a train this afternoon causing disruption to services in and out of the station. South West Trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result.
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was'manifestly excessive'Dana Vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to her face, arms and torso in the attack. The 29-year-old was set alight at her Perth home on February 16, 2012. The attack left her unable to make simple movements such as straightening her elbows due to the agonising scarring. Doctors have reconstructed the scorched skin over countless operations during the past three years.
Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen over the weekend. The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial. The 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves.
Economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in the first three months of the year, down from 0.9 per cent. Tories warn Britain is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations if Labour wins.
Cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and tried to scare it out of its shell with snarls. But the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack.
BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. It uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect presence of HIV antibodies.
Mobile phone companies charge up to 20p a minute to call supposedly free 0800 numbers. Charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by telecoms watchdog, Ofcom. EE claims the plan is ill thought out and will make an already struggling industry suffer.
Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will be executed at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday. The Bali Nine ringleaders will face 12 marksmen, with only three of them holding loaded guns, in the depths of the jungle on Nusakambangan Island in Java. The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place called Nirbaya - or more appropriately known as Death Valley. They will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded before facing the firing squad who will be lined up anywhere from five to 10 metres in front of them.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley during flash floods in Dallas this week. The 25-year-old signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month and will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games. Hardy was convicted last year of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder. Holder told police that Hardy choked her, slammed her against a bathtub, threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his Charlotte condo.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter. Apple also announced an expansion of its effort to return more of its sizable cash war chest to investors. $200 billion in cash, up from around $150 billion a year ago.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday. He is believed to have suffered a heart attack after'returning from a swim'Mr Hawley's brother David said his brother was a 'bit of a fitness fanatic' and was known to lead a healthy and active lifestyle. Mr Hawley was a father to four children, Lucia, 16, Hamish, 14, James, 12, and Sybella, eight.
