A systematic search of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that educational programmes aimed at reducing the risk of asthma exacerbations were more effective than no intervention. However, more research is needed to establish which type of education program works best.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We downgraded the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, and again if it was not possible to measure the quality of the evidence. The results for primary outcomes were consistent when measured by pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity. No analysis by dose was possible.
Five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants were evaluated; all five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen.
The available evidence is inconclusive and does not support the use of electromagnetic field stimulation of long bone fractures for the treatment of delayed union and non-union of the tibia. Further studies including larger numbers of participants are needed to establish the best mode of treatment for this condition.
This review found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1831 participants which examined the same question, but which did not provide any evidence to support or refute the use of drain after laparoscopic surgery for people with acute cholecystitis who also had a history of cancer. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years, and the number of serious adverse events was the only outcome able to be combined in a standardised percentage range, with the result being less likely to be influenced by people's opinions. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective surgery for gallstones and one trial had 100 participants. This trial did not give any information from which the standard deviation could be measured and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There was no significant difference between the drain groups in short-term mortality, adverse events, and quality of life outcomes between the two intervention groups. The proportion of patients who were discharged from the hospital who had serious adverse episodes was much lower in the drain group than the 'no drain' group.
This systematic review of 49 trials, which included 3679 participants, found there is no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicines for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. The positive results from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials.
Five randomised controlled trials involving 1382 patients were included in the review. Few events were reported and the trials did not measure disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7 - 10. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials which recruited a total of 7,119 women who matched our question. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of the trials tested the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. The evidence from seven trials suggests that insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion is more likely than insertion of a surrogate but at a greater risk of pregnancy. In other studies, pregnancy was less likely immediately after insertion but expulsion rates were higher immediately after abortions.
We found only one randomised controlled trial of meditation in haematologically-diseased patients. This trial enrolled 94 participants, but only 42 participants remained in the study throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study participants and the overall quality of the evidence was rated as'very low', with the risk of bias due to missing data and the possibility of systematic error due to the lack of precision of the results. The influence of meditation on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remains unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial.
Three randomised controlled trials were identified which met the inclusion criteria for this review. The three trials included in the review varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. No included trial reported on adverse events and the risk of bias was unclear in two of the three trials. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients, who had mild disease and had fewer than 50 skin lesions.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials of the same antibiotic regimen, with 4704 participants. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials reported 14/1401 and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There was also no difference in the percentage of people who developed MRSA infections, at any body site. Overall, there is currently no evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophylactic antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. However, more research is needed in this area.
Two randomised controlled trials were included in the review but they did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between groups. Overall, the number of women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
Two methods of skin closure have been studied, and these two methods are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. There is currently no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed after caesarean section. Compared with absorbable subcutaneous sutures, non-absorbable staples are associated with similar risk of skin separation, and therefore, reclosure.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 821 participants, two trials awaiting classification and one ongoing trial. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. No studies reported cardiovascular events. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but only a small number of studies contributed to each analysis, and results were not stable to analysis. Adverse events were measured in five trials and these were unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention.
Two small trials recruiting 23 participants were included in the review. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms.
The findings of this updated review have enabled a more precise assessment of the benefits and harms of exercise for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy. This updated review provides clearer evidence to support the use of exercise on fatigue for breast and prostate cancer patients. However, more research is needed to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
We found five randomised controlled trials with 3427 people which met the inclusion criteria for this review. The overall risk of performance and detection bias was low for overall survival, but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. Five trials reported adverse events and the overall quality evidence was of low to moderate quality. Only one trial planned to measure quality of life, however, no results were reported. No analysis of male fertility was not provided. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials which met the inclusion criteria and because of multiple arms studies in which participants were put into groups at random, the results were combined. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias, while we found nine studies with a risk of being influenced by each other. We found low quality evidence that less radical, functioning conserving approaches had similar RTW rates as more radical treatments and moderate quality evidence of no differences in quality of life outcomes.
We found four randomised controlled trials which recruited more than 13,000 women and which compared women who were in labour with women who had had a history of CTSG. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by Scotland's health service. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Although not statistically significant using a strict P < 0.05 criterion, data were consistent with women allocated to admission CTG having, on average, a higher probability of an increase in the incidence of caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal deaths, and it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be able to detect such differences.
We found 32 studies of randomised controlled trials that compared the same culture media. We found that only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy and no studies reported adverse effects. The overall quality of the evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. There has been much controversy about the most appropriate embryo culture medium. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support, or refute, the use of any specific culture medium for the treatment of embryos. More, better designed studies are needed.
This review sought evidence from high quality trials of methods of communication with women with breast cancer which aimed to assess whether they were effective. However, there were no trials which met the inclusion criteria and data extraction and assessment of methodological quality was therefore not possible. Further research in this area is therefore needed.
Two new studies were included in the review, one of which was an update of a previously included study, which recruited 1006 randomised participants. The evidence from these studies suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first three months after the intervention. However, the evidence from three studies of similar quality suggested no effect on chest pain frequency, with the result being too imprecise to draw any conclusions about effectiveness. Further studies of psychological interventions with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed.
We found 30 randomised controlled trials with a total of 4344 participants comparing antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes, with the most common comparison being azelastine versus placebo (nine studies). The quality of the studies and reporting of results was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. It was possible to combine results (meta-analysis) of the results of nine trials, which showed that topical antihistamine and mast cells reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis more than placebo. There were no reported serious adverse events and no long-term data on effectiveness.
Two studies met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review and a third is ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations. No difference was found in weekly smoking, with the second study finding positive changes for tobacco use at post test, but this was not maintained at six month follow-up.
This review sought evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials that compared prophylactic and selective blood transfusion. Only one trial was identified, which recruited 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials with a total of 6197 participants that compared radio frequency dissecting to clamp-crush. We found no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, the differences were only seen in single trials, mostly of small numbers of participants. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were evaluated. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA and topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion. The ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and the standards of study design and reporting of results need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials of drugs within the loop diuretics class, which recruited a total of 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The review did not provide a good estimate of the risk of harms, with systolic and diastolic blood pressure-lowering effects likely to be overestimated, and the lack of clinically meaningful differences between the drugs in terms of blood pressure lowering.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation, which compared the use of bupivacaine in the liquid form with control. We found very low quality evidence that it reduces the pain in low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Serious adverse events were rare in the trials, but three trials reported that there were no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants of the trials. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary. None of these trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work.
We evaluated the results of 74 randomised controlled studies of people with P. falciparum and combined their results to find the highest quality studies with the highest risk of bias. We found that: Overall, the quality of the studies was variable between studies, the methods used in the studies were varied, and overall, the results were inconsistent. The results overall showed that: The results of Type 1 tests tended to be more specific and more likely to be influenced by the reporting quality of patients' blood pressure medication use; The quality of studies for Type 4 and Type 5 tests was comparable, but the results for Type 1 and Type 3 tests were similar, suggesting that these tests may not be as effective as the standardised tests. The study results for both types of tests showed substantial heterogeneity in quality and were only published in studies with a small number of participants and a limited number of trials, making it difficult to draw conclusions about the relevance of one type of test for all patients.
We found five studies conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the lack of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. We could not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the lengths of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
Three randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression. The studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events.
We found five trials to be at low risk of bias, and we downgraded the evidence to low quality, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions that were not of high quality. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre. Pooled data from five trials showed a reduction in intensive care unit mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma, but data from four trials showed no difference in mortality or in-hospital mortality.
This review sought evidence to compare the use of psychological treatments with control conditions. Only a few, small-scale randomised studies were found, which met the inclusion criteria but which did not provide clear evidence that psychological treatments are effective in controlling asthma. Further, larger, well-designed studies are needed that compare psychological treatments to standard clinical populations.
We found 25 studies, including 6785 participants overall, which addressed the question of whether antidepressants and benzodiazepines were equally well tolerated by patients with panic disorder, but only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. Very low-quality evidence suggested a benefit for antidepressants compared to antidepressants in terms of dropouts due to any cause, but long-term adverse effects were the only outcome able to be measured with confidence. We found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of patients who experienced adverse effects), but most of the studies were of low methodological quality. For these reasons, the majority of the analyses were of underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of the evidence.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were evaluated. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. More research is needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 444 participants comparing ultrasound with palpation or Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and reduces the rate of complications. The improved success rate may be more pronounced in babies and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children.
None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. Using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach, the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and serious level of imprecision.
Eight randomised controlled trials of newborn babies were found, which met the inclusion criteria for this review. The results from these studies do not support the use of either formula type for short-term growth and there is no evidence of any long-term effects of either type of formula. More research is needed to clarify and confirm these results.
We found one trial of transcervical amnioinfusion, with data from 34 women who matched our question. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. Meta-analysis of the evidence was not possible. The majority of trials in this review were of low quality. For these outcomes, we downgraded the evidence to low - with downgrading decisions based on small numbers and a lack of instructions on how to be sure of whether they were in the intervention group.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants, and revealed three different ways in which participants were put into the groups at random. Methodologically flawed studies were found in all the studies, which meant that no conclusions could be drawn from them. Further well-designed studies which compare the Mini-Cog to other brief cognitive screening tests are required in order to determine the accuracy and utility of the Mini, in community settings.
We found 19 studies that enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged, and most were male. We found no studies that had low risk of bias, mainly because amphetamines have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias in studies that used a cross-over design. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources.
We included six new studies, involving 811 participants, in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). The evidence from these studies now contains more than twice as many studies and participants than were included in the original version of this review. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitaminD across different chronic pain conditions is unlikely.
The review found that a combination of professional or quasi-professional interventions that aimed to improve patient health outcomes were more effective than no intervention in reducing diabetes-related outcomes, but which had no significant effect on patient outcomes, was only found to have some beneficial effects on the amount of medication participants were given, and there was little or no effect on the number of episodes of diabetes related to the intervention. The review also found that health professionals who were involved in the studies were more likely to be well-known to patients, and that their involvement in the study was less frequently rated.
We found the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting. The current evidence was insufficient to compare efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in women aged 25 years and younger.
Eighty-eight trials of immunotherapy were included in the review and revealed that there was a significant reduction in both asthma symptoms and medication, with some reduction in non-specific episodes of hyper-reactivity. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects could not be excluded, as immunotherapy had no consistent effect on lung function.
The review of six trials did not find any new studies which were eligible for inclusion in the update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Mortality was reduced by lung-protective ventilation but there was insufficient evidence for morbidity and long-term outcomes. Overall mortality was not significantly reduced by using a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials, makes the interpretation of the combined results difficult. The effects of ventilation with lower tidal volumes are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials with 1833 participants in this review. We determined that none of the trials were of high quality. The evidence from two trials suggests that time to emergence from anaesthetic was longer with isoflurane than with propofol, and that both techniques had similar risk of haemodynamic episodes that could go undetected.
This review found four small studies with 15,936 hypertensive subjects. Mean blood pressure was 171/86 mmHg. The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data. There were significant problems with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the methodological quality of the studies.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re-stenosis rates between those receiving and receiving angioplasty alone, but patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion episodes.
Three randomised controlled trials were identified, two of which were multicentre trials containing only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. Overall, nebulised rhDNase showed no significant benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events and temporary desaturation episodes, which may go undetected. More research is needed.
Two studies with a total of 181 participants were included in the review. One study had a small number of participants and did not report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found moderate-quality evidence of no difference between the percutaneous and cut-down femoral artery access techniques, with long-term complications and haematoma episodes equally likely to occur. More research is needed.
Two randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria. The sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. Allergic-type episodes were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse events.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelioration of cognitive deficits. Further research that tries to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and subsequently reduce the requirement for imputation procedures, may offer a higher quality evidence.
Two randomised controlled trials with a total of 26 analysed participants were included in the review. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, but the overall quality of the evidence was very low. No studies reported on quality of life or adverse events.
Two randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation) showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the combined oestrogen and progesterone groups and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death and preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes.
The review of trials found that both TCAs and SSRIs are equally well tolerated by patients with depression who have episodes of depression which may go undetected. However, more research is needed to establish which treatment option is best for depression patients.
No new studies were found for this update. Nine included studies compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparisons, and nine trials with other types of antiemetic. All studies treated single doses of medication. The higher dose was better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not 2-hour headache relief. Adverse events were the most frequently reported outcome: loss of blood pressure control.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials with a total of 397 participants. Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials, our ability to perform a meta-analyses of the results was limited. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
This review sought evidence to assess the short-term benefits and harms of second-line treatments for patients with HIV who have had treatment with a WHO-recommended treatment. Only two randomised trials were found, which met the inclusion criteria. One randomised trial in 136 patients and two observational studies of low quality suggest no difference in virological suppression between those participants who maintained lamivudine and those who did not receive the treatment, but did show an increase in viral suppression among those participants given boosted protease inhibitors (PIs). More, better quality research is needed.
We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of tests. We found that all tested methods had similar risks of bias, with patients being put into the treatment group at random, and that no evidence of benefit was found with the modified Mallampati test.
The aim of this review was to assess the safety and effectiveness of probiotics in adults with acute diarrhoea. Only a few, small-scale randomised studies were found, which met the inclusion criteria, which recruited a total of 8014 babies and young children. These studies were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and had a range of potential sources of bias. The overall results of the studies were combined to see whether they were conducted in a way that ensures all participants still receive the minimum standard of care in their local setting. The results of these studies varied widely in methodology and assessment tools used, as well as in the risk of bias, which suggests that the results may not be reliable. More research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
This review sought evidence to compare the benefits and harms of this newly-formulated treatment with standard care. Only one study was found, which recruited 52 randomised participants with primary oesophageal cancer of any cell type. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care versus standard care, and found mixed results. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group in the short term, with slight favour of the control group at medium term. These results did not reach statistical significance.
We included eight randomised controlled studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced adverse events. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. Serious adverse events were more common with pregabalin than placebo, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema episodes.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial of magnesium sulphate in women with preterm babies. The trial did not report any of the primary outcomes and there was no significant difference between treatment groups in terms of risk of intra-amniotic infection (low blood pressure). The trial was conducted and reported appropriately, but there continues to be conflicting evidence among the multiple studies.
This review sought evidence to investigate the effectiveness of smoking cessation programmes specifically aimed at preventing people from taking up smoking. Only four studies met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review, which reported four different forms of treatment for smoking cessation. Two studies used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies while the remaining two received counselling by doctors who trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention, however, more research is needed to draw a final conclusion.
We included 13 randomised controlled studies of 5686 patients. We judged the risk of bias in these studies to be about 50% in the included studies and at low risk in 25% to 30% of the studies. Regardless of the high risk of performance bias these studies had in the meta-analysis. The evidence found that use of a PAC did not alter the mortality, general ICU or hospital LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use.
Six randomised controlled trials of mixed quality were included in the review. A composite outcome of Infant Pain Scale (NIPS), Neonatal Facial Action Coding System (NFCS), Mini-MND (SMD) and/or Paracetamol was calculated. Meta-analysis of these studies showed a significant reduction in the venepuncture versus the heel lance group. The use of a sweet tasting solution prior to the procedure also reduced the chances of having a repeat skin puncture, but was associated with an increased risk of bleeding. More research is needed.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound have been included in the review. Based on these studies there is currently insufficient evidence to either support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. There is a need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
Although we included 18 randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 2521 participants, in this review, in an attempt to answer our question regarding effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for preventing and treating influenza, in only three trials did not find any significant differences between the drugs in preventing influenza, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the superiority of one treatment option over another. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of participants are needed.
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 580 participants which examined the same interventions: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo, fibrin sheath stripping versus over-the-wire catheter exchange and alteplase versus urokinase. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study designs, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Based on the available evidence, there is insufficient evidence to suggest which treatment option is best for people with HD catheter dysfunction. There is also no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis adequacy or risk of adverse events.
The review of 17 trials suggests a statistically significant advantage for tumour response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression. Where measured, acute toxicities were more common with the addition of a drug.
Ten random or quasi-random controlled trials with a total of 1896 patients were included in the review. Mortality, renal failure, renal recovery, and length of stay did not differ between studies but there was a larger risk of increased chances of dying from the intervention. More research is needed.
We found 11 studies with a total of 414 participants that compared therapeutic ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention. The risk of bias was unclear in some studies and unclear in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen over another. More adverse events data are needed before any firm conclusions can be made.
Eight randomised controlled trials with approximately 10,000 participants were included in this review. The evidence from these studies suggests that statin therapy in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA effectively reduces the risk of stroke recurrence but there is no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
This review investigates whether mass media campaigns which aim to reduce smoking behaviour in adults can be effective in changing people's attitudes to smoking. By mass media, we mean programmes which consist of multiple non-pharmacological components including talking to people who have quit smoking. We found eight studies of varying quality which met the inclusion criteria. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour. Overall, there is evidence from eight studies which reported the percentage of people who quit smoking, which ranged from little or no effect to a significant reduction in smoking prevalence. The quality of the evidence in three studies of the eight studies was variable, one of which showed positive results up to eight years after the start of the programme. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
This review of 17 studies, which included 2166 participants, found that yoga may be as effective as other exercise programmes in improving health-related quality of life and reducing fatigue and sleep disturbance episodes. However, there was not enough evidence to say whether yoga was more effective than other forms of exercise therapy such as swimming, gymnastics, cycling, weights and cycling.
We found one single-institution study of 125 people who had surgery for glioma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no post-operative imaging with respect to overall survival, and there was no difference in survival between the groups. The effect of different imaging strategies on survival and other health outcomes remains unclear.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Clinically important improvements were measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There were no useable data for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of treatment comparisons.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics and immunosuppressive treatments with azathioprine/6MP was associated with a significantly reduced risk of clinical recurrence and severe endoscopic recurrence, but had a higher risk of serious adverse events.
We found seven randomised controlled trials with a total of825 participants that examined psychosocial interventions aimed at reducing alcohol use among people who use illicit drugs. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias, and the evidence for the primary outcomes was of very low quality. The quality of evidence was moderate for both primary outcomes and for any of the secondary outcomes. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different approaches in reducing alcohol consumption, and that brief interventions are not superior.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1586 participants from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. Compared to placebo, quinine effectively reduced the number of cramp episodes by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on quinines than placebo, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms.
We found seven randomised controlled trials of people with pregnancy-associated leg cramps which recruited a total of 406 participants who also had a history of stroke. The single study comparing magnesium to no treatment did not find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials testing studies of magnesium to placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. The percentage of individuals who experienced a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, but no statistically significant difference was found between those participants given magnesium and those given placebo. More research is needed.
We found one randomised trial of combined strength and aerobic exercise training in 14 ambulatory people with SMA who matched our question. The trial was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a risk of bias. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the participants did not follow the advice and continued to be overweight.
Two small trials were included in the review and they had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the results of this review and on our confidence in them.
Nine studies met the inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care. Two studies reported deaths and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits.
We found 84 studies with 22,872 participants, with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Moreover, the statistically significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by chance. Subgroup analyses showed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes, for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. None of the studies reported harms related to MI.
We found 29 studies of randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 2210 participants with asthma, and which reported results ranging from 2 to 26 weeks. Inhaler technique education and multi-media training interventions were also used in some studies. Most studies had a high risk of bias because of the possibility of bias from people who thought they were in the intervention group, who may have had asthma at the start of the study. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality. We found no evidence about harms.
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were evaluated. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials evaluated patients with CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects of mannitol could be proved. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, which did not differ significantly between treatment groups, and no statistically significant differences were found between the treatment and control groups. The confidence intervals for the treatment effect estimates were wide and included both clinically significant benefits and clinically significant harms as possibilities.
Six trials were evaluated, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed for treatment compared to placebo for all three-dose ranges and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was -10.6 mm/hr.
We found four randomised controlled trials of Chinese herbs, including Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), which met our inclusion criteria. All of studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. None of the studies reported primary outcomes using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia and a significant increase in immunoglobulins.
Three randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. None of the trials had protocols available, so there was an unclear risk of bias in one trial. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by any of the other trials. Based on the results of three trials, which represent all the available evidence for inclusion, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. Future trials should take into account changes in visual field and other outcome measures from trials included in this review, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating the sample sizes to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We found three randomised controlled trials which recruited a total of 414 workers with inflammatory arthritis. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and the overall quality of the evidence was very low. Of the two trials investigating job loss, the larger one showed a large statistically significant reduction in job loss. The other trials showed marked differences in how they performed on risk of bias items, particularly on performance bias. Overall, we evaluated the two smaller trials as having a high risk of systematic errors, and the other trials's results were uncertain. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up and there was a moderate improvement of work functioning at the same time point. This Cochrane review of three trials found very low quality evidence overall for job loss prevention interventions. While further high quality trials are required, the results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
Three randomised controlled trials with a total of 285 babies were identified. The evidence from these studies suggests that administration of arginine to preterm babies may prevent the development of NEC (any stage). However, the data available in this review do not support these findings.
No new trials were found for inclusion in this update. Four trials involving 1943 participants with acute sinitis met the inclusion criteria. The trials were well-designed and double-blinded and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. In conclusion, current evidence is limited for acute sinusitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy but supports the use of INCS as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
The review of trials found insufficient evidence to assess whether or not prophylactic vancomycin prevents the development of resistant organisms in low birthweight babies. Mortality, length of stay, and evidence of adverse effects did not differ between the two intervention groups. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures in the infusate may have failed to grow, and more research is needed.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials of either aloe vera or gauze for postoperative wounds. We found only small, poor quality trials; therefore, there is insufficient evidence to decide whether the choice of dressing or topical agent helps the healing of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials of either oral contraceptives (COCs), or of progestin-only pills (POPs), and of the etonogestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). Five trials of the same design were included in the review and reported results from 1482 women. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. One trial did not measure the other studies' results. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs.
No randomised controlled trials were identified but 10 controlled before-after studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA met the inclusion criteria. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions could be explained by the play of chance.
Four randomised controlled studies with a total of 494 participants were included in the review. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram, with the number of participants increasing by 50%. No difference was found in major bleeding episodes, recurrent venous thromboembolism, and minor bleeding episodes. The review authors analyzed each study separately because it was not possible to perform a subgroup analysis by inpatient or outpatient status.
Seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 555 participants were included in the review. The end of follow-up of trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with conventional care. The overall certainty of the evidence was very low. We found limited evidence that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care in preventing delirium and in reducing the length of stay for people with dementia who have had hip fracture. There was also low-certainty evidence that, compared to orthopaedic-led management, interventions by geriatrician-led staff may lead to shorter hospital stays. However, the evidence from only a small number of trials was of very imprecise and we could not draw no conclusions for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life.
The review of trials found that there is currently insufficient evidence to assess whether home-based parenting programmes which aim to reduce hospitalisation for children with acute and chronic illnesses are effective in doing so have an effect on physical health. Further trials including larger numbers of children and using standardised methods to measure quality of life outcomes will help to provide more robust evidence to inform this key area of care.
We included data from 40 randomised controlled trials that compared ICM versus standard care in this review. We found that ICM may reduce the number of days in hospital, but may have little or no effect on deaths or other long-term effects. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvements in mental state.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis. All but one trial were at high risk of bias. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training with no supplementary training. None of the secondary outcomes were measured in the trials. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). Laparoscopic box model training appears to improve technical skills compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. However, there was no significant difference in the time taken to complete the task between the intervention and control groups.
Two randomised clinical trials were eligible for inclusion. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosterosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroids via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review identified 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 284 participants. Seven trials addressed the timing of support (early versus delayed), data on mortality were obtained for all seven trials and the overall risk of disability was the highest for those participants who received parenteral nutrition. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required.
We found 57 studies which recruited a total of 34,390 participants. The evidence from fewer studies suggested there may be little or no difference in alcohol consumption between digital and face-to-face interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (3/20). No studies reported whether any adverse effects were caused by the interventions.
We found 24 studies, which recruited a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo, with the remaining 634 participants receiving other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We judged the evidence for the other secondary outcomes as of very low quality. The results of this review therefore provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective.
The review of 13 trials found that there was only limited evidence to support the use of tai chi for the primary prevention of CVD risk, with a total of 1520 participants and three ongoing trials. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term. The other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome.
Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials were included in the review. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of the evidence was downgraded to moderate. Of the three studies with data, two studies in which some of the participants already had smoking experience did not detect evidence of an effect. The other five studies did not report data in a format that allowed inclusion in the meta-analysis. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity programmes used independently of school interventions.
Three randomised controlled studies met the inclusion criteria, enrolling 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and corticosteroid, with data at eight days. The trials were of good quality, but there were too small to draw any conclusions about effectiveness. Subgroup analysis according to type of cancer was not possible due to insufficient data.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) in the review. Three studies included HIV-infected children, four studies involving sickle cell disease and one with low birth weight babies with underlying respiratory disorders. The studies duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis or cancer was moderate. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth was inconsistent across the studies. There was a significant reduction in the frequency of pulmonary exacerbations with co-trimoxazol, however, there was no significant increase in the risk of infection episodes with antibiotic treatment. The one study of children with sickle cells had the highest risk of developing a severe bowel disorder, but there was little or no evidence of increased risk of other serious adverse events with antibiotic intervention.
We included nine randomised controlled trials, randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum. We found that there was insufficient evidence from three trials to determine whether nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air had the same effect on cardiopulmonary complications as carbon dioxide. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) with the same results. The evidence from one trial of small number of participants suggests that room air may reduce hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. None of the trials was at low risk of bias.
The review of 14 randomised controlled trials found that there was only limited evidence to support the use of a moderate or high-dosage corticosteroid for the prevention of BPD in preterm babies, with no evidence of benefit in terms of decreasing chances of death or of abnormal development. More, better designed studies are needed.
No new studies were included in this update. Overall there were no observed significant differences in risk of cardiac disease between corticosteroid-treated and aspirin-treated groups. The three studies reporting on adverse events had substantial risk of bias, so results should be viewed with caution. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
Six randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of insecticides were included in the review. Two studies found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with insecticide spray compared to no intervention but another study did not find that insecticides are effective in reducing the number of flies, although there is some evidence from two trials suggesting that they may reduce the risk of infection. Another study found that health education programmes aimed at reducing trachomas were not effective but may play a role in promoting healthy lifestyles. Generally there is a dearth of data to allow sound conclusions about the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of transmissible diseases.
This review sought evidence to compare a form of psychological treatment with usual care. Fiveteen studies involving 1043 people were found, but the results were inconsistent. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are needed to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We found only one low-quality trial of vitamin D supplementation in children and adults with sickle cell disease which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. The trial was conducted and reported appropriately, but the quality of the evidence was of low to moderate quality. There was no significant difference of adverse events between the vitamin D and placebo groups and the frequency of pain was comparable. However, the trial was of high methodological quality and recognisable as a double-blind trial. Therefore, the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice.
We found only one randomised controlled trial of two different interventions for children aged 4 to 12 years, with idiopathic cancer of unknown cause, which compared the interventions in a university clinic in Australia. The trial was of good quality, but of imprecise. However, it had some serious methodological flaws which limit the strength of the overall findings. The study did not measure functional communication. Further studies with larger numbers of children are needed to clarify and confirm the effectiveness of either treatment.
We found four randomised controlled trials of people with acute and chronic toxoplasma retinochoroiditis which recruited a total of 268 participants. In all four studies antibiotic treatment was administered orally. Only the study in Brazil of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole over 12 months, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be at a mixture of low or unclear risk of bias due to poor reporting. The UK study of pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks reported an improvement in intraocular inflammation in treated participants compared with control conditions but did not describe how long it lasted and whether it was caused by the antibiotic or to which treatment was compared. In the US study of pump-forming alginate reflux for eight months, people who were treated with antibiotics had a slightly worse quality of life but still had poor vision impairment which may not be an effective measure of whether antibiotics are effective. The study of people given steroids for 12 months reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparison group than in the control group but could not explain how this difference between groups was measured.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials containing mainly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures. We found sufficient evidence from 10 trials to show that there were few, small differences between the different designs of intramedullary nails, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the superiority of one type of nail over another. More studies are needed to confirm or reject these differences.
We searched for evidence from high quality studies comparing the two forms of surgery but only one study met the inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery or medical management with Octreotide and reported overall survival, perioperative mortality and morbidity. We found only low quality evidence which does not support the use of either treatment option. Quality of life was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented.
Four trials were included in the review and found that there was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation, or that they had no significant effect on body mass index. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the studies. More research is needed to assess the effectiveness of statins in women with PCOS.
We searched for evidence from high quality trials of women with advanced cervical cancer which compared the use of radiotherapy with radiotherapy. We found 1522 studies of which we excluded 1330 because of their use in women with cervical cancer. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none satisfied the inclusion criteria. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding, which reported no evidence from controlled trials to support, or refute, any of the interventions.
Three randomised controlled trials were identified, enrolling a total of 745 patients, that investigated the effectiveness of temozolomide versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme. In recurrent GBM, two trials enrolling 672 patients in total found that radiotherapy did not result in faster progression of the tumour and it did not increase the risk of haematological episodes, but was associated with a greater risk of bleeding. Adverse events were the only outcome able to be combined in a single trial and these were more likely to be caused by people with active oesophageal cancer.
Two studies met the inclusion criteria for the review. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting-in has not been conclusively shown to have an effect on population health outcomes.
Three randomised controlled studies involving 123 people were included in the review. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but the results suggest that surgical treatment is preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of ICU stay. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are needed to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
We included 50 randomised controlled trials of people with and without cardiovascular disease and found that cerivastatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin in reducing both total cholesterol and triglyceride lowering, with a risk of bias due to its use in people with both normal and atrial cancer. There was no dose-related risk of adverse effects, but the overall results were comparable. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be high.
The review of trials found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, length of hospital stay, and all-cause mortality episodes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials of interventions that aimed to reduce fatigue after stroke, but which did not show any benefit from a public health point of view. We found 12 trials with 703 participants which met the inclusion criteria, which included five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions, which were a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF, but may play a role in promoting adaptive behaviours.
Three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm babies, met the inclusion criteria for this review. In none of the trials could we determine which treatment group the babies were in, and the results were not fully reported. The combination of insulin and glucose and albuterol inhalation was found to be more effective than that of diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium. More research is needed.
Twelve randomised controlled trials were found to be eligible for inclusion in this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. One trial involving 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by IVIG with immuno absorption alone did not show any extra benefit from the combined treatment. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset.
The review of trials found that while there may be some support for the use of a high fraction of inspired oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery, more evidence is lacking to support this practice. Further randomized clinical trials with low risk of bias, enrolling larger numbers of participants and reporting the results in the same ways, are needed to establish the most reliable estimate of the risk of adverse events caused by inspired oxygen.
Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We found evidence from six trials, including 484 children, suggesting that children treated with oral antibiotics were more likely to have complete resolution of their OME than those given control treatment. The beneficial effects of oral antibiotics on short-term hearing episodes were uncertain and low quality evidence did not show that they were associated with fewer ventilation tube insertions. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials reported on hearing levels at two to four weeks and we found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life.
The review of trials found that reducing protein intake in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted in a non-significant reduction in the rate of renal failure but did not slow the disease progression. The review also found no data on health-related quality of life and costs. More research is needed.
We found 19 studies of good quality and seven studies of lower quality, which met the inclusion criteria for the review. We found that patients with moderate to severe brain injury who received the intervention suggested to recover better than those who received no intervention, and this difference between groups of patients was found after the intervention was completed and for some time thereafter. Intensive treatment of patients with ABI was also associated with earlier gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence.
We found four randomised controlled trials of women who had had a baby before term. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. The trial authors reported the overall median duration of any breastfeeding to be four months, with no difference found between groups. Duration of exclusive breastfeeding and the proportion of babies who exclusively breastfeed were all the same. There was no difference between the two intervention groups in terms of frequency of breastfeeding. The rate of exclusive feeding on day four postpartum before discharge from hospital was significantly higher in the rooming-in group 86% (99 of 115) compared with separate care group, 45% (17 of 38), and risk of intra-amniotic infection was the only outcome able to be compared between the intervention groups, and this outcome was the most likely outcome for both groups.
Eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants were evaluated. Seven trials were of poor quality. The total case fatality rate was less than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sanchi might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference. However, more well-designed randomized controlled trials are needed.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials were included in the review but only seven trials involving a total of 126 patients could be included. The evidence from these trials does not enough to decide whether there is a need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets and whether any of the augmentation techniques are superior to the others. There is a hint that immediate and immediate-delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants, and the aesthetic outcome may be worse when placed implants just after teeth extraction.
Two randomised controlled trials of the same compound were identified. One trial compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo (control group). There was no significant difference in cognition between the active treatment and placebo groups. The second trial of PBT2 was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials with 2999 participants that compared PDE5 inhibitors to placebo or other PAH-specific therapy, with some as long as 12 months of treatment. Two trials specifically included children. The number of deaths in these studies was 32, and the number of serious adverse events (less than 1 in 10) was 1,000. We found no evidence of a difference between the groups in terms of lung injury severity, with the risk of worsening of hypoxia episodes, gastrointestinal upset, and muscle injury episodes. The data were of low quality, with evidence of imprecision, inconsistency, and risk of bias due to the small number of studies and outcomes, which means it is difficult to draw any conclusions about effectiveness and safety of the interventions.
We included one new trial which recruited 45 randomised participants with regional anaesthetic for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. In total we found 22 trials involving 2193 participants that received the transarterial pump. 'Risk of bias' assessment indicated that trial design and conduct were generally adequate; the most common areas of weakness were in blinding and allocation concealment. Compared with multiple injections, the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injections but there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
We included three randomised controlled studies of children with mild-moderate asthma where beclomethasone was used instead of a placebo or non-steroidal asthma treatment. In all three studies, a significant decrease in growth rates occurred, which lasted for seven to 12 months, compared to those receiving medication or receiving no steroids. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.54 cm per year, which is a significantly lower growth rate than the control group.
Three randomised controlled trials with a total of 139 patients were identified. The trials did not show any difference between the modalities in terms of mortality, renal function, risk of peritonitis and hospitalisation episodes. However, the trials did show an increase in activity in patients on APD during the course of the study. This evidence should be interpreted with caution in the context of the significant heterogeneity of the studies and the methodological quality of the trials.
The review of trials found that: 15 trials with 3343 participants were superior to RT, 16 trials with 2861 participants and 10 trials with 3221 participants. The overall quality of trials was variable, with the risk of bias due to the small number of studies and small numbers of trials, making it difficult to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of any treatment option. The risk of SM was the only outcome able to be taken as a guide for quality, and it was the most frequently reported outcome: progression of the SM line (i.e. by patients with primary oesophageal cancer).
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. The three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Many minor adverse events occurred, but serious adverse events were rare.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. We found very low-certainty evidence on the risk of serious adverse events, which spanned both benefit and harm, and the quality of the evidence was very low. The trial was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) was completed.
Six randomised controlled trials were included in the review. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review of 11 trials, which included 855 participants, found there is only limited evidence to support the routine application of postural restrictions during the Epley manoeuvre, and there is insufficient evidence of benefit of mastoid oscillation for the treatment of people with typical BPPV, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the effectiveness of either treatment option. More research is needed.
The review of four studies, which recruited a total of 231 participants, found that the evidence is of very low quality. No studies were at low risk of bias. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life measurements. The most common complications were episodes of endoscopic (severe) and olfactory (moderate) episodes. More research is needed to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of surgery versus medical treatment for adults with chronic rhinosinusitis.
We found eight randomised controlled trials with a total of709 participants from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is a public health problem. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies reported data on zinc deficiency. We found evidence that foods fortified with zinc increased serum or plasma zinc levels more than foods without zinc. However, there was little or no evidence to support the use of zinc as a treatment for underweight and underweight episodes.
Using non-steroidal antiandrogens decreased overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure in men with metastatic disease. The risk of other adverse events, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and fatigue, remains unclear.
Eight eligible trials were identified. We found that breast cancer mortality was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The trials with adequate randomisation did not find an effect of screening on total cancer mortality, including breast cancer, after 10 years, and there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy after 13 years.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. The evidence from three studies suggested 10,000 units hCG compared to no priming, but the evidence from the fourth study did not provide sufficient evidence to enable us to calculate the odds ratios. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions (low quality evidence), and we could not properly assess the safety of hCG priming.
The review of trials found that there is only limited evidence to support the use of ERT or HRT in older postmenopausal women without cognitive impairment which may or may lead to an increase in chances of cognitive impairment over time. There is not enough evidence to decide whether or not these interventions are effective.
Two randomised controlled trials with 880 participants were identified. None of the studies were of high quality. The short follow-up period and the very low quality evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Current evidence is not strong enough to demonstrate important differences between inhalers in terms of effects, nor to establish that once-daily fluticasone/vilanterol 100/25 mcg are equivalent.
The review of trials suggests that SRIs and CBT may be as effective as placebo but at the cost of greater toxicity, with potential for bias due to their use in only a small number of studies and a limited number of participants. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about effectiveness and safety of these approaches for treating patients with BDD.
Three randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effect of cotrimoxazole were included in this review. Meta-analysis of these studies found a beneficial effect of using a desensitization protocol over a rechallenge protocol for preventing discontinuation of treatment for opportunistic infections, fewer treatment discontinuations, and a reduction in risk of overall hypersensitivity episodes. However, further trials with larger numbers of patients are urgently needed to establish the most appropriate treatment for all outcomes.
Three randomised controlled trials enrolling 148 babies were included in the review. Using different sedation scales, each study showed a statistically significantly higher sedative level in the midazolam group compared with the placebo (placebo) group. However, none of the studies have been validated in preterm babies; therefore, we could not ascertain the effectiveness of interventions for babies born before term. The evidence from these studies is current to August 2019. More research is needed.
Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included in the review. We found no convincing evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS.
We found 23 studies that evaluated the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The studies included in this review were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, and the origin of infection. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2.
We found 11 studies with a total of 5718 people, which met the inclusion criteria for the review. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of bias and imprecision. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
Two randomised controlled trials were included in the review. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo but the other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The other trial did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence were excluded from the study.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 5280 participants. Seven studies were RCTs addressing different anthracycline infusion durations; we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the trials in this update. The meta-analysis of trials showed a statistically significant lower rate of clinical heart failure with an infusion duration of six hours or longer as compared to a shorter infusion duration. The majority of participants in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. We found no significant difference in the occurrence of cardiovascular heart failure between the intervention groups.
We included 37 eligible trials with a total of 3110 randomised participants; nine of these were new studies since the last update of the review and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. We identified two ongoing studies from searches of clinical trials registers and database searches and two studies await classification. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies began treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Studies were generally poorly reported and we could not assess risk of bias accurately.
Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, were identified. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not reach level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (level 2), based on the non-combined findings from three studies, which suggested that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning.
Three randomised controlled trials with a total of 206 participants were evaluated. All three trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE. No data on behaviour and death were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL.
Seven randomised controlled trials of 960 participants were identified. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the evidence. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and the number of post-operative haematoma aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of hospital stay in the drained population.
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included in the review. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan-3-ols reduced the risk of both CRC and colorectal neoplasms. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. A statistically significant reduced risk of CRC was found with high intake of epicatechin, but there was insufficient evidence to support the idea that increasing intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could reduce the incidence of CRC.
Seven randomised controlled trials with 1369 participants were included in this review. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. The end of treatment was not significantly different between the two treatment groups. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending the treatment period for slow responders.
Two small studies met the inclusion criteria for the review. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability of pancreatic cancers. The overall risk of bias was unclear in one study and unclear or high in the second study. Based on these two studies, which represent the only studies included in the review, there is no evidence to suggest that EUS is a useful treatment for pancreatic cancer, periampullary cancer or both, with a positive or negative outcome after surgery.
We found 34 randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effectiveness of any kind of treatment for blepharitis, with a total of 2.9 million participants. We found no strong evidence for or against the following treatments: topical antibiotics, which may help prevent infection, and warm compresses and eyelid margin washing. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, is inconclusive.
We found one randomised controlled trial of photodynamic therapy in a child with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis which recruited a total of 23 participants. The trial was of very low quality. Adverse events were rarely reported, but a small number of children who had had surgery had a history of asthma which meant that they might have a slightly higher risk of having a stroke. More high-quality trials are needed.
This review identified 42 studies with 4220 participants that compared the use of CDUS with a standardised measure of endoleak. Sixteen studies of moderate to low quality evaluated the accuracy of the reference standard, and four studies of uncertain quality did not. In all studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; and in two studies the results of the trials were not fully reported.
We included seven randomised controlled studies, involving 766 participants, of interventions that aimed to relieve low back pain in women who have had deliveries. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Further large, method rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in labour.
We found 12 studies with 1932 participants that compared synthetic glue with suture. The overall results showed that the postoperative chronic pain was reduced by 37% compared with the suture group. There were no significant differences between the two intervention groups and the risk of adverse events was the only outcome able to be measured with confidence. Based on these short-term results, the quality of the evidence should be rated as moderate to low. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should be measured in future studies of similar quality.
This review sought evidence from high quality studies of the effects of technical editing on the quality of submissions to biomedical journals. Only three studies were found, which met the inclusion criteria, but these studies had some serious methodological flaws which limit the strength of the findings. Although there are some promising results from one study of a journal-based study, the evidence from two other studies testing the same question studies did not confirm these. More, better quality research is needed.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. There were no data for children.
This review identified 12 randomised controlled trials of 563 people aged six to 35 years and the majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after its conclusion. The overall risk of bias was unclear for selective reporting, unclear for allocation concealment, blinding of personnel and mixed for patient knowledge. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, but the effect on caregivers' knowledge was small. No effects were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 2411 participants, which compared add-on brivaracetam with placebo. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and we found four to have unclear evidence. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. The evidence from the six studies included in the review is current to August 2019. It is important to note that only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other five trials’ reporting of outcomes was inconsistent. One study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which examined mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some studies focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high confidence). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trials addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or to parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants, which met the inclusion criteria for the review. Seven trials had been identified in the previous version of the review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. The results of this review suggest that treatment by a non-eating-disorder specialist may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. However, there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome. There were also differences in body mass index and overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies. There was a suggestion that dietary advice given by a control group might be more effective than TAU, but this was based on just one trial. None of the trials identified any adverse effects.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in the review and recruited a total of 516 participants. The first two trials were conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials; the second two trials randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the third trial enrolled 271 adults who were given either silicone or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil versus standard silicone oil. There were no significant differences between the two agents in terms of visual acuity, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the superiority of either method of treatment for people with PVR. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trials masked outcome assessors. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment.
We found five randomised controlled trials with 1819 women that compared planned early delivery with no intervention. There was not enough information to draw any clear results. Planned early delivery was associated with higher risk of intra-amniotic infection (less likely to be well tolerated by mothers and babies), with fewer chances of having a stillbirth and with a greater risk of a decrease in birth rates. There were no clear differences between the intervention groups for the number of deliveries and outcomes of the mother and baby, but there were differences in the risk of respiratory distress syndrome and low blood pressure episodes. The evidence from two of these studies was combined to see whether they were equally likely to happen at the same time, but the evidence from one study suggested that it was more likely that the baby of a woman who was due to be delivered before term would have the same risk of infection as the mother who received the intervention. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. More research is needed to look at the different types of hypertensive diseases and the optimal timing of delivery for these conditions.
Six randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Two studies compared prophylactic clotting factor administration with on-demand treatment. Pooled results from these two studies showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.76) for all bleedings and 0.63) for joint bleedings in children with hemophilia. The other four studies evaluated the frequency of joint bleeding, with no strong evidence to suggest an advantage of one treatment over the other in terms of bleeding frequency.
We included one new study of a patient with BL which recruited a total of 1824 participants. In total, 13 trials involving 732 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions in the studies. Overall survival was measured more often in two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment groups.
This review sought evidence to compare the use of IM and IV for the treatment of RhD. Only two studies were found, which met the inclusion criteria. Both studies were of good quality and made attempts to reduce potential sources of bias. However, the studies included in the review were small and at a risk of bias, making it difficult to draw conclusions about effectiveness.
Eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 21,379 patients were evaluated. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or compared clopidogrel in combination with aspirin to aspirin alone. Overall, the risk of bias of the trials was low and most trials did not report outcomes for patients with diabetes separately. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available in three trials and overall there were no data on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events or risk of CVD.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention and one a three-month intervention. The other three trials evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance and overnight ventilatory support. We found no clear evidence to support the use of either method of maintaining healthy lung function, but there was some evidence of increased risk of infection in people with cystic fibrosis during sleep. The same holds for people with exercise.
Two new long-term studies of people with COPD have been included in the review and these did not show significant improvements in blood gases, renal recovery, and lung function. However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPV in COPD.
We found four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women. It was not possible to blind women and staff to the intervention, but there were some imprecise results that made it difficult to draw firm conclusions about whether induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia is a good measure of success. The results of the trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women.
We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants that reported no deaths, and nine trials that reported deaths but did not report which intervention group the mortality occurred. The remaining eight trials randomlyised 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years, and the mean proportion of women in the trials was 77%. We did not find any statistically significant differences between trials in terms of mortality, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the influence of vitamin D on mortality.
The review of trials found that immunotherapy with fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can reduce weight by 5.1 kg over 12 to 57 weeks. Gastrointestinal disturbance episodes were the most frequently reported outcome: tremor, drowsiness, and loss of blood pressure. The review also found that the weight loss was modest, but long-term effects are unclear.
We included five studies of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. We found no significant differences between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission from randomisation, but there was a risk of visual field defects that could go undetected.
We found four randomised controlled trials which recruited 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two more trials which added plerixafor to the G-CSF mobilisation regimen terminated early without reporting any outcome. The evidence from these three trials was limited, and there was insufficient evidence from the other two trials to answer the question regarding survival and adverse events.
This review found some evidence that weighted vaginal cones may be better than no active treatment in women with SUI, but the evidence was small and compared different interventions. Outcome measures were also different in each trial, making the results difficult to combine.
This review investigates the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT.Eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients were included in the review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety, depression, and anger related to TTR, compared with usual care. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict was less positive.
The review of trials found that while PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries (including sustained release preparations) may increase the chance of vaginal delivery within 24 hours, they may have a greater risk of intra-amniotic infection. Overall, the overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes is uncertain.
The review of five trials found that using a heated water-filled mattress resulted in no significant differences in body temperature between the incubator and cot-nursing interventions, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the superiority of either method of maintaining body temperature control. However, there was some evidence of increased risk of intra-amniotic infection in the participants of the trials, which could be interpreted with caution.
We found three randomised controlled studies, involving 146 participants, which examined the same techniques. The evidence from these studies suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review; however, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being at high risk of bias. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies that compare the two techniques.
We included three randomised controlled trials, involving 244 women, in this review. The prostaglandins used in these studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the results estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 355 babies - two using face mask CPAP, two using nasal CPAP and one using pump-up. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and fewer episodes of pneumothorax. Use of CDP also has fewer risks of respiratory failure and mortality, with the risk of which to compare the results. More research is needed to determine the best mode of administration.
This review sought evidence to compare the use of foam dressings with other types of dressing. Only a few, small-scale randomised studies were found, which met the inclusion criteria. However, more, better designed studies are needed.
Three randomised controlled trials were identified. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants in the intervention group could not be reliably measured.
We found only one randomised controlled trial of people undergoing surgery for the procedure. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery. The trial was of high risk of bias, as the doctors who conducted the study knew when the patient was in the intervention group. Further trials including larger numbers of patients are needed to compare the benefits and harms of early and delayed post-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications.
We found one randomised trial of oral prednisolone with no treatment, which recruited 35 eligible participants. The trial had a low risk of bias, but it was of very low quality. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission, or in disability or impairment episodes between the intervention groups. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) (moderate evidence).
We included six studies including a total of 2100 people in the main efficacy analyses, and presented the results of a cluster implementation study and an oral steroid tapering study separately. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation more often than those who were seen face-to-face. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes.
Three out of 16 studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. The outcome data of the following outcomes was combined in a meta-analysis: functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity, and the level of evidence provided by the trials. Overall, there was no clinically important or statistically significant evidence to support exercise therapy for patients with JIA. The short-term benefits of exercise therapy look promising but long-term effects are unclear.
Evidence from 19 trials with 2663 participants suggest that currently available antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure among inpatients (with mild to moderate exacerbations), but evidence from two trials with 93 patients in the ICU showed no statistically significant effect on treatment failure. The only trial with 93 participants undergoing surgery showed a statistically significant and overall beneficial effect on mortality, but these results must be interpreted with caution, as the trials were small and at a high risk of bias due to the possibility of bias caused by people using antibiotics at home who know when they are in the hospital.
We found nine randomised controlled trials that recruited a total of 1414 participants who received whole grain or refined grain. Overall, the overall quality of the evidence was low. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, and percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty).
Only one study was judged at low risk of selection bias and over half the of the studies were at high risk of selective reporting bias. Using a removable type of immobilisation to enable controlled exercise resulted in a short-term benefit, but it also led to a higher risk of mainly minor adverse events. There was little evidence of benefit for rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management and no evidence for stretching, manual therapy or exercise compared to usual care. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are needed to strengthen the current evidence.
Four studies met the inclusion criteria. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCT), and two were non-randomised trials. An RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the participants' knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second non-Randomised trial of caregiver medication diaries found that the percentage of children who achieved >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen and those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen.
Five studies met the inclusion criteria; 24 participants were treated with fenoprofen 12.5 mg, 79 with diestrofen 50 mg, 56 with fensol 100 mg, and 145 with placebo. Participants had pain following third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. No serious adverse events were reported in these studies.
Six trials were found, three of which are new to this update. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group of women undergoing surgery for the procedure. There was a significant risk of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. Two out of three trials which measured urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no difference in symptom score between groups, whilst the other found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Both trials were small and neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. A large trial of PFMT supplementing surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
The review of 14 trials found that there was only limited evidence to support the use of quinolone as a treatment for CSOM and no evidence of benefit for non-quinolone antibiotics. More research is needed to clarify and confirm the safety of these treatments.
We found 21 studies which met the inclusion criteria, which included a total of 6253 people. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had known participants for whom treatment was planned. The synthesis of these studies suggests that FRS correctly identifies schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders 75% to 95% of the time. The use of FRS in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. Empathetic, considerate treatment of schizophrenia should be taken in generalising what evidence there is to clinical populations.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. Our primary outcomes were participant-rated global assessment, reduction in disease severity (reported as objective SCORAD (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis)), and improvement in sleep and quality of life. No study reported participant frequency (i.e. what happens when parents are put into the intervention group at the end of the study). We found limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic eczema in children. The evidence from included studies suggests that there is some evidence from parents of children aged 3 months to 7 years who experienced similar improvements in objective severity, but the confidence intervals in these studies do not reach the minimum level needed for definitive conclusions.
This review found 14 small trials of a total of753 participants which reported whether HBOT helped people with LRTI more than another treatment. There was also evidence of a significantly increased chance of wound breakdown following HBOT. The review also found no evidence of benefit in clinical outcomes with established radiation injury to neural tissue, and no randomised data reported on the use of HBOT other manifestations of LRTi.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials involving 2961 surgeons comparing the use of blunt and sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The evidence found that surgeons who used blunt needles had fewer episodes of bleeding, and these episodes were less likely to happen again.
The review of trials did not find any significant difference between trifluoperazine and low-potency antipsychotic drugs in terms of response to treatment, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the effectiveness of either treatment option. There was also no difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. Overall, sequence generation, allocation procedures and blinding of participants were poorly described.
Nine randomised controlled trials were identified which met the inclusion criteria for this review. Overall, the data do not provide strong or consistent evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. More research is needed to confirm or reject these findings.
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in the review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) compared with placebo (mean difference (MD) 0.11, P < 0.001) and in participants who received 5-methyltetrahydrofolate supplement (5-MTHF) versus placebo. No major events were reported. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
Two randomised controlled trials, involving 821 dentists and 4771 patients, met the inclusion criteria for this review. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes. The second study used a parallel group design undertaken over a three-year period to compare the impact of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. The study reported on measures of clinical activity, health service utilisation, patient outcomes and healthcare costs, and highlighted the need for further research in this area.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from different parts of the world which met the inclusion criteria for this review. We found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth but did not result in a reduction in the number of babies born, but there was a 14% overall reduction in newborn babies with low birthweights. No convincing evidence was found for other outcomes such as small-for-gestational age, birthweight, and risk of stillbirth or stillbirth episodes.
Ten randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria and pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. The evidence from these studies suggests that, compared with conventional treatment, the use of probiotics could increase the rate of short-term clinical and mycological cure and the risk of relapse. However, the evidence from the long-term trials suggests that probiotics use does not result in a higher frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events.
We included seven randomised controlled trials which recruited a total of 696 participants in this review. The evidence from seven trials was combined to answer our question regarding whether treatment with progestogens reduced the risk of miscarriage but did not show whether they had an effect on the rate of preterm births. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the risks of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. In the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met the inclusion criteria. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that treatment with vaginal progesterone compared to placebo, probably has little or no effect in reducing the miscarriage rate but may be an effective treatment for congenital abnormalities.
We found five randomised controlled trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabeticretinopathy, and one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis. At 12 months there was little difference between the treatment groups, but the risk of severe visual loss was increased by laser treatment by over 50% in the short term. Longer term follow-up of the trials did not show a consistent pattern of results, but there was a difference in risk of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity with laser treatment.
Two good quality randomised controlled trials were identified, which recruited a total of 269 participants aged between 65 and 88 years. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. The evidence from one trial suggested that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation, with an additional beneficial outcome of 11.8 mm Hg, but the evidence from the other trial suggested no significant differences in blood pressure lowering or loss of blood pressure. The quality of the evidence in both trials was, however, of low or very low quality. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and so results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery. No significant differences were seen for the few other outcomes that were measured across any of the comparisons, and no trials reported on the other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious morbidity.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1048 participants that evaluated the effects of yoga for asthma. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma who had had yoga for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies measured yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in the remainder. Two studies indicated improved asthma control, but we did not collect data on this outcome because of the lack of confidence in the results. No serious adverse events were reported, but the data on the other outcomes was limited.
We found 10 fully published trials that recruited a total of 249 participants. Seven trials assessed single agents, and 3 trials of immunoglobulin beta-1a and MTX. We found that there was not enough evidence to say whether or not the drug treatments were effective. Overall, the trials were of very, very low quality. None of the fully published studies were large enough to detect a treatment effect. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcomes measures to answer our question regarding effectiveness.
No new trials were identified for this first update. The available data suggests that linezolid is more effective than vancomycin in treating people with SSTIs, including infections caused by MRSA, and that the overall length of stay in hospital was less than that of vanomycin. However, more research is needed to confirm these results.
Our systematic review identified eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 512 participants. The evidence from these studies suggests no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, the evidence from GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) studies suggests that future high-quality trials that compare the two interventions will be needed.
This systematic review of six trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial had a relatively high risk of systematic error. Adverse events were not associated with either treatment. The evidence from three trials suggested that immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation did not have similar effects on rates of return of spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult episodes.
This review sought evidence to compare the use of GnRHa with stop protocol and GnRH antagonist in IVF. Only three trials were found, all reporting the same results. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. More robust evidence is needed.
We conducted a systematic search for randomised controlled trials that compared the effects of families on schizophrenia, with a total of 53 trials that met the inclusion criteria. We did not find any clear evidence to suggest that family intervention prevents or promotes suicide, but may play a role in reducing the frequency of relapse events. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
Three randomised controlled trials with 263 participants were included in the review. Two of the three trials were conducted in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. The evidence from these three trials suggests an advantage for DEBs compared with uncoated balloon angioplasty for anatomical endpoints and for one clinical outcome post intervention. However, the certainty of the evidence is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study designs.
Evidence from seven randomised controlled trials of 922 participants suggest that use of steroids in the acute phase of KD can be associated with improved coronary artery abnormalities, shorter duration of hospital stay and a decreased duration of clinical symptoms. However, evidence from seven studies of similar quality suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids cannot be considered until further studies are performed.
We included eight studies, which included 846 randomised participants, in which four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control conditions that were similar to our question, and two studies involving another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment. The results of four studies were at low risk of bias, and no study blinded participants or personnel to the intervention. Five studies did not provide enough information to allow assessment of potential bias, but the evidence from the remaining studies suggests that the evidence overall is of low or very low quality. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation Working Group (GRADE) approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence.
The review of 11 trials found one new trial which recruited 753 women. Overall, there was no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthetic is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores.
We found twelve randomised controlled trials which met the inclusion criteria for this review. We found that reminder packaging decreased systolic and diastolic blood pressure, with an apparent beneficial effect on blood pressure lowering. However, there was considerable uncertainty in the results from two trials that looked at the percentage of participants who took the pills, which was not statistically significant. No appropriate data were available for meta-analysis of remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reported psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We found 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions: methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). There were no significant differences between the intervention groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The trial design used in these studies is current to August 2019.
We included 61 studies, including 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing, in the systematic review of trials. We found that the prevalence of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Treatment-related risk factors were abdominal radiotherapy and TBI, but the majority of studies were of similar quality. The majority also reported cisplatin as a risk factor.
Two trials of two phytomedicines were identified. The single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and the other trial had no serious adverse effects. Based on the published results of both trials, which represent all the available evidence for inclusion, which must be combined, which is of low quality, the reviewers conclude that there is currently insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the safety and effectiveness of one treatment option for sickle cell disease.
Three randomised controlled trials were identified, which recruited a total of 1999 participants with HL. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (searchable only). The study design of the third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into chemotherapy but no radiotherapy groups. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials, 1480 were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. The other two studies reported two deaths, one of which was of high quality. We judged the overall risk of bias as moderate.
We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. No new trials were eligible in 2014. Many of the earlier studies had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable differences between the study groups in an outcome. None included a placebo. The evidence from the recent trials suggests no major differences in carbohydrate metabolism between the different types of contraceptives in women without diabetes. More than half of the trials had limited reporting of methods. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight.
Seven randomised controlled trials were included in the review and, which recruited people with symptomatic hip OA of any cell type, with a total of 419 participants. The results of nine trials showed that exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points and physical function by 7 points, respectively, and there was no significant difference in quality of life by people with hip or knee OA. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events which were related to increased pain caused by the exercise programme.
Nine randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for the review. Six trials aimed to compare exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our definition of exercise therapy. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and provide sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups. Finally, no evidence was found that specific exercise therapy programmes were more successful in improving activities and participation than other exercise treatments.
Only one randomised trial of 75 participants, which recruited women aged 43 years, randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy, had a high risk of bias, and the trial was of good quality only. The trial did not report quality of life or return to work. Based on evidence from only one high-quality trial, which used methods that only people with biliary colic could see, who had had surgery within 24 hours of diagnosis, have a greater risk of bleeding, there was no significant difference between the intervention groups of people undergoing surgery, and there were no serious adverse events in either group. More randomised trials including larger numbers of participants are needed to confirm or refute these findings, and to determine if the waiting time is shortened further.
Our systematic review of 11 trials found that seven trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis might reduce the risk of SSI by 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI with long term antibiotic treatment but there is no enough evidence to decide whether it is better than another treatment option.
This review identified one small trial, involving 40 babies and 42 women, which investigated the effects of elective and spontaneous deliveries for babies with gastroschisis. The trial was of good quality, but small. However, it was of poor methodological quality. This means it is not possible to draw any firm conclusions about whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies and their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
Three studies in adults were included in the review, which lasted up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; and patients with a Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no convincing evidence of difference between paracetamol and placebo, and the studies were of high risk of bias because of their small numbers and different designs.
This review of 15 trials, which included in all 1,000 participants, found insufficient evidence of benefit for any of the drugs included in the review, found that: Antimuscarinics were more effective than placebo in decreasing blood pressure lowering, but the risk of bias of some studies was so high that the evidence did not support drawing conclusions about effectiveness or safety of any kind of treatment that could be more important outcome. The other interventions, including oryzanol and diphenhydramine, were equally well tolerated by patients, but had fewer adverse effects than the antimuscarinic doxepin.
We included six randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 195 participants with MS, which compared inspiratory muscle training with no active control. We found low-quality evidence from three trials where 18 participants dropped out; no serious adverse events were reported. The evidence from two trials suggested no difference in maximal inspiratory pressure between the intervention groups, but there was a significant difference in the predicted maximum expiratory pressure, suggesting a beneficial effect on quality of life for people with MS. For all other outcomes, it was not possible to find clear evidence. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results.
This review identified one randomised trial in which 38 women were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. The trial found no convincing evidence to support the use of betamethasone for ITP during pregnancy. However, the trial did show an increased risk of intra-amniotic infection during pregnancy which could be interpreted with caution.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants, conducted in Iran, that met the inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus prior to surgery and were randomised to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. For the larger study, four participants had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up of the other 77 participants was also included in the study and showed no evidence of a difference between the intervention groups with regards to graft failure. No postoperative graft failures were reported in either study. Other adverse events were also noted with similar frequency in both intervention groups. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in several areas for both studies.
We included 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied widely between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed. Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a reduced risk of iron deficiency and gastrointestinal disturbance episodes, which could be an over-estimate of potential side effects. Seven studies recruiting 901 women reported no evidence of 'any side effects', but eight studies recruiting 1214 women found an increased prevalence of hard stools/disorderly bowel movements.
This review sought evidence to compare the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidines. Five studies were found, which recruited a total of 1,726 patients with advanced or metastatic CRC, but the results of which have not yet been incorporated in this review. The evidence found in the studies was of low to moderate quality. The quality of evidence overall survival was variable, mainly due to study limitation and lack of precision of results. There were higher risks of toxicity episodes in those treated with the combination chemotherapy, but all-cause mortality was the only outcome able to be taken as proof of progression-free survival.
The review of trials found some evidence to suggest that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise were the same. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times.
We found nine randomised controlled trials that recruited a total of 91 people with subacute low blood pressure. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age of the participants ranged from 33 to 351. Participants were aged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All included studies were judged as having high risk of performance bias, meaning that their results were not fully reported, and four studies had at least one additional source of possible bias. In terms of pain and disability, people who received MBR had less pain had fewer episodes of disability, and there was a greater likelihood of returning to work within a month of the intervention. The effect of MBR on functional disability and mood was the only outcome able to be measured with confidence, and it was the most frequently reported outcome: return to work.
We found 18 trials of 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens. We found no convincing evidence that there was a difference between the groups in the percentage of participants with pain response, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the extent to which a benefit is worth the risk of a harmful side effect.
We found five randomised controlled trials in previously untreated patients and one in relapsed patients. Overall, the quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine more precisely in the era of rituximab.
We found 15 randomised trials with 1437 participants that examined the short-term effects of WDD. There was a risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk of systematic error was low or unclear. Data showed that WDD improved global and mental state in the short term compared with placebo or no treatment. However, there was no change in weight gain in the participants of the trials.
We found 12 randomised controlled studies with a total of 799 participants that compared either multistrand stainless steel or superelastic niTi arch wires. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and we considered the results of six studies in the review to be uncertain. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. The evidence from these studies suggests that there is insufficient evidence from the studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between the interventions, and there is no evidence of difference in pain between the intervention groups. Other evidence is of low quality.
We found limited evidence from one randomised trial of a cluster-randomised study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three different measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), the Observation Scale (OS), and the Physically Aggressive Scale (Physically Non-Aggressive). Using GRADE criteria, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. More, high-quality research is therefore urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants who were in the nursing home or hospitalisation unit, and who also had IAD. We found evidence from two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product might be more effective than not applying one, but it is difficult to be sure of the results because the studies were small and compared different interventions over different time periods. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects.
We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 333 participants. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, and the overall quality of trials was very low. The trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention.
Our systematic review of four trials found that there was no clinically relevant difference between insulin detemir and insulin glargine for targeting hyperglycaemia. There was also no difference in the variability of FPG or glucose values between treatment groups. Overall, risk of bias of the evaluated studies was high. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or mortality.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 34 participants were included in the review. Two trials assessed the effects of SNS for constipation. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy. The crossover trial by Sørensen and colleagues, 14 participants with FI experienced significantly lower episodes of FI per week during the stimulator 'on' period, but the overall frequency of bowel movements increased by 73% during the 'off' period. Neither study reported adverse events.
Two well-designed and low risk-benefit randomized controlled trials were included in the review and both presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of molar bands, with a hazard ratio of 2.92 (95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.80 to 4.72). More evidence is needed to draw a more robust conclusion about the risk of adverse events caused by molar tubes.
We found 66 studies of people with gastric cancer that were eligible for inclusion in the review. Overall, the results of these studies were inconsistent. The results of the meta-analysis of 50 studies showed that the summary and specificity of EUS in T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomas were 0.85 (95% confidence interval) and 0.93) respectively. We found no difference in results for the primary tumor (T1a) and T1b (submucosal) cancers, but a difference in positive and negative lymph node outcomes was found in both studies. This evidence should be interpreted with caution in the context of the significant heterogeneity of the studies and the methodological quality of the overall results.
We found six randomised clinical trials with a total of 492 participants undergoing day-surgery for symptomatic cholecystectomy. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age of women in the trials was between 40 and 47 years and there was no significant difference between the intervention groups in terms of short-term and long-term mortality. There was also no difference in quality of life between the two intervention groups. However, there were differences in the percentage of hospital readmission episodes (less frequent hospitalisations) and in the duration of stay in hospital. These secondary outcomes were similar. The overall quality of trials was variable, with some trials having problems recruiting enough participants, making it more difficult for them to detect each others' results.
We found eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants, comparing the use of high-concentration topical capsaicin versus control treatment. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to its small number of participants and its methodological quality. Serious adverse events were rare, but they were more common with active treatment.
Three randomised controlled trials of 6092 participants were included in the review. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes, or in the effects of surgery.
Randomized controlled trials (RCT) Only one trial met the inclusion criteria. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, and familial adenomatous polyposis. The results of this trial were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation and for the occurrence of stomatal prolapse. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidities, or risk of intra-amniotic infection.
We found four new trials, which included 2126 participants, which met the inclusion criteria for the review. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality. We found no evidence of significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These differences should be interpreted with caution, as individual studies differed the types of participants and interventions that they used and the ways in which results were measured. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparison.
We included randomised controlled trials that recruited people with moderate or severe cancer pain, at any time after onset. We found that 949 participants with mostly moderate, or severe, pain were randomised initially, but fewer participants completed treatment or had results of treatment. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small number of participants. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence.
Two studies with a total of 287 participants were included in the review and the evidence was of very low quality. The most important reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence were serious risk of bias and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease.
We searched for evidence from high quality randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs, but did not find any randomised trial evidence to support the use of either treatment option. Our systematic review of trials found no evidence to suggest that there is any significant difference between the treatment modalities in terms of mortality, disability, and risk of infection episodes.
Our systematic review identified 26 randomised controlled trials with 2066 participants. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We found insufficient evidence to assess whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection.
We found 12 studies with 3571 participants that examined the same classes of antibiotics. We found no statistical difference between monotherapy and combination therapy, but there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure for imipenem-cilastatin. We determined the quality of evidence for all-cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to be of very low quality.
We found 12 studies which met the inclusion criteria for the review. In these studies, people who were eligible for the program were put into groups at random, assigned to the classes of drugs they chose, and had health benefits which were then determined to be less likely to be helpful. We found that policy changes which aimed to reduce medication costs did not result in any reduction in use of drugs, but did lead to a reduction in the use of other health services. More research is needed to find out which drugs are best at preventing and maintaining health quality.
We found 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants which reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was no evidence to suggest that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gingivitis, plaque or dental caries. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or no treatment; one trial (28 participants), of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial of manipulation under anaesthetic and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Studies were of variable quality, some were poorly reported, and some had significant methodological flaws. Available data from two placebo-controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence that oral steroids provide short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks.
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All the trials were of poor quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pool of results. The lack of studies providing clear evidence and their imprecision, limit our understanding of the potential benefits and harms of rTMS.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials of 1049 participants of moderate to high risk of bias. The evidence from these studies suggests that: Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens of steroids are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses of prednisolone greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and the risk of adverse events is low.
This review sought evidence from high-quality trials that compared herbal medicines with conventional treatment. Only three trials were found, which met the inclusion criteria, which recruited 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome. The methodological quality of three trials was high, but the quality of remaining trials was generally low. No serious adverse events were reported.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials that recruited a total of 12,400 women, who were all in the intervention group. The drugs and other hormonal drugs evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG), LNG in doses other than 0.75 mg, and hormones other than LNG. We found no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were rare in the studies, but they were more common in women with inoperable or at risk of miscarriage. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of pericoital use of LNG as a primary means of contraception among women with infrequent intercourse.
We included 15 randomised controlled studies with a total of 561 randomised participants which met the inclusion criteria for this review. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients in two studies was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, but the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range. There was no evidence of a difference overall duration of treatment between surgical and conventional anchorage, and there was a lack of evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. No studies reported adverse effects.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) of people with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. Seven studies comparing statins with placebo or no treatment had fewer risks of bias overall; and were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods.
We found nine randomised controlled trials that evaluated pharmacological interventions for pain in children with LLCs. Nine trials with 379 participants were included in the review. We found that patients in these studies had cerebral palsy, with symptoms similar to those of adults, and the drugs used in the trials were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendronate. The trial investigating pamidronate found no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms, but there were eight serious adverse events in one trial which the trial did not state if they occurred in the intervention group.
We found the evidence to be of overall low quality. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting, and three trials to have a higher risk of losses to follow up. No data were available from the seventh trial. The evidence found in this review suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no evidence of benefit of latrepirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, and more research is needed.
We found seven randomised controlled trials, involving 735 participants, which investigated the effects of RIC on ischaemic stroke and non-RIC treatment of people with intracerebral artery stenosis undergoing carotid stenting. We found evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke, but there was no significant difference between the intervention groups for reducing stroke severity, with the stroke severity being the only outcome able to be measured with confidence, but it was associated with an increased risk of psychological impairment which could go undetected. No trial reported death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment.
Our systematic review of six randomised controlled trials, involving 204 preterm babies, found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth, but did not show any difference in risk of feeding intolerance or of course, and there was no evidence of a difference in growth of skin fold thickness between the intervention and unsupplemented groups. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long term growth, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental outcomes, and blood pressure lowering.
The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no intervention, PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. However, the data available in this review does not allow definitive conclusions about whether PEM are a better treatment than other interventions.
This review identified 23 randomised controlled trials which met the inclusion criteria. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with information about HIV and chlamydia, and there were few statistically significant effects on biological (STI) outcomes.
Our systematic review of 20 studies found that brief psychoeducation of any form was more likely to lead to relapse than routine care. However, there was no difference in deaths between the intervention groups. Our systematic review shows evidence of very low to very low quality evidence for both short and medium term outcomes. More, high quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of brief psycho education.
Our systematic review of 11 studies that recruited a total of 9839 people with COPD found that: people with moderate to severe COPD had fewer episodes of exacerbations (less frequent episodes of pneumonia), the trial designs were generally of good quality, and there was a greater risk of bias from studies that reported the results of studies with similar conditions and participants that were not included in the study. The trial designs used in the studies were generally well-designed and represent credible evidence of the benefits of LAMA+LABA over LABA+ICS. However, the trials included in this review were of high risk of systematic error, and so we rated them as having a risk of 'other bias', which means that their results may not be reliable.
We found three randomised controlled trials with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The evidence for all outcomes was of low quality, downgraded for serious imprecision, and with a risk of bias due to the use of an open-label design. None of the studies reported information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to the emergency department. In one study, 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. In the third study, 29 children with moderate to severe croup received intramuscular dexamethasone with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or 100% oxygen with either heliox or diuretics for three hours. All children were discharged from the hospital, but information on whether they had a stroke, heart rate, and how long they were in the hospital was not reported.
The review of trials found that while there are a few more trials meeting the inclusion criteria and the results suggest that a combination of red flags may be more informative than individual red flags, they have poor diagnostic accuracy and risk of selection and verification bias. The available evidence does not support the use of many red flags to specifically detect vertebral fracture in patients with low blood pressure. More research is needed to clarify and confirm the effectiveness of any type of red flag.
Two randomised trials were identified. The second trial compared the outcomes of urethrotomy and urethroplasty in 50 men with traumatic stricture of the posterior urethra following pelvic fracture injury. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men who were stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence.
The review of trials found that there was only limited evidence to support the use of intermittent or daily ICS in children and adults with persistent asthma, with a total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma who met the inclusion criteria. There was no significant difference between the intervention groups in terms of lung growth, with intermittent ICS demonstrating greater growth and fewer episodes of episodes of serious adverse events, but there was little difference in lung function, quality of life, adverse effects, hospitalisations, emergency department visits or withdrawals.
The review of 17 studies found that 17 studies enrolled 1639 people with CKD and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with ESKD stages 1 to 5. In very-low quality evidence, dietary interventions had uncertain effects on all-cause mortality, cardiovascular events, and risk of diabetes episodes. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Based on these results, large-scale randomised controlled trials with a high risk of bias and unclear methods of measuring risk of systematic error should be conducted to assess the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes.
Only one study was eligible for inclusion and found that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchiolitis but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions.
We found four studies with 1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years. All studies had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD, and most participants were given a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. There was no significant difference between statins and placebo, but there were differences in global function and activities of daily living. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
This review found four studies that evaluated the effect of night splinting in children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. There was no convincing evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of motion between the intervention groups. Further research is needed.
The review of 25 trials found that walking and upright positions reduced the duration of labour, the risk of intra-amniotic infection, and other outcomes. However, more research is needed to confirm with any confidence the true risks and benefits of upright and mobile positions.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum requirement for inclusion in the review. The first trial involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus. The second trial analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. The trial had a high risk of bias. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did improve paresthesias in the short term.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were evaluated. A hand brace used more frequently than placebo but did not produce the same short-term benefit as steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. The trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when measured against placebo or control. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
Two randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME were included in the review. The two trials provide insufficient evidence to decide whether IVS are a better treatment than observation. Adverse events were the most frequent outcome: high intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization.
Six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients were evaluated. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The third parallel-group trial showed that 77.7% of patients treated with mometasone (100 mcg/day) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in their symptoms and a reduction in their adenoids, which meant that they could be spared the need for surgery.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial which recruited 24 women. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole, with an intervention group given an epidural block containing all the other four drugs. The trial did not report on any of the important outcomes of the pregnancy and there was insufficient evidence to show whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural therapy resulted in better outcomes for the mother and infant. More, better-designed studies are needed to evaluate the use of epidural agents for treatment of severe pre-eclampsia in non-labouring women.
Sixteen trials were included in the review. The trials were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention. Follow-up of the participants was measured up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. The evidence from only one trial provides clear evidence of benefit, which is based on information that is considered to represent the highest quality evidence, but the other 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry.
We found four randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects of vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention.
We found eight studies with 582 participants, which compared short-duration and longer-duration systemic corticosteroid treatment. Studies contributing to the meta-analysis were at low risk of selection, performance, detection and losses to follow up. The studies in this review did not include people with mild or moderate COPD; further studies testing this highly important issue should be conducted with greater caution.
This review identified one randomised trial of 13 participants and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one included study only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality. The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. hospitalisation).
The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a considerable need for further high-quality evidence evaluating the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
Eight randomised trials involving 475 people were evaluated. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered.
Two randomised controlled trials with 130 patients were included in the review. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia, and the loss of scintigraphically measured salivary glands. Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of treatment and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae.
We found three small studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years. Two studies compared parent-mediated plus clinician-mediated interventions, while the third studies compared a parent- mediated intervention with the intervention of a doctor. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinic-based and home-based sessions for 12 weeks. All three studies noted differences in how the parents talked to each other, and the children of parents who received the intervention did not learn to use the language easily. No study measured parents' attitudes to treatment, or the level of parent stress related to the intervention. One study did not find any differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the intervention groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. None study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the intervention group. The overall quality of the evidence is very low, and further research is very likely to improve the results.
We found two randomised trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to assess the impact of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation on mortality and adverse events. The secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost were not measured by the trials.
We found five studies of randomised controlled trials that recruited a total of 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life, but found that meditation was beneficial in the short to medium term. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of designs, and it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants received spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 137 participants comparing tDCS with control conditions. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found very low quality evidence for no evidence of an effect on global UPDRS score, with the result being too imprecise to confidently rule out the effectiveness of the treatment for people with dyskinesia, depression, and anxiety disorders. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether or not tDCS can be used for reducing dropouts, adverse events, or deaths. In two of six studies, dropouts were more likely to happen during the intervention phase.
We included an additional four studies that did not follow patients for more than 48 hours. Overall, the evidence from these studies was of low to very low quality. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS.
Fourteen trials, including 2488 participants, met the inclusion criteria. Most trials were small, and most had high risk of bias. The combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy, but there was some evidence of long-term sequelae episodes with motor synkinesis, crocodile tears, and adverse events. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms.
Two studies, including 97 women, met the inclusion criteria: one assessed LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC compared with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan). The other study compared decapeptyl treatment with placebo. Overall, the evidence is of very low quality. There may be little or no difference between treatment groups in overall survival, progression-free survival, and adverse events.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effect of nitric oxide on outcomes in term and near-term babies with hypoxia. In an infant with diaphragmatic hernia, the risk of death or use of ECMO was reduced by 50% between the intervention groups. This reduction was due to a reduction in use of the ECMO but did not further decrease deaths or the need for ECMO. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of treatment, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg.
The review of trials found that there is only limited evidence to support the use of lumbar supports for the treatment of low-back pain and there is no enough evidence to decide whether they are more effective than other treatments for the condition. More research is needed.
Our systematic review of 57 studies found that one new study involving 338 participants/catheters was included in the review, but the overall results were the same. Overall, catheter impregnation reduced the rates of clinically diagnosed sepsis and catheter colonization, but had no significant effect on the overall risk of adverse events. The magnitude of the benefits varied between studies, with significant benefits seen in studies conducted in ICUs and oncology units. There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated classes of patients in terms of risk of infection, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site.
This review investigated 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials, which took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas of Bangladesh, India, and Peru. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. The certainty of the evidence overall was very low to moderate overall. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-specific and sensitive methods and programmes of governmental, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector on nutrition-related outcomes.
The current evidence is of low quality. More evidence is required before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the use of foam dressings in the management of venous leg ulcers.
Two randomised controlled trials with 381 participants were included in the review. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference between the drugs in the short term. The overall quality of the evidence was low due to very sparse data and long follow-up. No patients experienced any cardiovascular adverse events. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with rheumatological manifestations in order to avoid disease exacerbation and other adverse effects. Further RCTs are needed to determine the tolerability and safety of celecoxib and etoricoxib in patients with IBD.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants that met the inclusion criteria. The evidence from six trials suggested that more wounds may heal when dressed with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing, and the evidence from the other three trials suggested no difference in the risk of infection, adverse events, and loss of control of the blood pressure. On average, there is little evidence to support the use of antimicrobial dressings compared with systemic antibiotics.
We found six studies that evaluated the effect of zinc supplementation in children with pneumonia which recruited a total of 5193 participants aged between five and 10 years. Overall, the evidence from these studies suggests that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia, respectively, but had no effect on the lower specificity of the pneumonia case definition. Further studies including larger numbers of children are needed to fully explore this highly important issue.
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant evidence of effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or prevalence of symptoms of acute low-dose vitamin A. Two studies reported that vitamin A effectively decreased the risk of acuteLRTI in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but it had no significant effect on its risk of occurrence in healthy children.
Twenty trials met the inclusion criteria. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophylline tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, which enrolled a total of 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years, using a different method of immunotherapy for egg allergy, that compared oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy with a placebo or with an egg avoidance diet. We found that there were two primary outcomes of the studies: an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events, and a complete recovery from egg allergy after completing the course of treatment. Mild-to-severe adverse events were the most frequent outcome: adverse events requiring epinephrine/adrenaline, which occurred in 8.4% of children in the oral immun therapy group, and in 6.8% of the control group. The quality of the evidence in these studies was judged to be moderate, with some studies having high risk of bias, and some having possible methodological problems. Overall, there was inconsistent evidence in the trials.
Our systematic review of four trials, which included a total of 579 participants, found that there is no evidence of a difference between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up. There also found that people who underwent ILR had fewer episodes of syncope, which may go undetected. More research is needed to find out if ILR-based diagnostic strategy is a feasible treatment for people with recurrent unexplained syncope.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy and surgery. The results of this review show that there was significant heterogeneity between the intervention groups in terms of frequency of haematoma formation and length of follow-up. There was also a significant increase in the risk of infection in the intervention group but this result must be interpreted with caution in the context of the methodological quality of these studies. The quality of trials overall should be taken into account. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments.
We found one randomised trial of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribuclease (rhDNase) in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed no significant difference between treatment groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks, but there was considerable uncertainty about other outcomes. The mean change in daytime cough diary scores from baseline was also better in the placebo group compared to the intervention group, but this result must be interpreted with caution in the context of ongoing uncertainty and the possibility of further adverse events.
We found 21 studies with 2658 randomised participants that evaluated some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Across the 21 studies, the mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. The overall quality of evidence was rated as low to moderate, with some studies having problems recruiting enough participants, therapists, and outcome assessors being aware of each others' identity, and the results being too imprecise to be sure of the results. The intervention groups reported no major harms, and most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which recruited a total of 3027 participants, including children, in the review. We found that there is only limited evidence to support the use of regional anaesthetic for the prevention of PPP, with evidence suggesting that it may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after surgery, and three to 12 months after caesarean section. Evidence synthesis of seven trials suggested that the odds of having PPP following an epidural for thoracotomy were more likely to be higher than those of having no epidural, but evidence synthesis of two trials showed inconclusive evidence. On a cautionary note, we cannot extend these results to other surgical interventions, for example, paravertebral cancer surgery.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were evaluated. The available evidence suggests some beneficial effects with second-generation antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, and dietary supplementation by omega-3 fatty acids. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions.
Seven randomised controlled trials were included in the review, involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Two parallel-group trials had limited clinical value; one combined results for suprapubic and urethral catheters and the other provided data for only four participants. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties recruiting and maintaining participants in the study. The evidence was not adequate to decide whether washouts are beneficial or harmful. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout are needed.
We found 30 studies of 18,682 participants and 22 studies of 14,573 survivors of children aged up to 18 years. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and the results of the studies were often inconsistent. The evidence in this review is therefore weak.
The review of trials found that a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduced both respiratory infections and deaths in adults receiving intensive care. However, the risk of resistance to antibiotic use was only raised in one trial which did not show any such effect.
Five randomised controlled studies met the inclusion criteria. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively.
We found four randomised controlled trials with a total of 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rates, multiple-pregnancy rates, and miscarriage rates. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorticoid administration in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles are unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. More research is needed.
Eight randomised controlled trials of rhGH were included in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared the same treatment with a higher-dose version of the drug. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. The significant change in blood glucose levels with rhGH therapy did not reach the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes, however, it is possible that it could be an over-estimate due to the small number of participants and the limited duration of the trials. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels. The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters, but there were no differences in height, weight and lean body mass between rhGH and no treatment. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in the small trials.
We found 26 studies with 1,695 workers that reported on three comparisons: complete removal from exposure and reduced exposure compared to continued exposure. The evidence from these studies is current to August 2019. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. Removal from exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may be associated with an increased risk of unemployment.
Six randomised controlled trials were identified that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). The evidence from these studies was of low quality. There was insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPI discontinuation, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end.
We found 13 randomised trials with a total of975 participants comparing social skills training with standard care. We found evidence that social skills programmes may reduce the risk of relapse and rehospitalisation, but the evidence is of very low quality.
Only one trial of pegloticase was included in this review. This trial recruited 225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline, randomised to one of three arms of three treatment cycles: peglosterosterosteron, monthly, and monthly. The trial was of good quality, at low risk of bias, and showed some promising results in terms of resolving of tophi, but it had some serious methodological flaws which limit the strength of the findings. However, it is important to note that the trial authors did not describe how participants were put into the treatment groups, whether any participants dropped out, and whether the planned outcomes were the same as the reported outcomes. More research is needed.
The review of three eligible trials found that the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of definite NEC but may reduce the risk of intra-amniotic infection. However, the available evidence does not support the use of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC.
Five randomised controlled trials of platinum based chemotherapy regimens were included in the review and found that chemotherapy reduces the risk of death by a quarter. It also provides a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. The review concludes that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapy but it is not yet clear which treatment option is best.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues (moderate confidence). For an overview of the findings and our confidence in them, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were evaluated. The results of this systematic review indicate that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, which aim to reduce withdrawal symptoms and lead to an increase in chances of recovery, is possible but it is difficult to be sure of the results and the studies were small.
Nine randomised controlled trials involving 1109 participants were included in the review. The level of sedation does not influence the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthetic may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation.
The review of fourteen trials found limited evidence to suggest that molindone may be an effective antipsychotic but there is insufficient evidence to say whether or not it is more effective than other classes of drugs. The review also found no evidence of a difference between the drugs in terms of global effectiveness.
We included 20 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2125 participants that compared different types of treatments. We found that: triple-combination cream was more effective than hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocortic acid; and the adverse events were more common in people with melasma who experienced skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments were generally poor. More, better-designed studies are needed.
Twelve randomised controlled trials of 1319 participants were included in the review. Of note, only one study reported low-dose postoperative 5-FU and this paper was at high risk of reporting bias. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of treatment, which suggests a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this.
The review of trials found that long-term use of steroids in COPD did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory pressure but may reduce the risk of episodes of pneumonia. There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of risk of oropharyngeal cancer episodes, short-term effects and lack of quality of life episodes.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials involving 5820 women. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo experience moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, there was little evidence of the superiority of any individual NSAID for either pain relief or for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea, and the available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded, and a further 31% could not state their source of funding.
We included seven randomised controlled studies that compared high and low levels of PEEP, with the same tidal volume and found that there were no statistically significant differences between the two intervention groups, nor between the risk of barotrauma and of course, no difference in mortality between the intervention groups. We also found that the number of ventilator-free days was the only outcome able to be combined in a meta-analysis, and these were significantly higher in the high-PEEP group.
The current evidence suggests that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HES.
Nine randomised controlled studies were identified that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two studies compared it with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor. None of the studies reported how participants were put into the groups, whether they were randomised, and whether they had the same risk of bias due to the way in which results were reported. The data were available on all-cause mortality and quality of treatment outcomes.
We found 13 studies of randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 1413 participants with dementia, which included data from 2745 individuals with dementia who matched our question. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy between the general hospital setting and the specialist memory setting. Across the included studies there was substantial potential for bias, especially around sampling of participants and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. There was also evidence of suboptimal reporting, particularly around disease severity and indeterminate results, which is important if considering use in clinical practice.
Three randomised controlled trials with 91 participants were included in the review. All three studies were of 'low quality' on the methodological quality assessment, meaning there is a risk of bias in the results. At best there was 'low level' evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. No studies looked at interventions in children with stroke during and immediately after the intervention.
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were identified. Randomisation was performed one week after transplantation and after six months of transplantation in another; from transplantation until randomisation, HBIg alone was given to all patients in the two trials. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation.
The review of trials found that studies with insulin with or without insulin did not improve metabolic control more than insulin, but did show that patients who received vitamin D had slightly more episodes of hypoglycaemia which may go undetected. Studies with vitamin D with insulin showed no significant differences in fasting and had a greater risk of bias. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and adverse events.
The review of 70 studies found that no substantial meaningful benefits were associated with social norms interventions aimed at reducing alcohol misuse among college/university students. Moreover, the significant effects were not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and the results were variable across studies. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence.
Three randomised controlled trials with a total of 492 participants were included in the review. The evidence in these studies is of very low quality. There is not enough evidence to decide whether there is benefit for or against the use of hip precautions. Further high-quality trials are required to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions both in the short and longer term for those who undergo THA.
Three randomised controlled trials were included. In two trials, there was a statistically significant reduction in the recurrence of painful periods, compared with expectant management. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was also higher in the LNG-IUD group but the results did not reach statistical significance. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority giving concerns about risk of bias. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings, with adult participants, and used between-participants designs. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, while four studies changed the order of meal components along a line. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from three studies found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s), but with considerable uncertainty about the results. Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of systematic error. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the quality of the evidence is, according to GRADE criteria, of low or very low quality. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, acting across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
This review sought evidence to assess the effectiveness of PEP as a treatment for HIV seroconversion, but only one trial was found, which used two or more antiretroviral drugs, which had no known life threatening side effects. This trial was only of good quality, but small, with a limited number of participants and a limited length of follow-up. However, it is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial with the same conditions will ever be conducted, and, therefore, PEP cannot be recommended at the present time.
This review sought evidence to compare the different components of behaviour therapy with control conditions. Only a few, small-scale randomised studies were found, which met the inclusion criteria, but these did not provide any evidence to inform the review. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to answer whether or not behaviour therapy helps people with chronic pain. The quality of the trials itself has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not. More research is needed to find out which components of CBT work better.
We found 15 studies with a total of 881 full-text articles, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. None of the studies were in the United States or Canada, and all but one used an uncontrolled pre-post study design. The evidence from these studies was of low quality. We could not determine whether the interventions had an effect on people's salt intake, but it was known that people who participated in the studies had slightly lower blood pressure lowering. The remaining studies did not show a statistically significant mean change in salt intake. The quality of the evidence was, however, variable across the studies, making it difficult to reach firm conclusions about the impact of interventions for dietary sodium reduction. The number of studies was too limited to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the initiative.
This systematic review sought evidence to compare the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy with a standardised treatment for sleep bruxism, but only seven studies met the inclusion criteria. Studies evaluating bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, and levodopa were of low risk of bias, while four studies were of uncertain risk. The results were imprecise and inconsistent between studies, but overall, there was insufficient evidence to answer our question regarding effectiveness.
We found 10 studies of varying quality which recruited a total of 1015 participants with ARDS. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the studies as having high risk of bias due to their methodologically flawed designs. We are uncertain whether immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants reduces the duration of stay in hospital but does not produce any difference in all-cause mortality between treatment groups. Adverse events are also uncertain, as confidence intervals range from 0.01 to 5.71, and the evidence is of very low quality.
This review investigated whether the different methods of questioning participants in studies led to the same results. Only two studies were included in the review, which met the inclusion criteria. Two of these studies were of good quality. One study of two studies suggested that more severe, bothersome, or otherwise clinically relevant AEs were reported more often when an initial open enquiry was conducted, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. More research is needed.
We searched for relevant studies up to January 2019 and found 10 studies with a total of 364 records. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect of nocturnal supervision in people with epilepsy. Further research is needed to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing SUDEP in individuals with epilepsy who also have epilepsy.
This review sought evidence from high quality studies comparing autogenic drainage with other forms of airway clearance. Only seven studies were found, of which seven studies of 208 participants were eligible for inclusion. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. There were no statistically significant differences between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for the level of uncertainty in the overall results.
Twenty-five studies were included in the review, of which 22 studies involving 1060 participants contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on thirteen studies, all using a CBT approach, psychological therapies were more effective than TAU/WL in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. Six studies compared CBT against supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy at post-treatment.
Twelve trials involving 1,856 women were included in the review. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The meta-analysis of all trials suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogen supplementation. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit.
We included 14 studies with 1298 participants that compared psychosocial interventions with control conditions, and found that there was no clear evidence that there is no difference in outcomes between the interventions in terms of preterm birth rates, loss of pregnancy outcomes, and lack of follow up of the babies of women who have had drugs. We also found no evidence of differences in outcomes of mothers who have drug use during pregnancy. Overall, the evidence is of low to moderate quality.
Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term adverse events and bleeding episodes but there is insufficient evidence to answer long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia which met the inclusion criteria for this review. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of the review.
Three well-conducted randomised trials of women with breast cancer were included in the review. There were no significant differences between the methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-less likely survival, and overall toxicity.
We found nine randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 622 participants. The trials were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up. Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (control group). The other three trials tested CrP alone. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of CrP supplements in overweight or obese adults. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects.
The review of trials found no robust evidence of the effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation for wound healing. Further research into this highly important issue needs to be undertaken to find out which treatments are best for people with SWHSI.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different techniques during either amniocentesis or CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence presented in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be welcome.
We included 10 studies: four studies were randomised trials (1182 participants), three studies were non-RCTs (1137 live births), and two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), and one study was conducted in a lower-income country (Bangladesh). Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of losses to follow up.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,124,483 babies were included in the review. Varying study designs, outcomes reported and summary measures precluded calculation of pooled estimates and only data from one study were analysed. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better among screened participants; 33% of screened versus 50% of control participants had Wisconsin chest X-ray (WCXR) scores over five, and the odds ratio of weight and height were significantly worse. In screened participants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. The evidence from these trials does not support the use of the 'lower' systolic and diastolic blood pressure targets, which aim to reduce deaths and have fewer serious adverse events (less frequent episodes of stroke). There was not enough evidence to decide whether there is more benefit for people with diabetes who aim to have a lower blood pressure, but there was some evidence of increased risk of stroke, heart failure, and a reduction in the risk of other serious outcomes.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for the review. The review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing diabetes related plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. However, there was not enough evidence to say whether or not these were more effective than other treatments such as surgery.
Five randomised controlled trials of cognitive training interventions were included in the review and revealed five different forms of non-pharmacological treatment. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training were identified, two of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation and one of physical activity training. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that these interventions may reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. However, more, better-designed studies are needed to reach a firm conclusion about the benefits and harms of this approach.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with the most frequent type being parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. There was no statistically significant difference between the intervention groups in terms of mortality, renal recovery and risk of infection. Further trials with larger numbers of participants are needed to establish the most effective treatment for colon cancer.
Nine randomised controlled trials of 1867 women were included in the review. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations of the evidence were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and no evidence of follow up. Adverse events were not reported in any of the studies.
The review of trials found that there was only limited evidence to support the use of any one sclerosing agent over another in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another, but there was evidence suggesting that patients were less satisfied with the treatment. There was not enough evidence to decide whether there is a better quality evidence for or against which to measure effectiveness and safety of one treatment option. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
Seven randomised controlled trials were included in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven studies was not possible due to heterogeneity of the treatments and because many of the studies did not provide sufficient statistical information with their results. Allocation and blinding methodology was poorly described in most studies. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium. Of the studied agents, salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler was the most effective at reducing serum potassium, with evidence suggesting that it was more effective than insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline. The effectiveness of potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in trials and needs further study before firm recommendations can be made.
Our systematic review of trials found that antimicrobial lock solutions might reduce the risk of intra-amniotic infection but there is insufficient evidence to decide if they are more effective than control. Antibiotic antimicrobial and combined (antibiotic-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, and low blood pressure episodes respectively. However, the evidence is current to August 2019.
We included 15 randomised controlled studies of 1098 participants in this update. Of these, six studies investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight studies looked at anti-cancer prophylaxis and one study reported whether there were harmful or beneficial effects. The evidence from these studies suggests no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. More research is needed to clarify and confirm the benefits and harms of this approach to prevent CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients.
Three randomised controlled trials of 140 participants were included in the review. Overall, the risk of bias in these trials was unclear or high. There was insufficient evidence to guide practice with sweet potato preparations. Further observational trials and RCTs evaluating the effects of sweet potato are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
Our systematic review identified 62 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met the inclusion criteria. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the active cycle of breathing technique over any other airway clearance therapy.
Eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women were included in the review. The evidence from these trials suggests that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve ongoing pregnancy and miscarriage rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. However, more research is needed to investigate whether and how long it takes for a baby to be born and whether it changes the odds of miscarriage.
The review of five studies, which included a total of 694 babies, found that a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak and a risk of intra-amniotic infection. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD.
We found 33 studies involving 5110 patients of low methodological quality. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. No adverse effects were reported. In conclusion, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We found 38 single trials that evaluated the same issues. In terms of retention, the evidence from four trials suggested that the number of participants who returned to the trial did not drop by 10%. The evidence from one trial suggested that people who received the questionnaire did not have better health outcomes than those who received no intervention, and no evidence that the non-monetary incentives offered in the trials were more effective than the monetary incentives. There was no good evidence to support the use of a telephone survey as a form of communication for trial retention. More research is needed.
We included eight randomised controlled trials that recruited a total of 829 participants. Seven included studies related to the primary outcome, and eight studies provided data related to more than one secondary outcome. No studies reported significant differences between the primary review outcome: failure to adequately ventilate. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables: inadequate oxygenation (risk ratio (RR) 0.75, 95% confidence interval), and lack of oxygenation and ventilation (not estimable), respectively. More time was required to establish an effective airway using pLMA and cLMA, and the quality of evidence for all outcomes was of low quality. The data were insufficient to allow us to allow assessment of differences in postoperative nausea and vomiting episodes, and none of the studies reported postoperative oesophageal cancer episodes. The studies reported no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, coughing, and excessive leak.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials of children aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. We found only one study of low FODMAP diets and only one trial of fructose-restricted diets, meaning no pooled analyses were possible. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. We was unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or
Our systematic review of 22 studies, which included 4490 participants, found insufficient evidence to assess whether mass media interventions aimed at reducing discrimination were effective. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. The quality of the evidence is limited by the primary outcomes, which was low for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects and very low for costs.
We include 85 studies, including women and healthcare providers, in the review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, and 17 studies looked at the views of healthcare providers in relation to the ANC. We developed 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context, service design and provision, and what happens to women and staff. The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas, using women as the main target group. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant. The quality of healthcare provided in this review ranges from very low to moderate. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, flexible, and respectful of women's need for privacy, as and when they need it. It complements existing effectiveness reviews of models of ANC provision and adds essential insights into why a particular type of ANC provided in specific local contexts may or may not be acceptable, accessible, and for those with complications.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Overall, calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia episodes after SAH. However, more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first updated search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these studies, while the second update identified an erratum of the same study which is not yet published. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related deaths did not show any significant differences between the treatment groups. Overall survival was the only outcome able to be combined in one analysis, and this was at the end of a long period of treatment. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding adverse effects and quality of life, although possible higher levels of adverse effects should be taken into account.
We found eight randomised clinical trials with a total of 632 participants that investigated the role of TACE followed by 3-DCRT for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. The trials were of good quality, but of high risk of bias because of the methodological weaknesses in the included trials. We found evidence from one trial on health-related quality of life which suggested that TACE may be associated with lower all-cause mortality and increased tumour response, despite the increased toxicity expressed by a higher rise of total bilirubin. The trial results on non-serious adverse events were of very low quality.
No eligible trials were identified. Fourteen studies that appeared to be relevant were excluded, as no study directly compared increased versus standard energy intakes in babies with CLD/BPD. The other study showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements.
Our systematic review of 13 trials found that two-dimensional ultrasound was the most frequently used technique for subclavian and femoral vein catheterization, with a total of 2341 participants and involving 2360 procedures. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. No evidence was found of a difference in risk of inadvertent arterial puncture or other complications between the techniques. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
The review of trials found that there are no usable results from the intravenous infusion trials and the few trials of the conventional oral form showed no benefit of physostigmine compared with placebo. There were statistically significantly higher numbers of patients who withdrew from the trials due to adverse events and no difference between the drugs in terms of frequency of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, and vomiting episodes.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, and one trial recruited people with a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
Twelve trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding were included in the review. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The evidence from these studies suggests that TA was effective in decreasing the incidence of blood loss greater than 1000 mL in women who had undergone CS, but there is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, which could happen only in high-risk women.
We found 12 studies with a total of 1586 children and 908 elderly comparing amantadine versus placebo, paracetamol, diuretics or zanamivir in the treatment of influenza A. We found no evidence of adverse effects in the elderly. The evidence found in these studies was of low quality, with the risk of bias due to the lack of precision of the designs and the existing small number of trials.
Nine randomised controlled trials, which included 1512 women, met the inclusion criteria of this Cochrane review. Most of these studies had women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. We are uncertain whether endometrial injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates as the quality of the evidence was very low or very low. In all three comparisons there was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure. More well-designed studies are needed to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials, all of which were at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
Five randomised controlled trials which recruited a total of 149 participants were included in the review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus therapy, mesalazine plus cholestyramine, beclometasone dipropionate and beclosteretherapy. The other 3 studies were judged to be at high risk of bias because of the lack of precision of the results and the methodological quality of the studies. The trial which compared bismartha with placebo was judged as low quality due to a very small number of participants and limited data, but there were no differences in clinical or histological responses between the groups in terms of both clinical remission and loss of active lymphocytic colitis. Adverse events were the most frequently reported outcome: nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache.
Twelve randomised controlled trials were evaluated and evaluated outcomes in 3259 randomised patients. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators. There were few data on the other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of SMBG and its impact on diabetes specific quality of life and diabetic complications.
This review investigated the effectiveness of any kind of psychological treatment conducted in the treatment of adults with AsPD. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined, but only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. The results of this review suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review found 11 studies of up to 1047 participants that compared antibiotics with a placebo but found no convincing evidence of benefit for the common cold in children or adults. There was an increase in adverse effects in the studies of antibiotics for acute purulent rhinitis in children and adults, which suggests that there may be something to be concerned with in terms of lack of cure or persistence of symptoms, which may go undetected.
We found five randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 162 randomised participants aged 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. The trials did not measure the proportion of participants with clear or almost clear skin, adverse events, and the percentage of people with chronic plaque psoriasis.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials that tested vitamin D in 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparison of the control group. We found that vitamin D had no significant effect on the risk of relapse within a range of 52 weeks' follow-up. The other two studies found no effect of vitamin D on the physical components of the HRQOL scale, with no consistent pattern of change in these immunological outcomes. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, proportion of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. Seven ongoing studies will provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review.
We found seven new studies that recruited fewer than 100 participants, and one ongoing study that is not yet complete. Overall we judged the included studies to be at high risk of bias, because the methods of randomisation and allocation concealment were poorly reported. In the previous update, a standard of 'no worse than mild pain' was set, equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a visual analogue pain intensity scale (VAS), or the equivalent in other pain scales. Eighteen studies achieved this level of pain relief on average, and no study reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% of participants experienced moderate to severe pain within a reasonably short time period. The review also shows the wide range of study designs, and inconsistency in cross-over designs. It was not clear if these trials were sufficiently powered to detect any clinical differences between formulations or comparator drugs. Adverse events were common, predictable, and approximately 6% of patients discontinued treatment with morphine because of intolerable adverse events.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials were included in the studies, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up of participants' results after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, inconsistency and imprecision. Based on these results, which represent all the available evidence of sufficient quality for inclusion in this review, we are uncertain whether open surgery increased the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) more easily than steroid injection.
Three randomised controlled trials with 931 participants were included in the review. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias. Use of biomarkers including codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q with or without IDH-1 or -2 mutation were supported by all of the trials, but PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities.
We included five randomised controlled trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up of the participants was measured four times. Three trials compared intranasal steroids against placebo; and two trials compared oral montelukast against placebo. The evidence from these studies suggests that there is insufficient evidence to answer the question of whether there are benefits and harms for children with OSA. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment is unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established for polysomnography-based outcomes in children. Adverse events were measured and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature, and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment as an outcome.
We found six randomised controlled trials, including 1291 children, which investigated the prevention of VTE in paediatric oncology patients with CVCs. We found no significant results of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events between studies. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, renal recovery after VTE, or infection-related episodes. All studies investigated the prevalence of major and/or minor bleeding episodes, and none found a significant difference between study groups.
Three randomised controlled trials with a total of 287 participants were evaluated. Overall, there are limited data supporting the use of CSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 662 participants, in this review. Our primary outcomes were as follows: Participants-rated global improvement, Percentage of participants reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and the level of evidence for each outcome. The evidence is inconsistent among the studies and needs to be interpreted with caution. In practice, NB-UVB is considered ineffective for PPP in clinical practice, Pooled data from two left-right body comparison studies suggested that withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different between the intervention groups.
Twenty one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had high risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. The evidence from these studies does not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises and biofeedback therapy in the management of people with faecal incontinence. There is only limited evidence to support the use of either method of treatment and further, larger, well-designed studies are needed to reach a final conclusion.
Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any difference in urinary tract infection. Using a urinary catheter versus not using one was heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter was not used postoperatively. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of urinary tract infections and a delay in normal voiding.
Ten studies with 3340 participants were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants) and the other two studies used haloperidol and lithium, with the overall risk of bias unclear. A systematic search of the literature and a quantitative assessment of the results suggests that ariprazole is an effective treatment for mania in adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to gastrointestinal disturbances and movement disorders which may go undetected.
The review of trials found no evidence of significant difference between antibiotic or other lock treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. The cohort studies identified no adverse events and some studies reported CVC malfunctioning. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to investigate this highly important issue.
The purpose of this review was to assess how effective educational messages were at reducing pain in adults with TPE. Only three randomised controlled trials were included in the review and all but one had high risk of bias. Of these, which recruited a total of 348 participants, the evidence from three trials suggested that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial than no treatment but did not show whether it helped people with acute whiplash-related pain. Very low to very low quality evidence suggested that self-care programmes did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain but did play a role in reducing anxiety related to stress. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learn skill acquisition.
The Cochrane review found no studies meeting the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria were included and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, which is presented in appendices to the review and which provides clear evidence that there is insufficient rigorous evidence to decide whether communication with people at risk of CJD or vCJD risk is more effective than another treatment.
We found one randomised clinical trial of opioids versus placebo, which compared opioids with a placebo containing active substances that prevent clotting of blood platelets (i.e. drugs). The trial was of low quality, with only a limited number of participants and a limited length of follow-up. More adverse events were reported in the drug group than in the placebo group. The major outcomes were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache.
This review of 15 trials, which included 1022 adults with dorsally displaced and potentially or evidently unstable distal radial fractures of any cell type, found some evidence to support the use of external fixation of the distal radius in adults with primary oesophageal cancer. There was insufficient evidence to assess whether external fixation was a better treatment than plaster cast. More research is needed.
Five studies with 1127 patients were included in the review. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged to be low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised designs. It is uncertain whether early stent removal verus late stent reduction improved the incidence of MUC.
We included five studies that evaluated three different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns, one of which was the Hall Technique. In the two studies using crowns fitted using the conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. One study reported outcomes in the short term and found no reports of major failure or pain in either groups. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns with white veneers. It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn.
This review investigated the effectiveness of PEP versus other methods of airway clearance in adults with CF. A total of 28 studies involving 788 children and adults were included in the review; 18 studies involving 296 participants were cross-over in designs. Data were not published in sufficient detail in most of these studies to perform any meta-analysis. The evidence provided by this review is of mixed quality, but there was little or no evidence of differences between the techniques in terms of lung function, adverse events, and the number of respiratory exacerbations. Following meta-analyses of the results of trials, which used methods which mimic the natural order of events, in an attempt to answer our question regarding effectiveness and quality of life for patients with CF, the Cochrane Review found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether PEP is a better treatment than ACBT, HFCWO, and ACBT. There was limited evidence for other outcomes, which was measured in five studies, two of which found no events. The most frequent outcomes were forced expiratory volume in one second and the most frequently reported outcomes were respiratory exacerbation (low-quality evidence), long-term and mucus clearance. The results for the remaining outcome measures were not examined or reported in enough detail to allow any definitive conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of the interventions for CF. It is important to note that all studies had a risk of bias in how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. This also applies as conditions vary between baseline function.
Four studies with 1485 participants with CDAI were included in the review and found that: CZP was found to be superior to placebo in inducing remission and in decreasing the risk of serious adverse events, with an overall risk of worsening of Crohn's disease, infections, and malignancy, with a risk of bleeding of blood platelets (moderate certainty evidence), but at the cost of greater uncertainty in terms of the safety and effectiveness of the treatment compared to placebo.
One hundred and twelve studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Of these, 26 studies reported disaggregated and extractable data on at least one outcome of interest and were included in our meta-analyses. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was frequently high or unclear. In chronic heart failure, the effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone antagonists on death, hospitalisation, and risk of hyperkalaemia were uncertain.
Three randomised controlled studies of 1945 women were included in the review. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different.
We included two randomised controlled trials that recruited a total of 54 participants with CVI. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we could not pool the data. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction were observed in the exercise group compared with the control group. The other study measured variable peak torque at fast speed, which was lower than the control condition. Future research into the effect of physical exercise should consider types of exercise protocols, sample size, blinding and homogeneity according to the severity of the disease.
The review of trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for people with knee oA which has more local adverse effects than no treatment. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of the different classes of products in which to compare the results and it is important to note that the trials included in the review were small and at a high risk of bias because of the methodological quality of some of the trials. Overall, the available evidence is current to August 2019.
We found ten randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 women which met the inclusion criteria. Adjunctive use of misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonics did not improve outcomes but was likely to lead to an increase in vomiting and shivering episodes. The review suggests that among women who received oxytocin for the treatment of primary PPH, adverse events were less likely but the blood loss was more likely. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods needs further evaluation.
Six randomised controlled trials were included in the review. The majority of patients were preterm babies. The evidence from these studies does not support routine use of cysteine-containing PN in extremely low birth weight babies.
We found 77 randomised controlled trials which recruited a total of 6287 participants. We found that only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. The other trials were at high risk of systematic error in one or more domains. Overall, all the evidence was of very low quality. We present here only the comparisons of active intervention versus no intervention in which two or more trials reported at least one of the following outcomes: mortality at maximal follow-up, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life. None of the trials reported health-quality evidence. The trials were conducted and reported appropriately, but the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. There was no evidence of difference in mortality between the intervention groups (less than 1% of people who died during the course of the study), or between the number of serious events between the trials which reported the proportion of people with serious adverse episodes, and the quality evidence for all other outcomes. The trial results were combined to see whether the interventions were equally well tolerated by patients with NAFLD who received the drug(s) and whether they had the chance of having a serious adverse event (less likely to be treated with the drug). The trials had some serious methodological flaws which limit our confidence in their results. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with sufficiently large numbers of participants are necessary.
We included 15 studies of randomised controlled trials of people with dementia during which 1172 participants with CSF had dementia who also had other conditions which made it difficult to detect whether they were affected by the CSF. We found that in all 15 studies, fewer than one person with Alzheimer's disease was found to have dementia during the course of the study. In only one study did we find evidence of benefit, which was based on fewer numbers of participants and with similar conditions, but this result must be interpreted with caution, as the studies were small and at a high risk of bias due to the possibility of bias from study participants being put into the treatment groups at random.
We found three single-centre, two-arm randomised controlled trials which recruited a total of 170 men aged between 50 and 75 years who were undergoing surgery. All participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. We found evidence showing no clinically meaningful differences in postoperative pain between the two anaesthetics. We also found evidence suggesting that propofol may prevent an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning compared with sevoflurane and inhalational anaesthetic. However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, quality of life outcomes, length of stay or costs. Overall the evidence is of low to very low quality. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology.
We included 7 new observational studies, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 participants, in this update. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes. We further downgraded the evidence because of imprecision in low birth weight and inconsistency in foetal death. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birthweight in women who received potent to very potent topical steroids during pregnancy, but the evidence from two other studies indicated no difference in birth outcomes between the intervention groups. The evidence from three studies suggested a decreased risk of intra-amniotic infection, but this evidence must be interpreted with caution, as all studies were of low quality.
We found four randomised controlled trials, which recruited a total of 611 participants with bacterial keratitis of any cell type. Three trials were included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. The total number of participants in the trials was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. All trials reported data on visual acuity ranging from three weeks to one year, and none of them found any important difference between the corticosteroid and the control group. The trial of the largest trial found that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower than the placebo but there was no difference in intraocular pressure episodes between the intervention groups. The investigators of the trials reported that more patients who received steroids had a slightly higher risk of having a stroke, which may or may be an over-estimate due to the small studies and the methodological quality of three trials. We did not find any reports regarding economic outcomes.
We found four randomised controlled trials with a total of 450 participants that compared percutaneous vascular interventions with intravenous thrombolytic treatment. The evidence from these studies is current to August 2019. We found no evidence from randomised trials of superior quality for ischaemic stroke with respect to functional outcome.
We found one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children, which provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. The trial was of good quality, but small. However, it had some serious methodological flaws which limit the strength of the findings. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children, and the findings of this review do not yet reflect the results of future studies.
This review sought evidence to assess the extent to which a systematic approach to histologic healing in adults with primary oesophageal cancer has been effective. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. Inter-rater reliability was evaluated for all 11 of the scoring indices. Two of the included scoring indices were tested for responsiveness.
Three randomised trials of three different measures of foot and ankle function were included in the review, which recruited a total of 213 participants aged between 41 to 44 years, with 112 participants of whom 112 being male. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality. Based on the results of these three trials, which used methods that could not be combined, which means that no conclusions could be drawn from them, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions about the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The evidence from two ongoing trials of nailing versus plating should help answer this question.
Our systematic review of 11 trials, which included 38,742 participants, found that there was a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or a diuretic during stroke or TIA, with a reduction in the risk of major vascular injury (less frequent episodes of stroke). However, more research is needed.
Five hundred nineteen men from four trials were included in the review. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one used a preparation containing 100% B-stestosterols. The evidence from three trials suggested positive results for peak urine flow and lack of episodes of constipation, suggesting that these interventions may help men with BPH but their long term effectiveness is uncertain.
We included randomised controlled trials comparing regular salmeterol with placebo or with an inactive treatment to assess the risk of asthma-related serious adverse events. We found no significant evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. There is also a clear increase in risk of fatal or non-fatal serious events in patients not using inhaled corticosteroids in the two large studies of people with asthma who were included in the review.
Two studies enrolling preterm babies with respiratory distress were included in the review. Both studies had methodological concerns including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment or measurement and substantial post allocation losses. Neither study reported any significant benefits in neonatal morbidity or mortality from use of thyroid hormones. Meta-analysis of two studies found no significant difference in mortality to discharge.
We found 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants that evaluated the effect of non-absorbable disaccharides on mortality, renal recovery, and quality of life outcomes. We found no convincing evidence to support the use of lactulose or lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the non-abstinence-based treatment of people with hepatic encephalopathy, but the evidence overall was of very low quality.
In this updated review, 65 studies involving 3598 participants were evaluated; 45 studies involving 2698 participants were included in the meta-analysis. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular disease, or graft loss. The evidence from these studies is current to January 2019. Compared to placebo, bisphosphonate therapy administered over 12 months in transplant recipients may prevent fracture (low certainty evidence), while it is uncertain whether other treatments such as vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin can reduce the risk of hypocalcaemia and may lead to a risk of other episodes of injury (very low certainty evidence). The evidence for children and young adolescents was of very low certainty.
We found four randomised controlled trials that studied the same primary outcomes, with a total of 317 people. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of the review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. Based on these results, there is insufficient evidence to decide whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with 3057 participants that compared antibiotics versus placebo or no treatment. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (low risk, high-quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (low to unclear risk of bias, mixed evidence) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse events.
Eight randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Three trials were performed in the United States and one each in England. The evidence from these studies suggested no significant difference between the two types of lymphadenectomy, with the quality of the evidence being limited to moderate to moderate quality. The risk of postoperative bleeding was the only outcome able to be taken into account in these studies.
Thirteen randomised controlled trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. The results of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however, low.
We included two studies of people with dementia and people with or without dementia who had had the procedure for videofluoroscopy. The first study investigated the immediate effects of two viscosities of liquids, which were more consistent with descriptions for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, but had more adverse effects. The second study, a parallel designed trial, compared the effect of nectar and honey thick liquids with a chin down head posture, showed more long-term effects than the first study. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were evaluated. The evidence from the largest trial suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were inconsistent and more data are awaited.
We included a total of 984 studies that recruited people with COPD of any kind, at any time after onset. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. No adverse events were reported. Quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate, with evidence suggesting beneficial effects in reducing the risk of disability and in promoting healthy lifestyles. However, evidence of very low quality suggested beneficial effects of Tai Chi versus usual care. When Tai Chi in addition to other interventions was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial outcomes with Tai Chi.
We found 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants that compared virtual reality and interactive video gaming. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality was not more beneficial than conventional therapy in improving upper limb function. There was a hint that virtual reality may be helpful in improving activities of daily living, but the evidence was of low quality. The risk of bias in many studies could not be established and the results were only reported in a minority of studies. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and they were all relatively mild.
Five randomised controlled trials with 1330 participants were included in the review. None of the trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Relapse and adverse events were not reported. More research is needed.
