A total of 38 studies involving 7843 children were included in this review. Asthma education aimed at children and their carers who visit to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in lower risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Over 48 hours, opioid consumption was reduced by 13 mg/kg/minute (moderate-quality evidence; 37 studies, 2449 participants). Ketamine reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia (11.9 to −2.2) by 7 cm² (very-low quality evidence; 7 studies 3334 participants). We downgraded the quality of evidence once if numbers of participants were small but small study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-study effects likely but testing not possible. Results for pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity. No analysis by dose was possible.
The review of trials found that a combination of MSP/RESA vaccine with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine) does indeed reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect on the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific.
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included in the review. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, using a range of frequencies of electrical fields. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (risk ratio 1.96; 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 4.48; 4 trials). No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. Further well-conducted randomised controlled trials are needed.
A total of 1831 participants were randomised to drain (915 participants) or no drain (916 participants) in 12 randomised clinical trials included in this review. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. The length of hospital stay was similar in both groups. The operating time was longer in the drain group than in the no drain group. Only two trials including 199 participants were of low risk of bias. Nine trials included patients undergoing planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy. One trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes.
Forty-nine randomised controlled trials involving 3639 participants were included in the review. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. The positive results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable significance. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the adverse events occurring. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored adverse events. The conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution.
Data from randomised controlled trials comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
The evidence is current to September 2013. We found 12 trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised IUD insertion immediately after abortion. The quality of evidence was moderate for the use and expulsion of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A was more likely for immediate insertion than for delayed insertion. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates, respectively.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of meditation practice on the outcomes of patients with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the trial publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. The results suggest that meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the meditation arms compared to the control group. According to the GRADE criteria, we judged the overall quality of evidence for all predefined outcomes as'very low', due to the lack of reporting in the abstract publication only, missing data, and the small sample size. The quality of the evidence for overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events was unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. The level of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, in comparison to the usual care control group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The overall lack of information means that we are uncertain as to whether meditation practice is beneficial or not for the outcome of reducing depression or improving survival and anxiety in these patients.
The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given beyond three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens in four trials (three trials that reported deaths and one other trial). None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophylactic antibiotics or giving antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA infections.
We included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) in the review. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow the assessment of important outcomes to be meaningful. The results suggest that women managed in hospital were less likely to have a caesarean section and spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Home care was associated with reduced costs.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a different effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical.
There are very few long-term studies to date examining the effects of green or black tea for CVD prevention.
Two small trials recruiting 23 participants in total were included in the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Currently, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of azathioprine as a steroid sparing agent in the treatment of chronic asthma. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
The findings of this updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
The evidence is current to August 2015. We included all five trials with 3427 participants in our review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The overall quality of evidence was moderate to high for overall survival and progression-free survival, as well as for other important outcomes, as treatment blinding was not feasible. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. The observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours, which would not be seen until around 15 years after treatment. No analysis of male fertility was provided.
Fifteen studies including 1835 cancer patients were included in the review and because of multiple arms studies we included 19 evaluations. In all studies a radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. We found moderate quality evidence that multidisciplinary interventions (including physical, psycho-educational and/or vocational components) led to higher RTW rates than care as usual.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. The trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and the Scottish government. There is one additional trial that is not yet complete. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The overall quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and lack of blinding of participants and personnel.
We included 32 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 3666 women. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study suggested that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of the studies reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium.
The review question remains unanswered as there are no randomised controlled trials of methods of communication in this area. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of research studies investigating this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice.
We included two new studies, one of which was an update of a previously included study. Therefore, we have 17 studies with 1006 randomised participants in this update. Due to the nature of the interventions of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the participant was in the intervention or control group. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of bias. In general, the studies were well designed and executed. The evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with long-term follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
The trials evaluated 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelostine, emedastine, levocabastine. mequitastazine, mequitazine, bepotentine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and combination of pemirolast potassium. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo.
Two studies were included within the review and a third is still underway. Both studies were conducted in Indigenous communities and targeted at the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American countries (1505 participants in total). One found no difference in the number of Indigenous youth who smoked weekly at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group, though there was a significant difference in this was not found at later time points after the study. The second found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post-intervention time points (p < 0.05), but both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials that investigated the optimal blood transfusion policy for women with other variants of sickle cell disease (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). We found only one trial that met our inclusion criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in the women who received either prophylactic or selective red blood cell transfusion. Other relevant maternal outcomes, such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haemolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in clinical practice and policy.
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses.
This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We performed additional searches in 2012 and 2014, but found no additional trials meeting the minimum inclusion criteria. Nine trials evaluated the dose-related blood pressure-lowering efficacy of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering efficacy of loop diurytics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) is likely an overestimate. We graded the quality of evidence for both low- and middle-quality outcomes as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 randomised clinical trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or time to return to work. The length of hospital stay and the time taken for participants to leave the hospital were similar in both groups (three trials, 242 participants, low quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We identified 74 studies as eligible for this review and classified them according to the antigens they detected. In comparisons with microscopy, we found 71 evaluations of type 1 tests, eight evaluations of Type 2 tests and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests, respectively. Quality of the studies could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting of information, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. falciparum would be 34 with Type 1 tests and nine with Type 4 tests.
Five studies were included in the review. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies reported on the effects of changing the length of consultation on the use of resources. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants's characteristics and small sample sizes. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
Three studies met the inclusion criteria (Milinkovic 2007; McComsey 2008; Sanchez-Conde 2005). All three studies were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the studies. The studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events.
We included 10 trials with 1658 participants in our review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre. We found five trials to be of low risk of bias and five to be at moderate risk of variable quality. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit deaths without increasing the risk of barotrauma, but had no effect on 28-day and hospital deaths. Data revealed no differences in risk of mortality, in-hospital deaths or in the time taken for patients to be admitted to hospital. Results are based upon the findings of several trials (five) that included a co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure, making interpretation of the results difficult.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to the absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised controlled trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
The evidence is current to September 2013. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressants and benzodiazepines in terms of response rate, dropouts due to any cause, or side effects. Information on side effects was very limited. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide information for all the outcomes specified in the original protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in the review. Three trials compared plastic stents to surgery, and the addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further trials are needed to determine the best stent type for these patients.
We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and interrupted-time-series (ITS) studies that evaluated the implementation of alcohol advertising restrictions in the general population of young people. The RCTs evaluated the effect of introducing an advertising ban to a total of 80 male student participants who were recruited in the Netherlands and published in 2009, and the three ITS studies evaluated the effects of introducing a total ban on alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. Using the GRading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population and imprecision in the results. No other outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies, and no adverse effects were reported in any of these studies.
Eight studies with 182 infants were included in the review. None of the studies addressed long-term growth or development of the babies' growth and development. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to how well the MCT formula formula worked in relation to adverse effects. The meta-analysis of weight gain in g/d based on two studies showed no evidence of difference (WMD 2.09 g/D, 95% CI -1.46, 5.64). Length gain, based on five studies, showed a non-significant WMD of 0.35 g/kg/d (95% CI-1.44, 0.74) and head growth, from five studies (wMD 0.03 cm/kg) showed no difference (kg/kg per month). Two studies reported no evidence that using a high MCT formulation had any effect on incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), which is a potentially serious problem in newborn infants.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on 31 May 2017. The evidence in this review is up-to-date at 31 December 2017. Transcervical amnioinfusion had no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis (low-quality evidence), neonatal infection, or severe complication of neonatal encephalopathy (such as lack of Apgar score at five minutes after birth), nor on the duration of hospitalisation. The included study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes of interest. The overall quality of the evidence was low, with small numbers of women in the trial and a lack of information on blinding.
Three studies with 1620 participants were included in the review. The Mini-Cog accuracy in community settings was assessed as 0.99, 0.76 and 099. There were limitations in the way the studies were conducted, specifically with regards to the methods for participant selection, which introduced potential bias. Further research is needed.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources.
We included six new studies (517 participants) in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, we found no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment is beneficial in chronic pain.
The studies were often of poor quality and involved small numbers of patients. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A combination of professional interventions improved process outcomes. Organisational interventions that improve regular prompted recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve patient health outcomes.
Five trials were included in the review, with a total of 1503 women. The trials compared the following methods: oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); low-quality evidence showed no difference between the two methods in effectiveness over one and three years, but LNG- IUS was associated with a higher proportion of women who discontinued for other personal reasons than in the COC group, which may have little clinic relevance.
Eighty-eight trials were included (13 new trials). Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improvement in bronchial hyper-reactivity following immunotherapy. Overall it would have been necessary to treat four patients (95% CI 3 to 6) with immunotherapy to avoid one requiring increased medication. One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids.
Six trials involving 1297 patients were included in the review. Mortality at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay were significantly reduced with a RR of 0.80 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69 to 0.92). Overall mortality was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials, makes interpretation of the combined results difficult.
We included 15 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants in our review. The evidence is current to January 2016. The RCTs were of low methodological quality. The results from two trials suggest that time to emergence from anaesthesia was not different with sevoflurane compared with propofol, but the time needed to emerge from a coma was similar with both techniques, at least when compared with a wait-list control. Results suggest that lower risk of nausea and vomiting was experienced by participants who took propofco than with those who took sev ofluranes, and greater risk of haemodynamic changes were observed. The quality of the evidence for adverse events was low, mainly due to the limited number of studies.
This review found no convincing evidence that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) enrolling 3474 patients in this updated review. However, PTCRA appears to be associated with nine times the risk of an angiographically detectable vascular spasm (seven times the chance of a perforation of the heart, one-hundredth of a centimetre artery or more) and about twice the risks of transient vessel occlusions (seven hundred and thirty centimetres of irregular blood flowing around the body) compared to angioplasty alone. Morphological characteristics of these complex lesions have not been examined in trials.
The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebulised rhDNase in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolitis.
The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. Further research into this technique would be beneficial.
The two randomized controlled trials included in this review tested the effect of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects. A total of 24.5 for the sponge and 10.9 for the diaphragm in the UK trial.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. In the first study the main cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for the prevention of cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. There is supportive evidence that memantine may help to prevent cognitive deficits for adults with brain metastases receiving cranial irradiation.
The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and the imprecision of the reported results. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen in preventing miscarriages in women with a history of diabetes. We found two trials (281 pregnancies and 282 unborn babies) that met our inclusion criteria. The second trial was based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). The trial showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the combined group and the no treatment group. The trial did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes.
Both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care.
We found no new studies since the previous version of this review. Nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators. The higher dose was clearly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. A total of 7.2, 3.2 and 4.0, respectively were 7.7 and 6.3, respectively. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo in all studies.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). Due to differences in study characteristics, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform a meta-analysis was limited. Our review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based or placebo tears in two trials (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory results or found no between-group differences. We assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reported 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
The aim of this review was to evaluate second-line therapies in patients who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. One randomised trial in 136 patients and two observational studies (both of low quality) suggest no difference in virological outcomes whether or not lamivudine is maintained in a second line regimen.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in our review. The studies were conducted in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, France, the Netherlands, the United States, and the United Kingdom. For the outcomes of difficult face mask ventilation, difficult laryngoscopy, and failed intubation, we found six studies for the upper lip bite test, 105 for the modified Mallampati test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for the thyromental distance, 18 for a sternomental distance in one study, 34 for a mouth opening test, and 30 for a reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. We found that all investigated index tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. In contrast, specificities were consistently consistently observed and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests.
Sixty-three studies with 8014 participants were included in the review. Of these, 56 trials recruited infants and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in the species of organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. Probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect varied considerably between studies. The overall quality of the included studies was variable. Overall, probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoeas. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
The evidence is up-to-date at 31 December 2012. We found only one small randomised controlled trial (total 52 participants) that examined the effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This trial was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD 2.00, 95% CI 0.13 to 3.87) and medium term (N = 37, 0.09 to 2.54) but with no statistical significance. Results for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and for side effects/events of death, we found no statistical difference between the intervention and control groups.
We included eight randomised controlled studies (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 3283 participants (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg pergabalin), with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Pregabalin 300 to 600 mg was experienced by about 28% of participants with placebo, but about 11% were withdrawn early with this dose (high quality evidence). A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily pregABalin to placebo, and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. Of those randomised participants with MTR, 40% had MTR and 20% had placebo. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design.
The included trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between magnesium sulphate and placebo in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor in gestational age at birth (mean difference (MD) -0.20 weeks; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05 to 5.46; 135 infants). There were no significant differences seen between groups in rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium Sulate when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus. An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment.
Four studies met the eligibility criteria for the review. Two used cognitive and behavioural therapy through counselling and behavioural therapies, one via text message support and the other delivered through clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were collected across all studies, with a statistically non-significant but clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of this review is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results. The limited but available evidence reported does indicate that smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. More research is needed.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in our review. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or ICU mortality) or cost for adult patients in intensive care. Four studies, conducted in the United States, reported costs based on hospital charges, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis and did not show a statistically significant hospital cost difference (mean difference USD 900, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2620 to 4420, P = 0.62). The quality of evidence was high for deaths and LOS but low for cost analysis. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients.
Six studies (n = 478) of variable quality were included in the review. The use of a sweet tasting solution further reduces the pain. The NNT to avoid one repeat skin puncture was 3.95% CI 2 to 4). Cry characteristics favoured the venepuncture group but the differences were reduced by the provision of sweet tasting solutions prior to either procedure.
This review found two poor quality studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with broken down perineal wounds following giving birth. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however this was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months and six months. Neither trial reported data on pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perinea wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression; or the mother's satisfaction or depression. There is an urgent need for a large, good quality randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, preventing a pooling of results. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations in the trials. More high-quality randomised controlled trials with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We identified 8 studies (580 participants) as eligible for inclusion in this review. None of the studies compared the same interventions. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any particular treatment is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events.
The results suggest that the addition of one or more drugs to the regimen leads to a statistically significant advantage for tumour response, but the results suggest no difference in survival time or time to progression.
The Information Specialist of the National Institute of Health and Care ran an electronic search of the available trials to find other trials. One hundred and thirty records were found. The costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies.
We included 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias in the included studies was generally unclear or high in the studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded to their treatment. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. No studies reported any harms of therapeutic ultrasound, but this information was only measured in three studies. Differences between groups receiving different frequencies and intensities of ultrasound, and between ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention versus other surgical interventions, were generally small and not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in the review. The interventions were pravastatin, atorvASTatin, simvastatin and clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death.
The studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a mixed group of studies of variable methodological quality.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for the meta-analysis. The results suggest that yoga can be as effective as other exercise interventions for improving health-related quality of life and reducing fatigue and sleep disturbances, as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared with psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression or anxiety in the short term, or anxiety or fatigue in the long term. No study reported safety-related data. Four studies that compared yoga versus psychsocial/educationational interventions provided moderate-quality evidence, indicating that yoga reduces depression and anxiety, and reduces fatigue and fatigue in both the short and medium term, compared with no therapy. Three studies compared yoga with exercise, but did not show any short-term effects on depression or fatigue, or safety, or fatigue. The quality of evidence for yoga versus other interventions ranged between "very low" and "low".
We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies.
Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups, and numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar (2 RCTs, 70, 95% CI 0.46 to 2.03, very low quality evidence). There were no useable data available for other key outcomes of clinical importance, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet evidence comparing this drug to metisapine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. Nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 885 participants. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. The results were as follows. 1. There was no difference in effectiveness between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol use, measured as scores on the AUDIT orASSIST test) at three months, or for any of the secondary outcomes reported. The quality of evidence for the main outcomes was low to very low. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm.
We identified 23 randomised controlled trials with 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials.
We found seven randomized controlled trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramps (n = 322). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. The trials were conducted in Australia, Canada, France, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the USA, Italy, the United Kingdom and the United States. None of the trials included pregnant-associated muscle cramps or other adverse effects, for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo.
The evidence is current to January 2018. We only found one study that studied a home-based exercise training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. People performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the people did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The study did not assess the effects of physical exercise training on physical activity levels. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
Two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149) were included in the review. Both trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain unanswered about its effect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed with emphasis on safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the results are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, meaning that any effects could be inflation by risk of bias.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (2210 participants) in this updated review. In all people had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores, and we found no evidence about harms. A similar result was seen in studies looking at feedback devices, but the number of people in the control group was similar for both the intervention and control groups. One study reported no difference in flare-ups, adverse events or unscheduled visits to healthcare providers, and others provided inconclusive results. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life, but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children.
Three small randomised controlled trials, involving 226 participants in total, were included in this review. None of the trials reported information on the primary outcome measure of mannitol success (death and dependency) that would be the general well-being of people in terms of independence in everyday activities. The trial of ischaemic stroke did not report its outcome. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and the percentage of those patients with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between manlitol-treated and control groups. Adverse events were either not found or not reported in the ICH trials. Death and disability could not be calculated in the larger ICH trial. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects nor significant harms could be proved.
D-penicillamine appears to have a clinically significant benefit on the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
All of them were of low quality. Due to the methodological limitations of these studies, there is no strong demonstration of benefit. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of decoctions of Chinese herbs, particularly Astragalus spp (as in Huangqi), on chemotherapy-related side effects.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA combined. None of the RCTs had a protocol available, so selective reporting bias was unclear for all. In addition, the method of random sequence generation was not clearly described in any of the trials, so there was an unclear risk of bias in the trial results. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by other trials. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. Based on the results of three randomized controlled trials, we do not find clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with RP in terms of visual field loss or visual acuity loss.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants at risk of job loss. Two RCTs investigated job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning and one RCT investigated sickness absenteeism. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: first, by evaluating work changes or adaptations, and second, by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice and education. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. The two smaller trials we assessed as having a high risk of bias, and the large trial as being of low quality. We judged no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. While this review highlights that further high quality studies are needed, the results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation.
We included four trials with 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blinded controlled trials that studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo. There was no significant difference in drop-out or recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of INCS. No significant adverse events were reported. Clinicians should weigh the modest but important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to the lack of vancomycin in the infusate. There is a theoretical concern regarding the development of resistant organisms with the administration of prophylactic antibiotic.
We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. A single small trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze suggests delayed healing with delayed healing. The results of this trial are not interpretable since there was a large loss to follow up. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression, WMD -25.60 days, 95% CI -49.08 to -2.12 days (1 trial). There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials). PAIN: Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials).  Patient SATISFACTION: Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied with their treatment than those receiving alternative dressings. COSTS: The cost of gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). LENGTH of HOSPITAL STAY: Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied compared to elastic compression (WMD -30.10 days, 49.82 to -10.38).
We included 11 trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs.
We included 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. Larger and better studies are needed.
Four studies involving 494 participants were included in the review. In patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of a 10-mg or a 5-mg loading dose for initiation of warfarin to achieve an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 555 participants. Three studies compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with conventional care. Two studies compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the interventions were designed specifically for people with dementia or cognitive impairment, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of people who had dementia or other cognitive impairment participating in randomised clinical trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We found limited evidence that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing length of hospital stays. However, the certainty of these results is low. Data were available from only a small number of trials, and the certainty for all other results is very low. Determining the optimal strategies to improve outcomes for this growing population of patients should be a research priority.
We searched the medical literature for studies that looked at the effects of home-based nursing services for children with acute and chronic illnesses. We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. None of the studies reported on parental burden or the effect on the health of the children. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits to the family. Also, better parental coping and family functioning were reported in three studies.
The evidence is current to April 2016. We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared with non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. When ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM slightly reduced the number of days in hospital per month (n = 3595, 24 RCTs, MD -0.86, 95% CI -1.37 to 0.34, low-quality evidence). For the outcome adverse events, the evidence showed that ICM may make little or no difference in reducing death by suicide (low-quality of evidence). Similarly, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment (very low quality of evidence), as there was no clear evidence of an effect on unemployment in the ICM group compared to the control group. The results of the review suggest that when ICM is associated with an ACT model, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital; i.) the higher the baseline hospital use in the population; and ii.) the better the trial results.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance).
Two randomised clinical trials were included in the review. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients, and the other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients.
This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability.
We included 57 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 34,390 participants. A median of nine trials were used in the experimental arm (range = 1 to 22) and 16 trials (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) compared digital to face-to-face interventions. Data from 15 trials (3587 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day fewer than those who received no intervention, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per hour less than no intervention control participants (moderate-quality evidence). Data from five trials (390 participants) suggested there may be little or no difference in impact on alcohol consumption between the interventions. The BCTs of goal setting, problem solving, behaviour substitution and credible source were significantly associated with reduced alcohol consumption in unadjusted models. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6-20). Only half of the interventions (21, 51%) made no mention of theory. There was no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and intervention effectiveness.
We included 24 studies with 4233 participants, of which 2124 received benzodiazepines and 1475 received placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomised to other active treatments. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were judged to have a high risk of bias in at least one domain.
We identified 13 small randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. None of the included studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of tai chi on CVD risk factors.
The studies were very varied in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. There is moderate quality evidence to suggest that family-based interventions can have a positive effect on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. This is different from authoritarian parenting (which is usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with a rule setting) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. The evidence is therefore strongest for high intensity programmes used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexamicosteroids. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. The frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups. Factors limiting statistical analysis included lack of standardised measurements of nausea, and use of different agents, dosages, and comparisons. Subgroup analysis according to type of cancer was not possible due to insufficient data. The quality of this evidence was downgraded from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
The evidence is current to September 2015. We included 10 studies including a total of 1345 low birth weight or HIV-infected children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, penicillin V or vancomycin). The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. Due to inadequate data, we were unable to rate the quality of the evidence for two studies in children with sickle cell disease (low risk of bias) and for one study we assessed it to be unclear whether antibiotic resistance was increased in the antibiotic prophylaxis arm. In the one study of children with cystic fibrosis receiving ciproprelaxis, a significantly lesser proportion of the children with pneumococcal septicaemia experienced a greater reduction in lung infections per child-year of follow-up (P value = 0.01%) with the antibiotic prevention arm than with the control arm. There was no evidence of increased antibiotic resistance in two studies. We found no evidence that antibiotic treatment led to more unwanted effects. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be moderate for all outcomes.
The evidence is current to January 2017. We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 519 participants. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. The quality of the current evidence is very low. We could not combine the results from the two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) and a reduction in pain at various time points during the first postoperative day (very low quality of evidence). Four trials (69 participants) compared various gases (i.e. Nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with carbon dioxide under standard pressure pneumoperitoneum with a cold gas insufflation for people with high anaesthetic risk. One trial (70 participants) reported three serious adverse events (subcutaneous emphysema) related to the gases being compared to each other. None of these events were observed with the use of room air. The evidence from one trial (128 participants) suggests that using room air may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery.
The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study participants and study design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticosteroids and lack of long-term neurodevelopmental data in most studies.
The evidence is current to April 2013. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever were included in the review. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965, one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias.
Six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities were included in the review. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, these findings have not been confirmed by another study since then. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence of Trachoma. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the incidence. There is insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trachomas. All the studies have some methodological concerns.
Fifteen studies (1043 CFS participants) were included in the review. CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) through its Cochrane Incentive Award programme, the US Food and Drug Administration and the National Center for Research Resources. The participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin D3 (n = 20) or placebo for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. The vitamin D group had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo group but this was not significant at eight weeks, mean difference -10.00 (95% confidence interval -16.47 to -3.53), but again the quality of the evidence was low. The review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The quality of evidence for this outcome was low, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is likely to change the estimate.
The evidence in this review is up-to-date at 31 December 2016. We found only one trial that compared the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) with the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) in a total of 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 with ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias.
Four studies with 268 participants were included in the review. In all four studies antibiotic treatment was administered orally. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent toxoplasma retinochoroiditis, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect.
We included 43 trials (1491 participants) in the review. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Results for post-operative complications, mortality and functional outcomes were similar in both groups. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail compared with the SHS. Two trials (65 participants) found fewer fracture-related complications than fixed nail plates for unstable or submuscular fractures at the level of the lesser thorchanter.
We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing these two forms of treatment. We found only one trial that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. Six (22%) women who received surgery had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) women died of complications. Quality of life was incompletely recorded in this trial.
Four randomised controlled trials were included in the review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill. Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) (mean difference (MD) -0.90, 95% CI -1.18 to 0.62, P < 000001, 3 RCTs, 105 women) when used alone or with the OCP.
We found no randomised controlled trials to include in this review. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor countries where advanced cervical cancer is predominant. We found no evidence from trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
This review shows that when given in both the short and long term, temozolomide improves time-to-progression (time taken for the tumour to progress) without increasing adverse events, but it does increase early adverse events.
We found no studies that aimed to investigate interventions that aimed at retaining district health systems managers. There is low quality evidence that contracting-in may improve access to health care and utilization in districts and that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported in all studies, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio: 0.56, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 2.42); however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay, and length of hospital stay, measured in the three studies. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin works similarly to fluvastatin in lowering cholesterol but is less potent. Withdrawals due to adverse effects were not different in 11 of 19 trials (95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.74).
We included 28 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Risk of bias in the studies was generally unclear to low for most studies. For consistency regarding the direction of effects, continuous outcomes with negative values, and dichotomous outcomes, it is uncertain whether remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. Two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects. The remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. The evidence is up-to-date to January 2018.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 703 participants to include in the review. Eight trials investigated the efficacy in reducing fatigue in people with PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions (a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups, with significant heterogeneity between trials. The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants, SMD -0.80 to 0.04) or trials that had used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing fatigue, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias.
Three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. Two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. In none of the trials could we ascertain which infants were allocated to the control groups. Urine output was ascertained in only one study. One study (Malone 1991), glucose and insulin, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of borderline statistical significance. In the study of Hu (Hu 1999), the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was significantly reduced. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of insulin and glucose and albuterol inhalation. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We found 12 studies that met our inclusion requirements and are included in the review. In children, according to low quality evidence, IVIg probably hastens recovery compared with supportive care. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent or frequent with either treatment than PE. One trial involving 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants); in the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomized to receive a high fraction of inspired oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percent of overall inspired oxygen compared with a routine fraction of induced oxygen was not associated with all-cause mortality, within the longest time of follow-up (low quality). In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly, when all trials were included, a very low fraction of overall induced oxygen did not increase the risk of respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events or length of stay. In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, we found no significant reduction in surgical site infections.
This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years with OME. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation than those allocated to the control treatment (risk ratio (RR) 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.58 to 2.53; number needed to treat to harm (NNTB) 5). We found no data on speech, language or cognitive development or quality of life. We assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias.
Twelve studies were included, nine RCTs and three before and after studies. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. For people with moderate to severe brain injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on 30 June 2016 and identified one trial (involving 176 women) that assessed rooming-in versus mother-infant separation of mother and baby. The trial was funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) through its Childbirth and Childbirth Unit in the United States. There was no difference in the duration of any breastfeeding between the two groups in the number of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age (low-quality evidence). The number of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the rooming in group was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming the baby and mother alone versus mother and infant separation. Further well-designed randomized controlled trial (RCTs) are needed.
The review of trials found that sanchi appears to be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke, but the poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed.
Fourteen eligible randomised controlled trials were identified but only seven trials could be included in the review. There is insufficient reliable evidence to determine possible advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implants.
The results are inconclusive. The planned phase III trial of PBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. The second trial was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the active treatment group had a higher pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity. Further research is needed.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in our final review. The trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH and in people with PH-LHD. There was no evidence of a difference in mortality across both treatments. Data were of low quality due to imprecision and inconsistency across trials. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this setting.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing multiple versus single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (high-quality evidence). Pooled data from six trials also showed a significant reduction in incomplete motor block in the multiple-injection group. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. The time for block performance was shorter for single injection than for multiple injections. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
Three studies were included in the review. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects.
Three trials with a total of 139 patients were included in the review. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality, risk of peritonitis, hernias, PD fluid leaks, PD catheter removal or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either modality with regards to residual renal function, renal function or time spent in hospital. Another study found that patients on APD had significantly more time for work, family and social activities. There is a need for a large randomised controlled trial to clarify the relative clinical and cost-effectiveness of both modalities.
The results of this review indicate that CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression/relapse than CT but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Reduced SM was observed after IF-RT instead of CRT.
Opioids were given orally (12, n = 3040), transdermally (5, 1628), or intrathecally (10, N = 231). Many people discontinued taking opioids due to side effects or insufficient pain relief; many people experienced side effects that stopped them from taking opioids; and many people did not recover from opioid addiction. Findings regarding quality of life and function were inconclusive due to lack of evidence. Many people discontinue long-term opioid therapy, especially oral opioids, because of side effects and insufficient symptom relief; however, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long term experience clinically significant pain relief.
The evidence is current to January 2019. We found only one study that met our inclusion requirements and provided very low-certainty evidence on the effect of oxandrolone on the healing of pressure ulcers. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years with a spinal cord injury, and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (range 11.6) years in the placebo group. This study did not report on pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email to standard care and two compared email communication to usual care. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard care. Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus usual care only, email did not make a significant difference for patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The results of the available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice.
Eleven randomised controlled trials involving 855 participants were included in the review. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes.
Four studies (231 participants randomised) are included in the review. None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service usage, is justified.
The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four studies compared foods fortified with zinc with other nutrients (comparison 1), and four studies compared zinc-fortified foods with other vitamins or minerals with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The studies were conducted in Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. None of the studies reported data on zinc deficiency. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. Given the small number of studies and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is needed.
Eleven studies involving 3060 randomly assigned participants were included in this review. The quality of evidence is hampered by risk of bias.
Eight eligible trials were included in the review. The trials included 600,000 women in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years, and four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction in the number of breast cancer deaths after 10 years. The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies were also significantly larger in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). For every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying from breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screened, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 522 women in our review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming, and the other three studies investigated 20,000 unit hCG penting. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Our findings suggest that hCG may be associated with a reduction in clinical pregnancy rates, with 22% of women who received no penting achieving clinical pregnancy, while between 7% and 23% of the women who were noing did so. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision.
In total, 24 randomised controlled trials were included in the review, but only 16 (10,114 women) had usable data. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether subgroups of women using specific types of hormone therapy could benefit from treatment. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on individual cognitive domains mostly reported no evidence of benefit.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). The results were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We found no difference in lung function between the two inhalers in terms of mortality, COPD exacerbation (requiring a short-burst oral corticosteroids or antibiotics, or both), or pneumonia. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures were not available in included studies. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
The results from the small number of available randomised controlled trials suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating patients with BDD. The findings of these studies need to be replicated in future studies.
Three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis and involving 268 adults were included. Meta-analysis of these studies found a beneficial effect of using a desensitization protocol over a rechallenge protocol at six months of follow-up for preventing discontinuation, and for lower incidence of overall hypersensitivity (NNT 4.55, 95% CI 3.03-9.09). No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor countries are urgently required.
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. The duration of NICU stay was significantly longer in the midazolam group than in the placebo group. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of intensive care unit stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) (tests for heterogeneity not applicable).
The evidence is current to September 2013. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment. The mean difference for diarrhoea at five to four days after treatment was 0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to 1.12; two trials, 192 participants; very low quality evidence; and for duration of illness was 0 days.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) that assessed the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsi criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may change the conclusions of the review once they are fully published and evaluated.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) (5718 participants). Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure), and the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events, and were often not clearly reported. We are uncertain whether wound exposure or any particular dressing reduces or increases the risk ofSSI compared with alternative options. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), largely due to risk of bias and imprecision.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on 30 June 2016 and identified two trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid with placebo. The trial randomised 126 women at risk of postnatal depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo arm were lost to follow-up. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. The included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideas of suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the studies. The women who discontinued the intervention were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while the women who were not. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive symptoms at six to eight weeks postpartum, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of neonates to the neonatal intensive care unit.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials addressing different anthracycline infusion duration of six hours or longer reduced the risk of clinical heart failure, and it seems to reduce the overall risk of subclinical cardiac damage. A significant difference in the occurrence of heart failure was not found in any of the studies.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants. Nine of these studies were new for the update (2009) and five had previously been previously excluded, but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. We found two ongoing studies from searches of clinical trials registers and database searches and two studies await classification. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies, and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis. We downgraded the evidence for the pneumonia outcome to low. Despite a large number of studies, there remains no high-quality evidence that low-speedmia is beneficial in the treatment of people withTBI. Further research, which is methodologically robust, is required in this field.
Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, were identified. The studies were very varied in interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence, based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning.
This review did not find sufficient evidence to support the routine use of Duxil for the treatment of people with dementia. The methodological quality of included trials, small number of trials and probable publication bias did not allow us to assess the quality of the included trials.
This review of trials found limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the chances of developing a seroma and reduced the number of post-operative seroma aspirations.
The results form the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas. The methodological quality of the three prospective cohort studies was high, and the two case-control studies were of medium quality.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1369 participants. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks, and also the number needed to treat of nine. In the one trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The length of treatment did not change after 24 weeks of treatment. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed to recommend or reject the policy of extending the treatment period for slow responders.
EUS is rarely performed in people with pancreatic or periampullary cancer, and so there is uncertainty in its utility in these situations.
The review authors identified 34 studies (2169 participants) that investigated treatments for blepharitis. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephARitis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephareitis. However, the results for topical steroids and oral antibiotics were inconclusive. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Any randomised controlled trial designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition, in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (prevent type II errors).
We searched for randomised controlled trials that investigated this therapy in children with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. We only identified one trial with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias (i.e. there was potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted). The study did not measure all of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We found 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies. In an endoleak surveillance programme CE-CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan when the ultrasound is positive. When regression testing was applied to the individual studies, none of the items, namely direction of the study design, quality, and age, were identified as a source of heterogeneity. Sensitivity estimates were higher in the studies published before 2006 than in studies published in 2006 or later, and studies judged as low/unclear quality provided higher estimates in model improvements.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants. However, failure to demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales, meant that our analysis was inappropriate. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required.
The evidence is current to January 2016. We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. Nearly half of the included studies either did not provide enough information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding, that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted. Two studies were funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
The main purpose of this review was to evaluate the effects of technical editing in biomedical journals. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates.
We included 12 studies (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old; the majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' to'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, standardised mean difference 0.87 points (95% confidence interval 0.28 to 1.45, moderate quality evidence), which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a sensitivity analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers's perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms (high confidence), presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment (moderate confident). Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (low confident). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate quality). Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high confident). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence. Planners should consider the timing for making vaccination information available to parents, the settings where information is available, providing of impartial and clear information tailored to parental needs, and parents' perceptions of the health workers and the information provided.
We identified 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants, and included them in the review. The results suggest that treatment as usual, delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar, may be probably less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy, but there was no difference in the overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies and TAU. Two trials found no differences between cognitive analytic therapy or TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial.
The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and the third trial was funded by a German Research Foundation. The use of either perfluropropane or standard silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. Because there do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in our review. We found that planned early delivery was associated with fewer maternal deaths and severe complications for women (two studies, 1459 women) and a lower risk of HELLP syndrome and renal impairment (three studies, 100 women) for women. There was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or duration of hospital stay after delivery for the mother, or for the baby. The level of evidence was graded high for the outcomes of composite maternal mortality and morbidity, moderate for all other outcomes, and low to moderate for the outcome of infant mortality and severe morbidity.
Six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 142 participants were included in the review.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials involving 1824 participants in this review, however, the data in usable format were only available in 10 of these studies (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant. Five out of the three studies reported to maintain remission. In conclusion, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treatBL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of included studies and the small number of participants in these studies.
Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with CVD were included in the review. Overall the risk of bias of the trials was low. The average duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for death from any cause, vascular deaths or mycardial infresultction for patients with and without CVD. Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke rates (11.2% versus 356/3146) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the studies on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for people with or without diabetes, or costs.
We included ten trials with a total of 191 participants. We were unable to find any evidence that using non-invasive ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung parameters. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask. The effect of NIV on exercise is unclear. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression has largely been demonstrated in single treatment sessions with small numbers of participants.
We included three new studies in this update, for a total of seven studies with 245 people. However, considering the small sample sizes of these studies, we preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPV in COPD.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. It was not possible to blind women and staff to the intervention, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias. Overall, induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia results in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. There was no strong evidence of any difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (low-quality evidence). In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the induction group.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials. Ninety-four trials reported no mortality, and nine trials reported mortality, but did not report in which intervention group the mortality occurred. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers; nine trials included postmenopausal women; and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care; and the remaining eight trials assigned 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels above 20 ng/mL. Participants in 19 trials (19.5%) had vitamin D adequacy (which usually ranges between 5,920/47,472 and 12.7%); vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials (12.7%). Vitamin D 3, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. When different forms of vitamin D were assessed in separate analyses, only vitamin D3 decreased mortality (4,153/37,817,11.0%) vs 4,340/38,110 (11.4%); RR 0.94%; 95% CI 0.91 to 0.98); of trials using no intervention in the control group; of trials with no risk of industry bias compared with trials with risks of bias due to industry bias; of studies using no industry bias, compared with studies using high risk of bias (7.927 participants; 38.4%) to 10.04%; of studies at high risk (9.04%) to 11.04%); of studies (6.20%) to 8% of participants dropped out.
This review shows that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can lead to small reductions in weight over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. The safety of sibUTramine is uncertain. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. Given the high prevalence of visual field defects reported in an existing systematic review of observational studies, VGB should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. Two of these closed prematurely due to low recruitment and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerixafor, while in the control group it was unclear whether it was possible that this was the result of publication bias. Due to the unpublished data, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival.
This review provides some evidence that weighted vaginal cones are better than no active treatment in women with SUI and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrostimulation. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable.
Eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) were included within the review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The effect of education on anxiety, depression, and decision conflict favoured usual care. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. More research is needed to examine the impact of interventions on anticoagulation control in patients with OAT.
Seventy randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) are included in the review. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may due to chance. Prostaglandins probably increase the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. They increase the likelihood of cervical change with no increase in operative delivery rates.
Cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants in this review. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques appear to be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low- to very low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the goldchain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Three ongoing trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three randomised controlled trials, involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analog (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias (i.e. there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted). None of the studies reported any data for the outcomes of maternal mortality or the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 preterm infants - two using a face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). The applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing diabetic foot ulcers than other types of dressing, however all trials in this field are very small. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. Surgical intervention resulted in improved quality of life and improved preservation of exocrine pancreatic function at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years), but not at long-term (≥ 5 years). No differences were found in terms of complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment and 15 in the conservative group. The trial had methodological limitations. Further trials are needed to confirm these results.
The review authors searched the medical literature and were able to find only one randomised controlled trial that compared early versus delayed post-operative bathing in a total of 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in a primary care setting. The only outcome of interest in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early (after 12 hours of bathing) versus delayed (for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing) as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI rates cannot be ruled out.
The evidence is current to September 2016. We only found one small randomised controlled trial that investigated daily standard-dose oral dexamethasone with no treatment in 35 participants. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisone-treated participant died. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission or in improvement in disability or impairment after one year (moderate-quality evidence), or in the occurrence of side effects (low quality evidence). Eight of 16 people in the prednisolone group experienced side effects similar with each of the steroid treatment frequencies, except that sleeplessness was less common with daily dexasone as was moon facies (moderate quality of evidence). We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 people. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed oral steroids for an exacerbation than those who were seen face-to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide. In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had a flare-up that required oral steroids, but we did not know if this was true in the other study. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. There is insufficient information to rule out differences in effectiveness or to say whether or not remote asthma check-ups are a safe alternative to being seen face to face.
The results suggest that exercise therapy can lead to a small short-term benefit in improving function, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain in patients with JIA, but the results are inconclusive in the long term. There is a need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research to generate evidence about the possible benefits of exercise therapy for patients withJIA.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients) in this updated review. In general, we found that antibiotics have some effect on the outcomes of patients and their carers, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent across the trials. In turn, the effect was statistically significant when trials included older antibiotics (i.e. The only trial that provided older antibiotics but not in clinical use anymore yielded a reduction in treatment failures of 295 to 212 per 1000 treated participants, 95% confidence interval (CI) 165 to 277). Results of one trial involving 93 patients admitted to the intensive care unit showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failure, with no effect on length of hospital stay. None of the trials provided information on other important outcomes (such as mortality, length of time spent in hospital, or side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) or long-term health-related quality of life.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) in our review. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on death or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable heartina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). Overall, we found no difference between groups for cholesterol (mean difference 0.07, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21; 6 studies (722 participants; low-quality evidence). Using GRADE, we assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low.
The evidence is current to August 2013. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. There is little evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise or exercise compared to usual care. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with a bandage. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, a backslab improved ankle dorsiflexion range of motion in the short term.
Four studies were included in the review. Two studies were conducted in low- and middle-income countries, and two studies were not. A home-based nursing intervention has the potential to improve adherence to treatment, but more evidence is needed. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. A non-randomised trial found that the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes.
There were insufficient data to assess other doses of fenoprofen, other safety outcomes, and the numbers of participants needing rescue medication.
Six randomised controlled trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (under 25 less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias (i.e. bias means that the true effect may be substantially different). There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT for prolapse symptoms and severity.
Fourteen trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were included in the review, which used different definitions and severity of the CSOM infection; some included otitis externa, mastoid cavity infections and other diagnoses. Methodological quality varied; generally poorly reported, follow-up usually short, and handling of bilateral disease inconsistent. Topical quinolones were better than no drug treatment at clearing discharge at one week: relative risk (RR) was 0.45 (range 0.34 to 0.59) (two trials, N = 197), and 0.58 (0.47 to 072) at two to four weeks (four trials, 519). Meanwhile, non-quinolone antibiotics (with or without steroids) compared to antiseptics were more mixed, changing over time. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state.
We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new for this update; all interventions were add-on to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 people in the 1 psychological intervention group. One of the largest and most robust studies (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life in the intervention groups in both the nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of differences in the designs of the studies, the objective SCORAD score was statistically significantly better with the intervention group compared with the control group. Parents of children under seven years had significantly better improvements in children with atopic dermatitis on all five subscales. Improvements in objective severity (intervention plus no intervention) by age group were as follows: age 3 months to 7 years = 4.2, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.7 to 11.2; and age 13 to 18 years = 9.9. 95% CI 4.3 to 15.5.
Fourteen trials (753 participants) contributed to this review. These small trials suggest that HBOT is associated with improved outcome. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 participating surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the using of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two studies on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. Because the force needed for the blunt needles to be used was higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence is high.
The results did not show that trifluoperazine was any different from those of low-potency antipsychotics in terms of effectiveness, acceptability of treatment or movement disorders. However, at least one movement disorder was significantly more frequent and severe in the group of patients receiving trifLUoperazine. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more research is needed.
We found nine eligible randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 preterm infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses, including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants.
Two randomised controlled trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One randomised trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in patients who received folic acid compared with placebo and in participants who received 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo. No major events were reported. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
The evidence is up-to-date at 31 December 2012. We found two studies with a total of 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients, for inclusion in the review. Both studies were funded by the National Health and Medical Research Council of Scotland. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee-for-service payment. The study did not report data on health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study used a parallel group design, undertaken over a three-year period, to compare the impact of capitation (payment for services to support patients to visit their dentist for care) with a group that was funded by a group of primary care dentists. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data to the results. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in preterm birth for zinc compared with placebo was primarily represented by trials involving women of low income and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality.
We included ten randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1656 participants, none of which were funded by the pharmaceutical industry that funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as add-on therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics use did not increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed randomized controlled trial with standard methodologies, longer-term follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven trials (involving 696 participants) in this update. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence from this review. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in the rate of preterm birth. The evidence on congenital abnormalities is uncertain, because the quality of the evidence for this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events and was of very low quality.
The majority of the studies were conducted many years ago and so it is difficult to find out how relevant these findings are to current practice. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low quality, depending on the outcome.
We included two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 269 participants. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%); the average age was 65 years. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). We found no differences in the length of stay in the intensive care unit between CPAP and NPPV. We found very low quality evidence that CPAP may also reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (low quality evidence), with a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 11.8 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.08 to 0.11; partial pressure of arterial carbon dioxide (PCO2) levels, or blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevel NPPP, compared to oxygen therapy, may improve blood gas and patient-ventilator asynchrony levels. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We identified four small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 388 women for inclusion in the review. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods of pain relief were used, so that the results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. In one small trial that compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block, women were significantly more likely to regard their pain relief as adequate and were less likely to report severe pain during forceps delivery. In another small trial, no difference was seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious morbidity.
We included 15 trials with a total of 1048 participants. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in the remainder.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are put into one of two or more treatment groups) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. None of the trials were adequately powered to detect a treatment effect. We were unable to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review are effective.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared linezolid with vancomycin in people with SSTIs, including those infections due to MRSA. The RCTs included a total of 3144 people. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015. In people with MRSA, linezolic was significantly better at reducing hospital stays in the short term and improving microbiological cure rate than vancomalcin, but there was no difference in all-cause mortality. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus, and rash when treated with linezilar. The average length of hospital stay per patient was shorter for those in the linezlin group than the vancomomalcin group. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolog than with intravenous vancomallycin. Further well-designed, independently-funded, randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm the results.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants in this updated review. The trials were performed in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the USA, and the UK. Postoperative deaths, overall survival, morbidity, and survival did not differ between the two operations, except for delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion significantly reduced in the PPW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria.
Six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1862 participants were included in this review. Calcium channel blocker treatment did not reduce the risk of death or severe disability in any of the six RCTs.
We included four randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 participants (one study used a cluster-randomized design). Three trials were considered to be of a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to have a relatively high risk. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. We have also been unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional large sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found no evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention, either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to ovarian stimulation in IVF.
The results suggest that family intervention may decrease the frequency of relapse and hospitalisations for schizophrenia and encourage compliance with medication, but it does not seem to affect the tendency of individuals/families to leave care. Family intervention also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
The trials were conducted in Germany and Austria and used DEBs as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. We found no clear differences in the number of people who experienced amputation or other problems with their balloon balloon during the trial period between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. We judged the certainty of evidence for all these outcomes to be very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven studies including 922 children diagnosed with KD. The trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. On average, corticosteroids reduced the duration of fever, duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) and the time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) to normalise. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious adverse events (e.g. The quality of evidence was considered moderate for the occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities due to possible inconsistencies in data, and patient benefits according to grouping. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this study.
We included eight studies (846 women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations) in our review. Four studies compared PIP with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy). Two studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. The evidence is current to September 2016. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for all comparisons, mainly due to problems with the way in which the studies were conducted.
We found one new study in this updated version. In total, our review includes 11 randomised controlled trials (with 753 participants) that assessed the benefits and harms of giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during planned caesarean section under regional anaesthesia. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood, and UvPO2) compared with those in the control group. A subgroup analysis showed no significant difference in fetal oxygen levels between the two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas a subgroup of studies showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group.
We included twelve studies with data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging may offer a simple method for improving adherence to treatment in selected conditions. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels.
We identified 15 randomised clinical trials that evaluated 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised controlled trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies; 46 for prevalence, six for both prevalence and risk factors, and nine not meeting the inclusion criteria, but assessing risk factors. The 52 studies evaluating the prevalence of renal dysfunction included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The prevalence of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, long-term follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven studies, including 244 participants, assessed the frequency of chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in 0%. to 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased GFR. The majority also reported cisplatin as a risk factor. Three non- eligible studies showed that a higher body mass index (kg/m²) increased the risk of hypertension. Because of the profound heterogeneity of the studies, it was not possible to perform meta-analyses.
Two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® were included in the review. The single trial of Cajanus cajan reported a possible benefit to individuals with sickle cell disease, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level of anaemia.
We searched several important medical databases such as CENTRAL and MEDLINE, and found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included the data from these studies, which involved a total of 99 participants with early-stage HL and negative PET scans receiving chemotherapy only (PET-adapted therapy) than in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy (standard therapy only). Two of the three studies reported no deaths in people receiving PET- adapteded therapy, and the other two reported no differences in survival between the treatment arms. No data on long-term side effects were reported in any of the studies. We assessed the overall potential risk of bias as moderate.
We found 31 trials that met our inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs) with a different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 419 participants with symptomatic hip or knee OA (130 participants) in this updated review. Nine of the 10 trials (549 participants) reported that exercise reduced pain and physical function and improved physical function immediately after treatment; exercise also reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) -1% to 4%); physical function was improved by 24 points on a 0-to-100-point scale (0 was no pain) in the control group; quality of life improved by 0 points; and pain was reduced by 7 points (5% CI 4 to 12 points). Quality of life is physical function that is sustained for at least three to six months after ceasing treatment. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise groups compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant.
The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
We identified only one randomised trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), who were randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (soon after diagnosis of biliary colic) (within 24 hours of diagnosis) (n = 35) or delayed keyhole surgical operation (after 4.2 months). The trial did not report quality of life or the time taken for participants to return to work. There were no deaths in the early group (0.35) versus 1.40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.7%) (6/35 or 17.1%) (P = 0.0743). There was no significant difference in the percentage of people who underwent conversion to open operation (from open operation) or required hospital stay (from closed operation) (9/40 (22.5% (6.25%) (9.743) in the two groups (7.0%) -9.25% (8.40) -10.05 to 11.58). None of the participants had any serious adverse events related to the surgery during the waiting period. Due to only one high-bias risk trial, the results may not be generalisable to other surgical settings and to females. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings.
We included a total of 11 randomised controlled trials in our review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were combined in a meta-analysis. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. The overall quality of the evidence was low or moderate for our outcomes.
This review is unable to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies and their mothers, as we found only one small trial. The trial was too small to detect important differences between the two policies.
The studies lasted up to one week. We found no studies in children. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or pain much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were reported, indicated no difference between paracetamol and placebo when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence that any additional benefit or disadvantage could be detected in the available studies, because of the high doses of opioids used. We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources.
The data on which this review is based are up-to-date as of 15 January 2013. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) and oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The data, however, are poor and fragmented, with much data missing or unusable. The Chinese medicine suo quo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed benefit over doxpein (n=70, 1.5 to 3.7). There are currently insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 195 participants with MS. Two studies investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies investigated expiratory muscle therapy; and one study investigated regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. Quality of life was not reported in any of the included studies. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in study design and implementation, as well as imprecision of results.
This review does not provide evidence to support the use of betamethasone for treating ITP during pregnancy.
We found two completed studies with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio: 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women, in this updated review. The number of women included in the studies varied greatly, with the outcome of haemoglobin concentration being the key measure of interest, with 6861 women. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control at the time of randomisation (moderate quality evidence). Women also had a reduced risk of iron deficiency and a lower risk of nausea among women randomised to iron (low quality evidence) and a higher proportion of loose stools and diarrhoea (high quality evidence); eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased prevalence of nausea or low quality evidence; seven studies recruiting 1190 women found no evidence that iron increased abdominal pain or increased the risk of diarrhoea or decreased the frequency of constipation or nausea. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality.
Five studies were included in the review, with a total of 1,726 patients. There is an additional ongoing trial, the results of which have not been incorporated in this review. Among the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arms are needed to clarify the benefit observed in progression-free survival with combination irinotecan and fluoropyrimidines.
However, due to the differences in the method of assessment, the variability of data and the heterogeneity of the patient groups it was difficult to pool some of the outcome data. The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transverse incision is less painful.
We included nine randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 91 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe, and four in North America. The average age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In people with subacute low-back pain, people who receive MBR will probably have less pain and disability than if they receive usual care, but it is not clear whether they do better than people who have some other type of treatment. The quality of the available research provides mainly low to very low, thus high-quality research is needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression, and probably reduce the incidence of disease-related problems in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone (moderate quality evidence). Outcome definitions of quality of life and the measurement tools varied greatly across trials and we were unable to extract numerical data for our primary outcomes. Bispsosphonrates probably increase the number and frequency of nausea per 1000 (moderate or low quality evidence) and may decrease the frequency of kidney adverse events (low quality evidence), but may increase the risk of adverse effects in both males and females) and the overall quality of the evidence was low or moderate for pain response, renal adverse events, disease progression and survival.
We searched several important medical databases such as CENTRAL and MEDLINE and found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion requirements. Of these, five RCTs involving 1093 patients were included; four trials in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients; HDT + ASCT is advantageous in terms of overall survival and OS in patients with relapsed FL. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT+ ASCT arm (PFS: 0.23 to 0.55; OS: HR = 0.40; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 6.61). Adverse events were rarely reported.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1437 participants. However, WDD was associated with fewer side effects than other antipsychotic drugs. The available evidence is not high quality.
The evidence is current to January 2017. We found 12 studies with 799 participants. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resorption. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is any difference in alignment between conventional and superelastic NiTi arch wires with regard to either alignment or pain (low- to very low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured by a 100-m² visual analogue scale suggest that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions. There was only one study with 24 participants in each group that measured pain. The results of the review also suggest there may be no difference in pain between both types of materials. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate across outcomes.
The evidence is up-to-date at 25 January 2017. This review includes just one small randomised controlled trial of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12- item scale), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-kg scale). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and mean scores (evaluable items (rated on the same scale) divided by the theoretical total number of items) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Non-aggressive Behaviour (five items), and (four items), Physically Aggressive behaviour (nine items) that is repeated over and above the experimental threshold, and (5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79). Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques.
The evidence is current to 28 September 2016. We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1316 participants. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical dermat care products. The performance of leave-on products depends on the combination of ingredients, the overall formulation and the usage (e.g. amount applied). High quality confirmatory trials using standardised, and comparable prevention and treatment regimens in different settings/regions are needed.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, route of administration, duration of treatment and treatment duration varied between the trials. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants).
This review examined four trials with a total of 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. The results showed that there is no clinically relevant advantage or disadvantage of either method in treating hyperglycaemia in people with COPD. Insulin detemsir was often injected twice-daily in a higher dose but with less weight gain, while using a lower dose, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. There was no significant difference in the number of FPG or glucose values in 24-hour profiles between treatment groups. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of life and showed no significant differences between groups.
Six crossover trials and two parallel group trials were included in the review. In contrast, in the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared with the control group who received optimal medical therapy. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). Two trials assessed SNS for constipation. Four of 27 participants experienced an adverse event resulting in the removal of the stimulator. In the crossover trial by Kahlke, 14 participants with FI experienced significantly lower episodes of FI per week during the 'off' period (1.7 (0 to 11) during the ‘on’ period (8.4 (SD, 8.7%). In the trial by Sørensen and colleagues, participants did not experience any FI episodes in either the one-week or ‘off’ periods. Neither study reported adverse events. Abdominal pain and bloating occurred 79% of the time during the off' period compared with 33% during the on period. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred.
The two well-designed and low risk of bias trials included in this review showed that the failure of molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or light-Cured adhesive was considerably higher than that resulting from molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. No other adverse events were identified.
We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. Overall the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, it should be noted that between-study heterogeneity was not negligible: unfortunately, we could not identify any consistent source of the observed heterogeneity. Moreover, we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed that EUS diagnostic performance cannot be considered optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability of EUS to distinguish T1a versus T1b (submucosal) cancers and positive versus negative lymph node status respectively.
We identified six randomised clinical trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 492 participants undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay keyhole surgery (N = 253) for symptomatic gallstones). The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The average or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. With regards to primary outcomes, only one trial reported short-term deaths. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/200 (0.5%) in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). No significant difference was seen in the percentage of people requiring hospital readmissions (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (weighted rate 0.5% in the day-surgery group versus 5/154 (3.09) in the overall population of people who experienced adverse events such as pain, time to return to activity, and failed to be discharged from the hospital as planned (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/145 (20.1%)). The results of our review are weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance).
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. We found that high-concentration topical capsaicin is similar in its effects to other therapies for chronic pain. At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more people reported themselves much or very much improved with this treatment than with 'active' placebo, with NNT values between 10 and 12 (moderate quality evidence). For painful HIV-neuropathy, we found two studies (801 participants) that provided moderate quality evidence. One study (369 participants) reported the proportion of people who improved at 12 weeks (low quality evidence), and the other (very low quality evidence) reported that people experienced 10% or more improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. Serious adverse events were no more common with active than with placebo treatment (3.5% than 3.2%). Adverse events did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common than with control than active treatment, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies (21 to 67 events; moderate quality, downgraded due to few events). No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imprecimation, and susceptibility to publication bias.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We re-ran the search in February 2017. We found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, had no significant effect in participants with 30% to 49% stenotic, was of benefit in patients with 50% to 69% stenosa, and was highly beneficial in patients without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence). Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with low to unclear stenosis (moderate quality evidence), and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% stenoss (moderate strength evidence). We did not find any evidence of benefit for people with carotids to allow their blood to flow to the cerebral hemisphere (high strength evidence), or for people without carotides to close (low quality evidence).
The evidence is current to January 2017. Only one randomized controlled trial was included in the review. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14-60), familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60) and other (2/60). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation (risk ratio (RR) 1.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 4.48; low-quality evidence); development of ileus or stenosis (development of stenosis or ileostomy); or skin irritation (RR 0.67 to 2.13; moderate quality evidence); and the occurrence of stomal prolapse (RR 1.23 to 3.85; very low quality evidence) are uncertain. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related problems or deaths. The overall quality of the available moderate-, low-, and very low, evidence is insufficient to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma formation.
The evidence is current to July 2012. We found no significant differences in the rate of relapse, hospitalisation or general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. Overall, the evidence was very low quality.
Eleven studies satisfied inclusion criteria, lasting one week or longer, but fewer completed treatment or had results of treatment. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID with another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). With NSAID, initially moderate or severe pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Adverse events were reported with NSAIDs, and 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer ladder.
The results of two studies, which included a total of 287 participants, are included in the review. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and reported that tinzaparin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured by a numerical pain scale, at day four (P < 0.05) than in the placebo group, and none were reported as adverse events. The second study included 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data, and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of sickle cell disease; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group than inthe placebo group. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. The most important reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence were serious risks of bias and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events).
We did not find any completed randomised controlled trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with non-silver dressings) in a total of 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound infection or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the empiric use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular antibiotic regimens examined by each study varied. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) 0.97, 95% CI 0.73, 0.30), clinical cure, length of stay in intensive care unit, or adverse events). For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives, we found only one small trial that could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimen. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin (n = 3; OR carbapenem 0.78; non-carbapenems 0.59; and we could not find a difference in clinical cure and adverse events. We assessed the quality of evidence for adverse events to be low.
We included 29 ITS (12 studies) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Study participants were most often Senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and use of health services without reducing overall drug expenses (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive.
The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis, and there was very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at 12 months. One study reported the rate of dental caries at 6 months and 12 months respectively. There was little evidence available that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes of gum-to-one OHA or plaque reduction (very low quality evidence). None of the studies measured dental decay or infection-related side effects. Seven studies compared some form of enhanced OHA with routine OHA, and the results were inconclusive. The studies were small and differed in terms of the interventions, participants studied and the outcome measures used, so we were not able to combine the results in a meta-analysis. Further studies are needed to determine the most effective, efficient method of OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence.
Five small randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) provided short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A third trial reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but negligible differences by five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. Available data from two placebo-analyses and one no-treatment trial provides "Silver" level evidence.
All the trials were of poor quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. None of the trials reported detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up, which was our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between repetitive (rTMS) and sham rTMS using ALSFRS-Rs-R scores and manual muscle testing scores at 12 months follow up in this trial. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of repetitive TMS in the treatment of ALS.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In 1 trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 29370) than prednisolone alone, while another trial showed no difference in disease control, at 6 months (1.11 kg: RR 1.11 to 2.90), for people with extensive and moderate disease, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06 kg/m² to 1.12). In another trial, clobetasol showed significantly more disease control than oral pre-treatment (compared with pretreatment with a placebo) in people with moderate and limited disease control. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one trial. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide needs further investigation.
Seventy-five randomised controlled trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome, were included in the review. The methodological quality of three trials was high, but the quality of remaining trials was generally low. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, STW 5 and STW 2, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significantly improvement of global symptoms. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution, due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 studies that evaluated pericoital use on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Pericoital levonorgestrel was reasonably efficacious and safe. The studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or the total dose of the drug. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. The method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
The evidence is current to January 2013. We included 15 studies with 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, China-South Korea, South Korea and USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. There was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment between surgical and conventional surgical anchorage, nor in the occurrence of adverse effects. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the outcomes of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars, and of low quality for outcomes of pain and acceptability. Further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in these estimates.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants), 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment, and three studies (5547 participants), which compared two different statin regimens in people with CKD who are not yet on dialysis. The risk of bias in the included studies was high. In people who are taking statins, the risk of death or major cardiovascular events is reduced by 20%. Adverse events were reported in 32% of people in the statin studies and 16% in people who were in the placebo studies. Statins have uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Potential harms from statin therapy were limited by lack of systematic reporting and were uncertain in analyses that had few events: elevated creatine kinase (7 studies, 4514 participants; RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.20 to 3.48), liver function abnormalities, withdrawal due to adverse events, and cancer, and 2 studies, 5581 participants; respectively.
We found nine studies that met our inclusion criteria. Nine studies with a total of 379 children and adolescents were included in the review. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed randomised controlled trials. For pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain in the intervention group favouring the intervention compared to the control group. All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were found that a commonly used analgesic was used in this patient group. At follow-up in both the two ITB trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the intervention and control groups. No adverse events were reported in either trial. The adverse events in the BoNT-A trials mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse events reported by the participants. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. Overall the quality of the trials was mixed. Only one study involved over 100 participants. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a secondary outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for pain in CYP with LLCs.
The evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect of latrepirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality.
We included seven randomised controlled trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting. Adverse events were higher in participants treated with RIC, but no severe adverse events were reported. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 204 preterm infants in this updated review. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased in-hospital rates of growth in weight, length, and head growth. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes on length or head growth after hospital discharge. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared to no intervention, PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. We are uncertain whether, or for how many of the observed effects are meaningful to patients.
The majority of studies were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The studies provided information about how easily STIs spread through the bloodstream and taught safe sex skills (eg. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources (free sexual health services). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned cervical cancer prevention. Considerable uncertainty exists in the risk of bias due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting.
We included twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. A brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective in the short to medium term, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comprising 9839 participants in our review. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One study that included only people with recent flare-ups was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants in the study. The LAMA+LABA arm had fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement in lung function, a lower risk of pneumonia, and frequent improvement in quality of life. The SGRQ arm had a total score of 4 points less (4.25 points less per 100 people per 100 population, moderate quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes.
We included 3 studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (three studies). In children with mild croup, heliox may slightly improve croup scores at 90 minutes postintervention, but may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures. There may be no difference in hospitalisation rates between groups. We assessed the evidence for this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. Information on hospitalisation or re-presenting to the emergency department was not reported. In the third study, 29 children with moderate to severe croup received intramuscular dexamethasone (0.6 mg/kg) and either heliox with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or 100% oxygen, for three hours. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety.
Eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) were included in the review. The overall quality of the included studies was moderate to low due to the poor reporting of study methods and the low number of events.
Two randomised controlled trials were identified. The second trial compared the outcomes of urethrotomy and urethroplasty in 50 men with traumatic stricture of the posterior urethra following pelvic fracture injury. There were insufficient data to perform a meta-analysis or to reliably determine the effect size. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery, but this conclusion was not proven in the second. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by ureth rotomy required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 out 25 (24%) men treated by primary ureroseplasty. The results of the trial did not provide enough data to determine which intervention is best for urethral stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs.
Six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) met the inclusion criteria for a total of seven group comparisons. The four trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and the two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high quality.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Risks of bias in the included studies were generally high or unclear, lowering confidence in the results. Adverse events were generally not reported.
The review authors searched the medical literature and were able to find only one small trial that met the inclusion criteria for the study. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria, and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 052, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), which did not show any significant difference between statins and placebo. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
The purpose of this review was to assess the available literature on the effect of night splinting in people with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A or Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Four studies involving 149 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. The daily dose of prednisone at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo but there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups.
The results suggest that walking and standing upright positions in the first stage of labour reduce the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Based on the current findings, we recommend that women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial involved 55 participants with TOS of any type, and compared treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. There were no adverse events in either group. There is moderate quality evidence to suggest that transaxillary first rib resection decreased pain more than supraclavicular neuroplasty, but no randomized evidence that either is better than no treatment.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in the review. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks of ultrasound and function after six months of ultrasound. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit.
The two studies included in our review provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals with CRVO-ME. Adverse events were observed more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 394 patients were included in this review.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials that investigated the safety and benefits of epidural therapy in severe pre-eclampsia in women and their babies. We only identified one small randomised trial conducted at a single centre in Mexico involving 24 women. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these outcomes were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), or death of the baby, before or after the birth, perinatal deaths (stillbirths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 weeks' gestation); and side effects of the intervention.
Sixteen randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) were included in the review (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect on death from any cause or health-related quality of life up to three months following randomisation, measured by the European Quality of Life – 5 Dimensions – 3 Levels scale (moderate-certainty evidence). The certainty of evidence was very low for all-cause mortality and serious adverse events during treatment, and low for the occurrence of adverse events after three months of treatment. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. Therefore, we need placebo-designed randomised clinical trials, designed according to SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to the CONSORT guidelines.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Intervention approaches included the contextual approach of driving simulation and the underlying skill development approach, including retraining the speed of visual processing and visual motor skills. There was insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effects of rehabilitation on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. Significant findings were found in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. There is limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in our review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals, and two studies provided intravenous corticosteroid treatment. The average ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years; the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. In this review we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure (a new event) between short-duration and longer-duration treatment, which was equivalent to 22 fewer per 1000 (95% confidence interval (CI) 51 fewer to 34 more). No difference in lung function at the end of treatment did not differ between the shorter courses (10 to 14 days) courses. We graded most available evidence as moderate quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We identified three ongoing randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assess the optimal red blood cell transfusion strategy in people with MDS. We found only one trial (13 participants) that assessed a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/S, 5 participants] transfusion policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or bleeding (e.g. WHO/CTCAE grade 3 (or equivalent) or above). The one trial included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants.
The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a need for high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed effect 0.34, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.82). There were no other other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressants preventing relapse in unipolar affective disorder, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side-effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
The results from two randomised clinical trials suggest that amifostine has no significant radioprotective effect on salivary glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-related quality of life or other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus treatment with a clinician-mediated intervention, and the third study compared an intervention involving a parent and child. All three studies reported funding sources. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not report funding sources for the remaining study. One study looked at adherence to treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the intervention group attended seven out of nine group sessions and were present for four home visits. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside the intervention sessions. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in relation to blinding of participants (not possible due to the nature of the intervention) and blinding of outcome assessors, and we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in them. We found only three small studies of very low quality. This review highlights the need for well-designed studies, including randomized controlled trials (RCTs), to evaluate the effectiveness of parent- mediated interventions.
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events (very low). Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, trial sequential analysis could not be performed as planned. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise--based rehabilitation may increase exercise capacity (moderate quality of evidence) compared with no exercise, and may lead to a greater exercise capacity. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed in order to assess the impact on patient-important outcomes.
This review found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance well-being. Such interventions are under-evaluated. All five studies were undertaken in the same country, and in the multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions it is unclear if all participants received support from a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. It is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or Religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in time spent in the immobile off state, but there was no evidence of an effect. Two studies with 41 participants measured gait speed using a range of timed gait tests at the end of the intervention phase, revealing no evidence that tDCS had any effect. Another study with 16 participants examined tDCS in combination with movement therapy, but did not show an effect on our secondary outcome, which was time spent on the street, walking speed, or activities of daily living. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to the small number of participants in the studies.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 461 participants in our review. We excluded four studies from the previous version of the review, and we have added an additional four studies with 154 participants in this update. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. The limited data available do not suggest that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials, including 2488 participants, were included in this review. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means we cannot be completely confident that their results are true.
This review of two small randomised controlled trials did not find enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of LHRH agonists in the treatment of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC.
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled trials that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. In these trials, iNO treatment was given iNO within 30 to 60 minutes of the start of treatment. No trial compared iNO with high-frequency ventilation (iNO treatment without iNO) but allowed back-up treatment with iNO for infants who continued to satisfy the same criteria for severity of illness after two hours. This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. Ninos 1997 studied only infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia. Six trials enrolled infants with moderate/severe symptoms of hypoxic respiratory failure (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen difference (A-aDO2)) and randomised them to receive iNO or iNO only after deterioration to more severe criteria (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010). Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not affect response to iNO. Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors and those who did not.
The methodological quality of the studies was rather low.
The evidence is current to September 2013. We included one new study (338 participants/catheters) in this update, which brought the total included to 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The overall number of participants enrolled in the studies was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. The magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits seen only in studies conducted in intensive care units and in patients who required CVCs for long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or service delivery' via systems strengthening interventions. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The studies had overall high risks of bias for 11 studies and only four studies had moderate risk of bias. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form.
The evidence in this area is of low quality. The current review does not suggest that foam dressings are more effective in the healing of venous leg ulcers than other wound dressing treatments.
The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between celecoxib and etoricoxib and placebo were uncertain. A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (12 events) and other adverse events (24 events). No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. GI AEs included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, inflamed mucosa.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly included small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and a relatively short follow-up period (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one study included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; and the remaining 13 studies did not state infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine). Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data. We are uncertain about the relative effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events (all very low-certainty evidence). Antimicrobial treatments (non dressings) compared with non dressings: There were four trials with 132 participants in this comparison that contributed variously to the estimates of outcome data.
We included six studies that involved 5193 children.
Vitamin A does not appear to prevent acute LRTIs, but it is beneficial in preventing diarrhoea and chronic undern = 1.
Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). The following outcomes were different when compared to placebo. Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) improved with treatment. Walking distance tests did not improve. The Relative Risk (RR) of nausea was greater with theophylline. However, patients' preference for theophyline was greater than that for placebo. Very few participants withdrew from the studies for any reason. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different concomitant therapies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used a placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. However, nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people had to discontinue the treatment. Overall, the quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, and possible bias in the trials.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. Two studies reported data on adverse events after ILR implant. The data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after diagnosis in participants implanted with ILR. The mean cost per diagnosis and the average cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR infection. We found moderate quality evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy increases the rate of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a standard diagnostic pathway. No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality.
We found four small randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. There were no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant uncertainty in this result due to the type of interventions used and the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the aspiration and sclerotherapy group; however the recurrence rate was higher. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgery group was higher than the aspiration group but due to different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant advantage of either approach. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous RCTs to assess the effectiveness of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. There is currently insufficient evidence to support any of the therapies currently used to support the management of this condition. Outcomes of these RCTs should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Five studies compared the psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. The results suggest that psychological therapies were superior to usual care in terms of reducing symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS. Adverse events were seldom reported. The overall quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated low to moderate.
We included 63 studies in our review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three to 18 months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants. We found moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthetics may reduce the risk of developing PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. Evidence synthesis of seven studies, investigating continuous infusion of local anaesthetic, favoured epidural anaesthesia to prevent PPP, suggesting that our conclusions are considerably weakened by the small size and number of studies, missing data and missing data. We could not combine data for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies awaiting classification that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight trials involving 1742 trial participants were included. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, or amitenthixene); second-generation antidepressants (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone); mood stabilisers (caramazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate); antidepressants (amitriptriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation); and supplements (omega-3 fatty acid) have not been studied. Data were sparse for individual comparisons, indicating marginal effects for first- generation antipsychotic and antidepressants. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. We are uncertain if washout solution (saline or acidic) has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or the length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution) because the result was inconclusive. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health. Trials assessed only three of the eight intervention comparisons identified. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective (a general well-being of the child) and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives (ensuring that children received adequate attention from caregivers to reduce fatigue). We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity, and therefore could not combine the results, so we present them descriptively. The overall quality of the evidence in this review is weak, and the exact prevalence of severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer remains unclear.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people in the review. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic) there was a significant reduction in RTIs but not in total mortality.
Five randomised controlled studies were included in the review. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. No studies in community settings were included. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in group dwelling units found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the review (416 women). The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. One of the studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (low-quality evidence). Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in OHSS or side-effects (low quality evidence). The evidence was low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. More research is needed.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in our review. The trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence). The trials show evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH therapy but again no differences between dose levels. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on quality of life. None of the trials systematically compared the expense of therapy with overall healthcare costs. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, warrants careful monitoring.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants. In ten studies, authors compared removal from exposure to reduction of exposure. For continued exposure, 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of symptoms at follow-up, the decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second as a percentage of a reference value (FEV1 %) was 5.4% during treatment, and the standardized change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) was -0.18.
We included six randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 985 participants. Social skills training may improve social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. Results may also favour social skills. Quality of life also improved in the social skills group compared to standard care. However, when social skills training was compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rate, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the benefits and harms of pegloticase in patients with tophi. We found only one RCT, at low risk of bias, that met our inclusion criteria. This trial was funded by the National Institute of Health, the US Food and Drug Administration, and the National Center for Research Resources.
This review of the available trials did not support the use of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC.
This review shows that chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival after radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income countries, and sixteen in high-income settings. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages (moderate confidence). However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high confidence). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number (moderate confident). Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones by others (low confidence). Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also be a problem. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions (e.g. HIV, family planning, or abortion care) were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, Some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues (such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages). Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them, and had preferences for different delivery channels. They also had preferences about message content, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in the review. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis.
Nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants were included in the review. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity.
The data from this review suggest, at present, that it may be an effective antipsychotic but its adverse effect profile does not differ significantly from that of typical antipsychotics.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams,hydroquinone and tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. In total, the quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials with long-term outcomes are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose postoperative 5-FU was found to be very low using GRADE.
Fifty-six studies with 16,154 participants were included in the review. In the long-term, ICS did not consistently reduce the rate of exacerbations (i.e. exacerbations per patient per year, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.28 to 11.88, 2333 participants), but one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality in COPD patients (odds ratio (OR) 0.98 to 1.16, 8390 participants). ICS speed up the decline in lung function, but ICS increase the risk of infection (oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness) and pneumonia (OR 1.56 to 6235 participants) in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event in the ICS group compared to the placebo group.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using NSAIDs need to be aware of the substantial risks of adverse effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. However, the available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low levels PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) and 23 new studies (23 new studies were added to the original review) and assessed 19 studies (9857 patients) as being of high quality.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only one small adverse event was reported.
We included 13 studies, representing data from 2745 individuals (1413 individuals) with dementia. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-item IQCODE, or in the language of administration, between the two groups. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a large variety of people with different forms of dementia.
All studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy (task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) reduced elbow range of movement at 14 weeks; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and types (e.g.
Four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, were included in this review. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. A third trial compared combination treatment with lamivUDine and HBIG versus lamivoodine alone, after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivodine andHBIg versus a combination of Lamivudice and HBAg after at least 12-month of low-dose and medium-dose treatment. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection.
All studies had a high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes).
We included a total of 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants). The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three studies with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. Due to the quality of the evidence being very low, we are uncertain if the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions improved function, or health-related quality of life, in people who were not prescribed equipment or restrictions post-THA. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or adverse events, or total adverse events. One study (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the need for hip precautions with or without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to functional activities. The results of this study were of very low quality. We are uncertain whether the incidence of hip dislocation differed between people provided with hip precautions (1/152) compared to those provided with no equipment (0/151) or restrictions (113/152). No study measured pain, function, HRQOL, re-operation rates or total side effects. Very low quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality studies are needed to assess the outcomes of different occupational therapy interventions, both in the short and longer term for those who undergo THA, in particular, for those with personal ADL and instrumental ADL.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in the review. Two trials reported a reduction in the number of women who experienced a recurrence of painful periods in the LNG-IUD group compared with waiting for labour and birth (expectant management) and one trial reported a change in menstruation was also significantly higher in the low-quality group but no difference between groups. In one trial, lower pain scores were noted in the lower-quality IUD group but this did not reach statistical significance. None of the trials reported funding from device manufacturers. Further research is needed to confirm these findings and to inform policy and practice.
We included 24 studies, with 20 of them giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons (n = 154) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted foods(s). For consumption outcomes, we found moderate reduction in consumption of the foods, but low certainty evidence. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. The overall certainty of the evidence was low or very low.
No randomized controlled trials were found that evaluated the effect of two or more antiretroviral drugs for occupational PEP. Based on the results from a single trial, we recommend that a four-week regimen of PEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of seroconversion. A randomized trial is neither ethical nor practical. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in developing countries, is needed.
CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. The quality of the trial designs has improved over time, but the quality of treatments has not. CBT has small positive effects on disability and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls, or when it was not possible to mask participants to which treatment group they were randomised, or if it was possible that the treatment as usual/waiting list or treatment as waiting list control groups could have influenced the results. The results suggest that CBT is effective in changing mood and anxiety immediately post-treatment, and in reducing disability, with some maintenance of effects lasting longer than six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed some effect on anxiety immediately after treatment.
We included 15 national initiatives, including 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Because of high levels of study heterogeneity (I2 > 90%), we focused on individual initiatives rather than on pooled results. Ten initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). As required by the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method, we graded the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias in the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. We could perform a sensitivity analysis only for impact. For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed a statistically significant reduction in population salt intake from pre-intervention to post-interventions, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United States) showed no significant change and one (Canada) showed an increase in salt intake, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams per day less (Ireland). Two initiatives showed a higher salt intake per person (1.66 kg/day more per person) in the United States than in the UK. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a lower average salt intake in people in the population at the time of the intervention than in those in the control group, and one showed an increased salt intake. We found no adverse effects of these interventions. Information was insufficient to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the initiative. Heterogeneity across studies was significant, leading to very low quality of evidence.
The evidence is current to April 2015. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa, levose® (one study) and tryptophan were all compared with placebo. The studies included a small number of people, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. The results for most comparisons were uncertain because of statistical imprecision (i.e.
We included 10 randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1015 participants. We are uncertain whether immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants improves the duration of intensive care unit stay or oxygenation at day 4 due to the very low quality of evidence.
This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. These AEs may be important from a clinical perspective or for patients. The impact on the nature of the AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods used to compare elicitation strategies limited this review.
We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. One listed study is awaiting classification. We found 15 studies, eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP, five studies measured devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure it, and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions to preventing SUDEP. One study at serious risk of bias found nocturnal supervision to reduce the number of seizures in the area in which a supervising person shared the same bedroom or someone was supervised to check on their safety. This evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing suDEP in people with epilepsy.
Six studies enrolled people who were clinically stable (i.e. People who had a flare-up of cystic fibrosis (‘exacerbation’) were not included in the review; however, there were no studies that compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing techniques. Six studies reported forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most commonly used outcome measured by all seven studies, with only three studies reporting on quality of life (which usually occurs during the natural growth process). Six studies measured sputum weight. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants.
Twenty five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses.
The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA, and involved 1,856 women. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. There may be little or no difference in other secondary maternal outcomes, including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth.
We included 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1298 participants. Nine studies compared CM to control, and five compared MIB to control. The evidence is current to January 2015. The trials did not assess whether the interventions led to better outcomes for the mother and her baby, or whether they had any effect on the health of the baby. In general, the quality of the included studies was low to moderate. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately reported how participants were selected, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several aspects. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term NACE, cardiac death, all-cause mortality, bleeding, and access site complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up).
We found only two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). This and the small number of people included in the studies meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. One trial (99 participants) evaluated the effect of an intervention group with an intervention to support them to care for themselves in their daily life activities in an acute illness. The intervention did not affect mortality, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission. The other trial (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) also evaluated the intervention to help with decisional conflict between the intervention and control group. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores on Decisional Conflict Scale (mean difference -0.30, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.4 units considered meaningful) and were more likely than participants in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to assess the effect on survival, health outcomes and the health of people with advance dementia. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised controlled trials, suggest that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 622 participants. The trials were conducted in community settings, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow-up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance, weight training plus a control, or no CrP. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued taking CrP due to adverse events; one adverse event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We found no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the effectiveness and safety of CrP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons, by secondary intention. Two studies compared different iodine preparations with no treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. One study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream over a three week period. This was classed as being of low quality evidence. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralmate group. There was moderate quality evidence that more open wound wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL gauze over three weeks' follow-up. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date on SWHSI.
Five randomised controlled studies with total of 1049 women were included in this review. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants), five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants), and three studies were non-randomised studies (1181 participants). The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients was associated with fewer neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele when compared to unfortified maize flour. Adults consuming a fortified maize flour-fortified wheat flour bread bread had higher erythrocyte folate levels than those who consumed unfortify flour. There was no significant effect of fortified wheat flour on haemoglobin or anaemia. The certainty of evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. The included studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination.
Two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in the review. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive than traditional diagnosis through traditional diagnosis, and nutritional benefits are apparent.
We found five randomized trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years, that assessed blood pressure goals lower than standard blood pressure targets in people with elevated blood pressure and diabetes. At present, evidence from randomized trials does not support lowering the blood pressure target to less than 140 mmHg.
Fourteen trials (709 participants) met the inclusion criteria for the review. One study compared two different types of non-removable casts with no discernable difference between the groups. The other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
The evidence is current to January 2013. We included five studies (including 235 participants) in the review. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. The meta-analyses of two studies (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from training on cognitive function, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being immediately post-intervention. Compensatory strategy training demonstrated beneficial effects on cognitive functions (including processing speed, executive function, verbal- and verbal-memory, self-reported cognitive function) and spiritual quality of life (QoL) immediately after the intervention. The results may be different in future studies. Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that these non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Larger, multi-site studies are needed in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this approach.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 people with schizophrenia, that compared chlorpromazine with piperacetazine. We excluded one trial. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement (global state is the mental state of a person living in the world that is not well controlled with schizophrenia), there was no clear difference between chlorpromazem and pibacetazine (range 0.90, 95% confidence interval 0.80 to 1.02; people = 208; studies = 2; very low-quality evidence). Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better or better than p Piperacetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. No clear difference in numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason was observed. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. As a result, further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is likely to change the estimate.
Five randomised controlled trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. The stent related perforation rate was 5.88%. The overall complication rate was 2.13%.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing human albumin, HES and mannitol with placebo or no treatment for OHSS in women at high risk. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any conclusions. The evidence was very low to moderate quality for all comparisons.
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included in the review. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any one sclerosing agent over another in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, but the agents studied showed superiority to a placebo. There was some evidence suggesting that polidocanol was more likely to cause side effects at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was probably more likely than placebo at 0.5%. Further research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dose to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 241 participants in our review. Salbutamol administered via either a nebulizer or a metered dose inhaler significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo; however, many of the studies did not provide enough statistical information with their results. Insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline were not studied in any placebo-controlled studies. The effectiveness of potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in randomized controlled trials and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
The evidence is up-to-date at 22 July 2018. We included 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, in our review. Twenty-one studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 used non-antibiotic antimicrobial, and 4 used both types of antimicrobial. The studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotics probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies; low certainty evidence), but antimicrobial lock solutions probably makes little or no difference to the risk of catheter clotting (14 studies; very low certainty of evidence). Subgroup analyses showed that antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions decreased CRI compared to control, but the combination did not make any difference to reducing CRI in people with a non-tunnelled CVC (4 studies; 4 certainty of the evidence). The results are uncertain for all antimicrobial locking solutions. Our confidence in the evidence is low and very low. Therefore, further research is needed.
We identified 15 eligible randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved 1098 solid organ transplant recipients. Six investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre-certainty treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous treatment. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV, but there was significant heterogeneity in the results between the studies. All studies were considered to be at low risk of bias, with only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment.
This review found insufficient evidence to recommend the use of sweet potato for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Further observational trials are needed.
We included 62 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met our inclusion criteria. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with a follow-up of one to three years. The 14 remaining studies were cross-over studies with inadequate reports for complete assessment. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. We found that the active cycle of breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes important for people with cystic fibrosis, such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. Longer-term studies are needed to better understand the effects of the activity on important outcomes for people.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles.
The review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 newborns, found that a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak and increase in mortality before hospital discharge.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients in our review. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFUI, frequency, structure, duration, duration etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological problems with the included studies, we could only perform a meta-analysis for a few outcomes. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. This means that results must be considered with caution. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 randomised controlled trials to include in the review. The trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. In four trials, retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. There was no good evidence that the addition of a monetary incentive, an offer of a non-monetary incentive, letters, or reminders, delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. An open trial design appeared to be more effective than a blind trial design for returning of questionnaires in one trial. A telephone survey did not appear to be as effective as both a radio survey and a questionnaire. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. Data were insufficient to allow estimation of differences for obstruction related to the device. None of the studies reported nausea and vomiting as an outcome. We assessed the quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, to be low.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous version of the review. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The average age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen studies only included children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders, and five studies included only children with irritable bowel syndrome. We found that children treated with probiotics experienced a greater reduction in pain frequency at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also no reduction in symptoms at the same time point in the probiotics group compared to the placebo group. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in pain in this timescale. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants included in these studies.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials, and 19 of the 22 studies had outcome data. The results indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice resulting from schizophrenia to that associated with major depression. Two studies (n = 455) contained statements about adverse effects, and neither reported finding any. The studies were very varied in the populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects and very low for costs.
The studies took place in 41 countries. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women; 17 studies examined the experiences of healthcare providers; and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies were carried out in mainly rural, urban and semi-urban locations. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant, as well as on local socio-cultural norms relating to the advantages or disadvantages of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC design and provision when they access it for the first time. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees, and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and transparent, and respectful of women's need for privacy. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: For women in the group of women who’re starting or not restarting their ANC, their perception that using it will help them to care for themselves and their baby, and their babies, as and when they need it. We conclude that providing and funding services should help to increase the uptake (or not to discourage) of ANC services by pregnant women, community members and other relevant stakeholders. Future research should consider the three main areas identified by the review as a basis for service development and improvement. First, healthcare providers need to be trained and education to do their job well, and should be provided with an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. Second, healthcare professionals should be trained to deliver the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women to their healthcare services.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended in routine practice on the basis of the present evidence.
We identified three studies including 739 children. Two studies were conducted in the USA, one in Denmark and one in Australia. The trials were funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Center for Research Resources, NIH, US Public Health Service and the Children's Service. None of the studies reported information on quality of life. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the myeloablative group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference between the treatment groups was identified. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in the high-risk groups. Therefore the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned. These trials should be performed in homogeneous patients (e.g. stage of disease and patient age) and have a long-term follow-up.
We identified eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that assessed the role of TACE followed by 3-DCRT for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We assessed the overall quality of the trials as low to very low because of methodological weaknesses in the included trials. We are also very much uncertain about the results of the reported non-serious adverse events.
No randomised controlled trials were found that examined the effects of increasing energy intake for preterm infants with CLD/BPD.
Overall 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) were included in the review. Two-dimensional ultrasound appears to offer small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomical landmark technique for subclavian (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein (success on the first attempt) for central vein catheterization. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were available. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking.
Fifteen studies were included using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. There are no usable results from the intravenous infusion trials, Oral form  The few results available from the conventional oral form showed no benefit of the conventional form compared with placebo. There were statistically significantly higher numbers of patients from the conservator group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events, and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, tremor, asthenia or sweating. The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/day) was associated with higher numbers than the control group, and with no benefit on cognition.
We included 13 trials involving 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two trials enrolled participants with a history of stroke, and one trial recruited people with a mix of people with CVD. The evidence is current to February 2015. The trials were conducted in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United States, and the United Kingdom. The overall quality of the included trials was moderate.
We included 12 studies involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding after CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) in our review. Additional medical interventions (moderate quality evidence) and blood transfusions were less frequent in women receiving TA versus placebo or no interventions. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects (e.g. nausea, vomiting, dizziness) with the use of TA.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that compared amantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. The studies were conducted in Australia, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the USA, Sweden, the UK and the Netherlands. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015. For prevention, we found no studies that looked at the long-term effects of the drug. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low.
The evidence is current to January 2017. We are uncertain whether endometrial injury improves the chances of live birth and live birth/ongoing pregnancy in women who are trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. The overall quality of the evidence was either low or very low. The main reasons we downgraded the quality were most included studies were at high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further studies with large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four studies (3905 participants) in our review. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We were unable to determine whether professional dental care resulted in fewer people having pneumonia-associated death over an 18-month period (one study, 2513 participants analysed; low-quality evidence); or whether it resulted in a lower number of first-occurrence of pneumonia episodes (n = 366 participants analysed) over 24-month follow-up (two studies, 834 participants analysed). Only one study (834 participants randomised) measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common adverse effects being oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. We found no high-quality studies to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further studies are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
Five studies with 149 participants were included in the review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks), beclometasone dipropionate versus mesalazine plus cholestyramine (4 g/day), budesonid versus placebo or placebo, mesal antidepressant versus mesaleazine plus chronic non-steroid treatment, or bechometasen diprophionate compared with placebo. Studies were conducted in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, USA, Sweden, Switzerland, United States of America, United Kingdom and United Kingdom. Side effects were reported as nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache.
The studies included in this review took place in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Israel and the United States and included 3259 participants. The studies lasted from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine studies compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one compared SMBG with SMUG, one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with standard care, and one study compared less intensive selfmonitoring with a control group. Two studies reported costs. One study was funded by a university research centre, and the costs were 12 times the cost of monitoring. Another study was university funded and reported no funding. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. There were few data on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. As a result, further research is needed to understand the psychological impact of SMBG, its impact on patients' general well-being and general health-related quality of life, as well as its effects on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
Eleven randomised controlled trials were included in the review, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants with AsPD. There is insufficient evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles, the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration was superior to incarceration alone for imprisoned drink- driving offenders.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. Interpretation of the data is limited because some studies included only children or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used; and outcomes were measured in different ways. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 162 participants. One study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. None of the trials measured our primary outcome, time-to-resolution or our secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We assessed the quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias (insence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and imprecision (low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability, or MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. Vitamin D at the doses and treatment duration used in the included trials appears to be safe, although available data are limited. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review.
We included 62 studies, with 4241 participants in the review. The studies were conducted in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the USA, Norway, Sweden, the UK and the Netherlands. However, the studies were old, often small, and were carried out for registration purposes. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. The main reasons for downgrading the review to 'no worse than mild pain' were poor reporting of study methods, inconsistency in trial results, and the lack of precision in study results.
We included 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. We are uncertain whether open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. We also do not know if open surgery increases the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18 out of 140 observed in the open surgery group compared with 17 out of 130 in the control group). The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to study design flaws, imprecision (small sample size) and indirectness (enrolled participants had different numbers of events).
Three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants in total, tested different treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI between children receiving intranasal corticosteroids compared to placebo. In contrast, children receiving oral montelukast had a lower AHI compared to those in the placebo group. We also do not know whether the other outcomes are different. Adverse events were reported and reported in all studies and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgery for OSA as an outcome.
We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE in children with CVCs, or in reducing adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding). We found that the addition of low molecular weight heparin to AT resulted in a significant reduction in symptomatic bleeding episodes without bleeding complications, as well as a reduction in the number of children who experienced bleeding or infection, and a removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, or PTS). None of the studies provided information on other adverse events: None occurred. We assessed the quality of the included studies as having low methodological quality, which means that our findings may not represent the truth.
Three trials with a total of 287 participants were included in the review. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the relative risk of postoperative deficits. For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSFD only studies, the OR remained unchanged.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 participants. NB-UVB and re-PUVA are similarly effective for treating people with CPP or GP, and may be more convenient to use in practice since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. Current evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution.
Twenty one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. The limited number of identified trials together with methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises and biofeedback therapy in the management of people with faecal incontinence.
The data were generally inconclusive and of poor or moderate quality. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any difference in urinary tract infection. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter was used postoperatively than a suprapubic catheter. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggest fewer urinary tract infections when a catheter is removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days, RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.87) with no pattern in respect to catheterisation.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Aripiprazole was compared with other medications in three studies in adults—lithium was used in one study and haloperidol in two studies—as well as being compared with no additional medication (in one study). The trials did not report funding sources. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy.
We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatments with concomitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) versus systemic antibiotics alone, and one CCT compared ethanol lock treatment with a set combination of systemic antibiotics and systemic antibiotics. No RCTs or CCTs were found. Not all studies were included in all analyses. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications addressing this outcome. No significant effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in addition to systemic antibiotics was found; this could be due to the small number of participants in the studies, or a lack of power or a too-short follow-up. The results of the individual studies did not identify any adverse events. We conclude that there is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials investigating the use of antibiotics or other treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections.
Advice to activate: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute to chronic pain than no treatment at intermediate-term follow-up, but not at long-term. Advice focusing on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low quality studies (three trials, 243 participants) favoured other treatment, or showed no difference in effectiveness, across a wide range of time periods and disorder types. Ad advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomicics and self-care strategies: very low to very low quality study (nine trials, using diverse educational approaches) showed either no evidence of benefit or difference for varied outcomes.
The thematic synthesis suggests that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place.
Opioids seem effective for treating RLS symptoms, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. More patients in the drug group experienced side effects than those in the placebo group. The major side effects were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache.
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with displaced and potentially or evidently unstable distal radial fractures, were included in the review. There was insufficient evidence to establish a difference between the two groups in complications such as reflex sympathetic dystropy (25/384 versus 17/347) or malunion (16/347 versus 11/347). Most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor. Methodological weaknesses among these trials included lack of allocation concealment and inadequate outcome assessment.
The evidence is current to January 2018. We are uncertain whether early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation reduces the incidence of UTI, but we are also uncertain if there is a increased risk of MUC in people who have a stent in the kidney. The overall certainty of the evidence was moderate for both incidence and prevalence of UTIs, though we are uncertain if one is more likely to harm than the other. The data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations; and two compared PMCs fitted with the Hall technique versus fillings. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns, which are held in place with white veneers, and a combination of both. No RCTs were found that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns (i.e. We are uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in the risk of gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either in the short term or long term. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to non-restorative caries, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns is very low.
We included a total of 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults with CF) in our review. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask; in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips; and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece is used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in sufficient detail to provide any high-quality evidence; only very low to moderate quality evidence was available for other outcomes. The quality of the evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF.
CZP was superior to placebo in achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between CZP and placebo, as the 95% confidence interval includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Serious adverse events included worsening Crohn's disease, infections, and malignancy.
We included one hundred and twelve studies in our review. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review; and 81 studies included individuals with CKD; however, data for this subgroup were not provided. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers affects the risk of the developing aetensive heart failure. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease hospitalisation for heart failure compared to placebo or no treatment. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone antagonists may reduce the risks of death and the need for dialysis due to heart failure due to any cause, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm.
Three studies involving a total of 1945 women were included in this review. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies, but there was no difference between groups. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not significantly different in the two groups.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with CVI. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms were measured in both studies but using different scales, so we were not able to pool the data. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. The overall quality of evidence was very low according to the GRADE approach. Therefore, the results should be interpreted carefully. Further research into the effect of physical exercise should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size, blinding and homogeneity according to severity of disease.
Seventy-six trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) were included in the review. In total, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables, (e.g. pain, function and patient global assessment) that are expressed by the trials.
The purpose of this review was to assess the best way to treat women who fail to respond to uterotonic therapy. We identified ten randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants that met our inclusion criteria and were included in this review. Adjunctive use of misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonics did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality, serious maternal ill-health, admission to intensive care, or hysterectomy. Two RCTs (1787 participants) compared 800 mcg sublingual versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included women who had received a prophylactic uterotonic, and the other did not. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation.
Six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the review. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. Nitrogen retention was significantly increased by cysteine supplementation (4 trials) and N-acetylcysteine (1 trial) compared with absence of cysteines. One large multicenter trial (95 preterm infants) also showed a significant increase in nitrogen retention and decrease in cytsteine levels by using a large number of infants.
We identified 77 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 6287 participants. Twenty-six of the trials were partially or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Due to the very low quality of the evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with steatohepatitis. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related lung disease (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation) (the result is usually confirmed in one trial). Five trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high risk of systematic errors (ie, there was potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted) and random errors (there was possibility of arriving at false conclusions due to the play of chance). None of the studies reported health-related quality of life. Bile acids versus no intervention There was no evidence of difference in the number of people with serious adverse events between antioxidants and no intervention (very low quality evidence) and no evidence that antioxidants or no intervention led to more or less severe adverse events than no intervention. Thiazolidinediones vs no intervention The results of one trial (74 participants) indicated that there was no death in either group, and none of the participants experienced more or more or fewer adverse events, nor any evidence of differences between the two groups. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidants for the treatment of NAFLS. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with large sample sizes are necessary.
We included 15 studies (1172 participants) in our initial review, which evaluated the accuracy of CSF t-tau for the diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease in people with MCI at the time of enrolment into the studies. The studies were conducted in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the USA, the UK and Denmark. In total, 1282 participants were included in the 15 studies, of which 1172 had data that we could analyse in our review. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for ‘other dementias’ has not been investigated in the included primary studies. A significant number of studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. Only one study reported the accuracy (sensitivity) and specificity values were between 80% and 96% while the specificities were between 33% and 95%. As a result, our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. Future studies with more uniformed approaches to thresholds, analysis and study conduct may provide a more homogenous estimate than the one that has been available from the included studies.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateCTomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future findings related to this topic. Low-quality evidence suggests that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane). However, it is unclear whether this information translates directly to clinical avoidance of eye complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs.
We included 14 studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. Lower quality evidence resulted in lower confidence in the estimate of effect for those outcomes. Data from observational studies started at low quality.
The evidence is current to July 2014. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches. The total number of included participants in the four trials was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid and without topical steroid, and had a follow-up period ranging from two months to one year. We did not find any reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four studies were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that directly compared percutaneous vascular interventions with intravenous or intravenous thrombolytic treatment for people with ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence from randomized controlled trials that any of these interventions is superior to intravenous interventions with respect to functional outcome. Outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants. There was no difference in the number of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. The quality of evidence was low for the outcomes outcome assessment and death at end of follow-up.
The search identified one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children in the search, that examined the effects of centre-based day care services for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. No study reported on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). One study did not report on any effect on the mental development of children (skills that describe how well the children behaved in school, their health or social care services, or both) or the psychosocial development of the children. Therefore, the results of this review do not support the practice in general practice for the prevention of child intellectual or functioning problems in the early stages of childhood and are inconclusive for the general population as a result of the lack of effect from randomised controlled trials. Further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were included through the screening process. Eleven of the 30 scoring indicators have undergone some form of index validation. Three of the indices underwent content validation. Six of the included scoring indices explored the content validity of the articles. Two of the identified scoring indices tested the accuracy of the findings. The optimal index would need to be fully validated.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 213 participants, of whom 112 were male. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. None of the trials compared surgery with non-surgical treatment. The evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between nailing and plating, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between the two groups. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials should inform this question in future updates.
We included 11 randomised controlled trials (38,742 participants) in our review. Eight studies compared BPLDs with no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure goals (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (range 0.70 to 0.93), for major vascular event 0.90 (range 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.78 to 1.04), and for dementia 0.88 (range 74.1%; P = 0.006). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in people with a diuretic or an ACE inhibitor.
Five hundredeteen men from four studies (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) were included in the studies. Three studies used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one study used 100% B-sucoside. B-Sitosterols improved urinary symptoms and flow measures. Their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults).
The review authors found no evidence from trials that using thyroid hormones routinely in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome leads to fewer short-term and long-term problems.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. The RCTs were conducted in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United States, and the United Kingdom. The evidence is current to January 2017. The trials included a large number of participants. We found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. Additional analyses showed that NABAs can help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal syndrome (moderate quality evidence). We were not able to include the data in our overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence) for the remaining outcomes. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to very low.
The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphonate therapy, vitamin D agents, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, but the certainty of evidence was low or very low for all other comparisons.
There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/ day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). There was no significant increase in handgrip strength in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants in our review. Antibiotics shorten time to cure in people with uncomplicated acute rhinosinusitis, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
Eight trials (enrolling 2515 patients) were included in the review. Data for DFS were only available from one trial and for no trial were data available.
The findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone does not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period.
We included two studies in our review. Both studies were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The second study, a parallel designed randomised controlled trial, compared the effect of nectar or honey thick liquids with a chin down head position over a three-month period in a small number of 260 participants with a variety of different severities of dementia. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in the trial. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low.
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included in the review. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. There was no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle and standard IVF in rates of OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in our final analysis. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants). None of the included studies reported any side effects of Tai Chi. Quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants in this review. Virtual reality was provided as part of usual care, in addition to providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the virtual reality group, and in one trial it was provided with a control group that received no intervention or therapy. We found that virtual reality may be beneficial in improving upper limb function and activities of daily living function when used as an adjunct to usual care (to increase overall therapy time). There was a trend to higher doses than 15 hours of total intervention, which seemed preferable, given the lack of side effects. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low due to poor reporting of study methods and the small number of study participants in the studies.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. For death, sputum culture conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). Fluoroquinolones substituted for ethambutol in standard regimens Three trials (723 participants) substituted a single small trial (4 trials) that assessed rifampicin and pyrazinamide for treating drug-sensitive TB. No trials reported on treatment failure. For relapse at eight weeks, we are also uncertain whether there is a effect (low quality evidence). There is currently not enough evidence to be clear whether substitution or substitution of fluorocinolones in the first line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion of bacteria, or leads to more severe adverse events.
