More one-bedroom flats should be built for ex-prisoners in Wales because of a "desperate need" for accommodation, a charity has said.
A man has been charged in connection with a firearms investigation in Edinburgh.
Four black teenagers accused of beating a disabled man and forcing him to drink toilet water and kiss the floor in a Facebook Live video have been denied bail.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed former Reading assistant manager Gary McSheffrey as their new head coach.
A low-calorie diet can regenerate a special type of cell in the pancreas, a study suggests.
The merger of two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica, has been described as a "game-changer" by the head of the Association of Optometrists.
Wendy Houvenaghel says she was dropped from British Cycling's 2012 London 2012 team because of "cultural and governance failings" in its World Class Programme.
The owner of a comedy club in Texas says he doesn't think people laughed at him when he told them he was taking over a sinking ship.
Shares in BT rose sharply in early trading after the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, said it would not be splitting the company into two separate companies.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares for Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut 1,010 student places over the next three years, the BBC has learned.
More than 850 hospital appointment letters sent out by an NHS trust contained the wrong patient information leaflets, it has emerged.
Labour is "trying to get a compromise" with the government over the draft Brexit bill, the shadow foreign secretary has said.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not be receiving compensation after selling Kane O'Kane to Bournemouth.
An inquest into the death of a man who drowned off the Gower coast could have been triggered by a visit from the police, a doctor has said.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan for the rest of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has warned the incoming Trump administration not to restrict access to federal climate data, saying it would be "an enormous disservice" to the US and the world.
The Specials drummer Brad Brad Bradbury has died aged 69.
England's Justin Rose will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Farmers Insurance Open as world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut at Torrey Pines.
Former England and England striker Carlton Cole says he is determined not to rush his return from kidney failure after receiving a new kidney from his nephew.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on the US-based video-sharing site YouTube following a deal between the government and Google.
Leicester Tigers flanker Mike Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury and could be out for up to 10 weeks.
Welsh cyclist Liam Doull said it was "surreal" to win his first Olympic gold medal after beating Australia in the men's team pursuit.
At least 90 people have been killed in flash floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
It is believed to be the first wedding to be conducted and vowed in skis in Scotland.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $100m (£60m) by Hong Kong regulators for falsifying trading records.
La La Land, Spider-Man, La La Land and Viola Davis were among the winners at the Bafta Film Awards on Sunday night - but what about the rest of the nominees?
Andy Murray's remarkable run of form in 2016 may have come to an end, but he is still one of the world's best tennis players.
Police in South Africa are questioning suspected suspects over the fatal shooting of a popular rapper in the city of Johannesburg on Sunday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shot was fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool.
Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Austria.
Formula 1 team Manor have gone into administration, with the loss of all 90 jobs at the team.
More than 228 candidates are standing for election in the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
You've been using Your Questions to tell us what you want to know about the recent fall in the pound against the US dollar.
A teenager from Northumberland has been crowned the UK's only alternative model of the year.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition against plans to move a statue commemorating the Falklands War.
A man has appeared in court in London charged with breaching restrictions imposed after the London Bridge and Westminster Bridge terror attack.
Sussex have appointed former all-rounder Paul Anyon as their new head coach of the women's team.
League One side Bury have signed left-back Jordan Brown on a short-term deal following a trial spell with the Shakers.
Fairytales have long been criticised for being too modernised, with films such as Frozen and Beauty and the Beast updating the classic fairytale to fit in with the 21st Century.
This year's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev, Ukraine, on Sunday.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Ringo Starr, John Lennon and John Lennon made history when they played their first show at Liverpool's Cavern Club in July 1962.
South Africa's government has proposed setting a new minimum wage of 12,000 rand ($1,200; Â£1,100) for all workers.
Ethiopia's long-time leader Meles Zenawi, who died on Sunday aged 94, was one of Africa's most enigmatic and enigmatic political figures.
Azhar Ali scored an unbeaten half-century for Pakistan before rain washed out the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.
Labour has held the Leith Walk and Midlothian West by-election with a swing of 7.6% from the SNP.
Russia says it is "irrational" for the US to refuse to co-operate in air strikes against so-called Islamic State militants in Syria despite a partial truce coming to an end in the city of Aleppo.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Evans and Rhys Hughes from Welsh Rugby Academy.
US President Barack Obama has announced new sanctions against Russia after accusing Moscow of meddling in the US election and accusing it of hacking.
University tuition fees in England would be scrapped if Labour wins the general election, the party has announced in its manifesto.
Firefighters have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show air disaster, the fire service has said.
The director of national intelligence has said he has never been directed to do anything "illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the US president.
The Obamas have attended a birthday party in Washington DC attended by members of the American public, the White House has confirmed.
Police are continuing to investigate a number of reports of suspicious activity in Loughgall, County Down.
Mental health problems can be difficult to treat, particularly if they cause anxiety, depression or panic attacks.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after a state investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book.
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia aimed at ending the civil war in Syria.
London has elected a Muslim, Sadiq Khan, as its first Muslim mayor.
A new vicar has been chosen at a church in Lincolnshire after a children's song went viral.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will miss the rest of the season after injuring his ankle in Sunday's 2-1 win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss town of St Gallen, killing seven people, has died, police say.
A drone flew within 50m (164 ft) of a passenger plane as it was approaching an airport for take-off, police have said.
A seal which became tangled in a fishing net on a Perthshire beach has been released back into the sea.
Thousands of letters from some of Britain's most famous 20th Century figures have been uncovered as part of a major archive project.
David Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Marlanti tells us she's "thrilled" to be back on Later... with Jools Holland, but admits she's also "terrified" of live television.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he wants to prove he can still play in the Premier League despite being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have reported a return to profit for the financial year ending June 2015.
Paralympic gold medallist Abdullah Hayayei died after being hit by a metal pole when a throwing cage collapsed on his head.
Scotland's Chambers of Commerce has said it expects the Scottish economy to be "successful" in 2017, with business optimism still positive.
An inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to "expose both creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand will play Australia or Argentina for the Webb Ellis Cup after a thrilling World Cup semi-final victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
A study of a 19th Century obelisk is being carried out to see if it flexes in the wind.
Zara owner Inditex has reported a sharp rise in sales and profits, helped by a strong performance from its online business.
Lady Gaga is preparing for Sunday's Super Bowl half-time show in Houston, Texas.
A woman who was sexually abused by an Asian gang in Rochdale has said she is still being targeted by men in the town.
A department store in Manchester city centre has been forced to close after flooding caused by heavy rain.
A growing number of apparently automated comments have been posted against proposed net neutrality rules proposed by the US telecoms regulator.
Sale Sharks' new director of rugby Les Cotton says he wants to see the club become a "very different experience" for new fans when they move to Sale's new home ground.
Disney's latest film, Moana, has topped the US box office on its opening weekend.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Miami Open with a straight-set victory over American Lindsay Davenport.
Two men have been taken to hospital after a man was stabbed and another was stabbed in the neck in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Scientists believe they have identified the species of fruit bat that carried the Ebola virus that killed Emile Sorel, a 12-year-old boy in Guinea, West Africa.
Former world number one Mark Bingham says he could return to the World Championship if his wife goes into labour before the tournament gets under way.
A section of a derelict pier which partially collapsed into the sea off the Lincolnshire coast is to be removed, Lincolnshire County Council has decided.
Campaigners have launched a legal challenge against the University of Oxford's controversial new housing development in Oxford.
A head teacher has written to parents warning of "unthinkable" plans to cut school days and cut teaching jobs as part of a shake-up of funding plans.
Millions of people could be displaced from their homes because of plans to create national parks in Africa, according to a new report.
Skeletal remains have been found on a motorway slip road in Shropshire, police have said.
Colombia's Julio Cesar Martinez lost to Kazakhstan's Ruslan Dusmatov in the light-heavyweight final of the Olympic Games in Rio.
Universities in England and Wales are set to go on strike on Monday in a row over pay.
Parents at a primary school in East Dunbartonshire have said they are "delighted" the Scottish government is to investigate plans to close it.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese club Shonan Belles.
At least 10 people have been killed in fresh unrest in Indian-administered Kashmir as Kashmiris mark the first anniversary of the killing of a prominent militant.
Central banks around the world will be assessing the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter has announced his retirement from rugby with immediate effect.
An investigation is under way into the deaths of patients at a mental health unit at the centre of a scandal over poor care.
A County Londonderry man who knocked two men unconscious with a single punch has been jailed for attempted murder.
Goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended from international duty by the United States Women's National Team after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence.
A partner at a law firm has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with intent to supply.
Tasers are to be used by police officers on Scotland's railways following a decision by the country's transport authority.
Up to 80 new jobs are to be created at Scottish engineering firm ID Systems after it secured a loan and equity backing from UK Steel Enterprise Scotland (UKSE).
One of the Brazilian footballers who died in a plane crash in Colombia on Monday has made a good recovery, doctors say.
Former Newsround presenter Peter Robinson has called plans to turn Stonehenge into a tunnel a "high-class Wiltshire Disneyland experience".
Steven Naismith scored his first goal of the season as Everton eased into the Europa League group stage with a comfortable win over Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United defender Gary Bishop has signed a new contract with the League One club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner at a flat in south London.
Prostate cancer is one of the world's leading causes of cancer death for men.
Worcester's Christian Wade scored a hat-trick of tries as the Premiership leaders beat Wasps at the Ricoh Arena.
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum in which 38 people were killed, officials say.
Satellite images show how so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have targeted Mosul airport as part of their offensive to recapture the Iraqi city of Mosul.
The main railway line between London and Reading is to be closed over Easter as part of a major improvement project.
An oil company has been given a permit for exploratory drilling in a field on Anglesey.
US online retail giant Amazon has said it will record sales in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy from 1 May, as the European Union investigates its tax arrangements.
The chief medical officer of England's junior doctors has said she "understands the anger and frustration felt by many junior doctors" as they prepare to go on strike in a dispute over a new contract.
Oxford United midfielder Joe Kenny has signed a new contract with the League One club after his loan spell from Premier League side Everton was extended.
Two Dorset colleges have been awarded grants of £0.5m from the government to upgrade their buildings.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke is to meet the family of former Premier League footballer Jeff Astle to discuss head injuries and concussions.
The world's richest families have a net worth of about $100m (Â£65m), according to one of the world's leading wealth experts.
Sale Sharks have extended the contracts of teenage brothers Tom and Charlie for the rest of the season.
Police have appealed for information after a man was hit by a car in the centre of Dundee.
The US has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a regional conference on nuclear disarmament, saying it was "unrealistic" and "unworkable".
The UK government's support for fracking in England is "contrary to the approach of the Welsh Government", a minister has said.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title reign has been a roller-coaster ride so far, it's anyone's guess how long it will last.
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to name his final 23-man squad for the autumn internationals on Friday.
An exhibition of paintings by a World War One veteran who served in the Northumberland Fusiliers has gone on display.
Scott Brown's decision to retire early from international football is not a surprise to Scotland manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been released back into the wild after getting stuck in a fence in Northamptonshire.
Thousands of Post Office workers are to take part in a Christmas Day walkout in a dispute over plans to close Crown Post Offices.
Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt has said he would rather go into Stormont with the SDLP than Sinn FÃ©in.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs worth an estimated to be worth about Â£1m during searches in County Londonderry.
Northern Ireland Secretary Gerry Adams has called for all parties supporting a united Ireland to discuss how best they can achieve this.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his players to keep their feet on the ground as the League Two leaders move to the top of the table.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has criticised a list of demands for Qatar to comply with imposed by four Arab states over its alleged support for terrorism as "unreasonable and realistic".
UKIP leadership hopeful Diane Evans has said she has given up hope of becoming the party's next leader.
An Uber taxi driver has been charged with raping a woman in the Indian capital, Delhi, police say.
Wales' hopes of reaching the semi-finals of Euro 2016 came to an end with a 1-0 defeat by Portugal at the Stade de Lyon on Sunday.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire is the most deprived area in Scotland, according to new figures.
Olympic champions Paul Cassells and Michael Scrimgeour will defend their lightweight pairs title at the Rotterdam World Cup after winning their semi-final on Friday.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock midfielder Callum Johnston from Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea City and leave manager Francesco Guidolin's future at the Liberty Stadium in doubt.
Rugby is not a game for all shapes and sizes any more.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of this year's TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow.
The US has warned North Korea against "irresponsible provocations" after Pyongyang said it had restarted work at its Yongbyon nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man thought to have been shot with a shotgun.
"How much do you know about rugby league?"
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce starred with the ball as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to set up a World Twenty20 qualifier against Scotland.
The daughter of a man who died after being "thrown into the deep end" by a nurse has accused a hospital of not doing enough to improve its services.
Britain's Mark Cavendish made a winning start to his Olympic Games with a strong display in the individual pursuit in Rio on Sunday.
Northern Ireland's health service is to receive an additional £200m from the Stormont Executive.
Cambridge twins Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have dropped their long-running legal action against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
A teenage girl has died after being hit by a car.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known investigative journalists.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker Jonny Stewart for an undisclosed fee on a deal until June 2019.
A former soldier who was arrested as part of a police investigation into alleged payments to public officials has been released without charge, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Two care homes have been told to make urgent improvements after inspectors found "serious concerns" over the quality of care being provided to residents.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was stopped by police in north London.
More than 100,000 homes and businesses across Lancashire were left without power after a power substation failed.
A legal challenge has been won against the government's refusal to allow a new housing estate to be built on the site of a former racecourse.
The Isle of Wight Council has been urged to compensate local businesses whose businesses have been damaged by the troubled new Seabird ferry.
Lille have signed Tunisian midfielder Youssef Sliti from French Ligue 1 side Sedan Sedan for an undisclosed fee.
British astronaut Tim Peake has just returned to Earth from the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
An RAF plane has landed safely at Glasgow International Airport after it lost contact with air traffic control over the Atlantic Ocean.
Five more men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after a number of suspicious devices were found at a business.
The Euro 2016 finals gets under way in France in June and July, with hosts France aiming to defend the title they won in 1998 and holders Spain hoping to defend their title.
Great Britain will play Greece in a EuroBasket warm-up game at London's Copper Box on Saturday, 29 July, when the teams meet at 17:30 BST.
Wales' hopes of reaching the World Cup semi-finals were ended as Australia held on for a hard-fought victory at Twickenham.
Scotland scrum-half Josh Strauss says the players want to give head coach Vern Cotter a "good send-off" in the Six Nations.
The former head of the CIA, David Petraeus, has called for greater US involvement in the fight against Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq and Afghanistan.
More than 1,000 email addresses have been accessed in a cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council website.
Syrian rebels say they have begun a major offensive against government forces in the country's northern province of Latakia.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is introducing advertising on its platform.
David Bowie's brother David Hall will open the 2016 Mercury Music Prize, where he will perform the title song from the singer's final album Lazarus.
A retired detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it is "seven times more important now because of the result of the general election that the devolved countries have a real voice" in Brexit negotiations.
Families of some of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called for a new law to force public officials to co-operate with inquiries.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online could be prosecuted under new laws coming into force in England and Wales.
It is not clear what Faizan was eating when he woke up on Sunday morning.
A woman has died after being hit by a lorry in Gwynedd.
Four rail firms have been shortlisted for the first time for a Welsh Government contract to run a rail franchise.
BBC Scotland broadcaster Robbie Robertson has announced he is to step down from his show Take the Floor for the final time.
Preston manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League for'shifting the rules' to allow Carlisle United to play 'home' games away from Brunton Park.
Two Manchester United fans have been found in the grounds of Old Trafford after a suspicious package was found in a toilet.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston North End in extra-time in the EFL Cup first round.
A shopkeeper whose tools were stolen from a cat charity shop says he has been offered £100 and an offer to appear on a TV show after his story went viral.
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games because of her university studies after finishing second at the World Indoor Championships in London.
Southend United hope Nile Ranger will be fit for the start of the new season despite being jailed for fraud.
Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has paid tribute to Sir Terry Wogan, describing him as "one of the greatest broadcasters of our age".
Scotland's political parties have expressed concern about the future of jobs at the Clyde shipyards in Glasgow and Govan.
US Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have traded barbs in their first debate ahead of crucial votes next week.
Ukraine's Jamala has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in the competition's history.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a popular seaside resort after six people drowned at the same time.
Partick Thistle captain Osman Osman hopes manager Alan Archibald stays at Firhill.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of planning to travel to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS).
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Jordan Dixon on loan for the rest of the season from Nottingham Forest.
The NHS in England could save £500m a year if it cut the number of foreign visitors it treats, such as migrants, refugees and asylum seekers.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Cardiff Devils at the top of the Elite League after beating Braehead Clan 5-2 on Monday night.
One of Britain's most famous steam locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is preparing to return to service.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has won the right to sue the church for compensation.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office over the weekend.
World champion Lizzie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after breaking her spinal cord in a crash at the Track Cycling World Cup in Rotterdam.
The gap between the life expectancy of men and women is starting to close, according to a study by a UK statistician.
The former head of the country's police and crime commissioners (PCCs) has resigned from his post after going on Question Time.
"The amber warning lights have come back on again for China," is how Stephen King once described the country's economy.
Thames Water could earn 14% a year if it borrows money to build the Thames Tunnel, according to a water industry expert.
Tidal lagoon developer TLP has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures about the impact of a Swansea Bay tidal lagoon on fish numbers.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors for next season.
An investigation is under way after a China Eastern Airlines plane was forced to make an emergency landing with a gaping hole in one of its engines.
A woman who was told she would have to leave the UK because of her husband's low income has been told the government will review its decision.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Czech Republic coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight in Scotland would benefit the country's youth development.
Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has named Etienne Tshisekedi as his new vice-president.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner as Wycombe moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter.
Australian journalists have gone on strike over plans to cut jobs at national publisher Fairfax Media.
Jockey Ryan Moore is the "best jockey in the world at the moment", according to his trainer Richard Hannon, who says he would be "amazed" not to become a champion one day.
Talks aimed at ending Colombia's long-running civil war between the government and the Farc rebel group will resume in December.
Blackburn and Blackburn Rovers have been charged by the Football Association with failing to control their players following the red card shown to midfielder Emmanuel Akpan.
A study of octopuses has shed new light on the behaviour of the cephalopod.
British number one Laura Robson has been added to the list of British players who will play at the Nottingham Open.
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo says it will not exhum the bodies of 1,000 people who were buried in a mass grave near the capital, Kinshasa.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is set to be named as Everton's new manager, BBC Sport understands.
It is often said that when a government launches a new government, it sets out a radical vision for the future of housing.
At least six people have been killed and several injured in a suicide bombing in northern Turkey, the Turkish army says, blaming the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) for the attack.
Police searching for a missing teenager from North Lanarkshire have found a body believed to be his.
Barcelona's Luis Suarez is the world's most valuable player, according to a study from the CIES Football Observatory.
Mickey Borschberg, the pilot of the solar-powered aeroplane Solar Impulse, has set off from China for Hawaii on the latest leg of his quest to fly from Shanghai to Honolulu.
A deputy police and crime commissioner (PCC) suspended after being accused of breaching the law has settled a tribunal case against her.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as grandfather Richard Gilmore in the hit US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died aged 69.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side "had a point to prove to themselves" after scoring twice in a 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine in Lens.
A legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected at the High Court in London.
The daughter of a man and woman who were stabbed to death at their home has spoken of the "devastating" loss of her parents.
A chronology of key US-Americans who have been convicted of crimes in North Korea:
South Korea's education minister says he is "deeply sorry" after it emerged that two of the questions in a high school exam were flawed.
Gloucester Rugby League's All Golds Football Club have confirmed they are in talks with Gloucester Rugby Football Club's owners over a permanent ground.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to "isolate and ostracise" him from his family.
Olympic champions Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will race in this year's Tour of Britain, which gets under way in Manchester on Saturday.
A former manager of a hospital cardiac charity has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering charges.
A woman from the Dalit community in the western Indian state of Maharashtra (Bombay) has been beaten up by a group of women accused of being members of the upper-caste community.
Turkey has accused the US of putting it on a par with a terrorist organisation after it said it had held talks with Kurdish forces in northern Syria.
Mae e-bost yng Nghymru wedi bod yn un gywir a theg Esgob Llandaf.
Toshiba has confirmed it is in talks to borrow money from banks to help it restructure its business.
England will have to bat "really well" to beat Pakistan in the fourth and final Test, according to pace bowler James Anderson.
New Zealand head coach Warren Gatland has criticised England counterpart Eddie Jones for not telling his players who would be selected for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland Under-21 defender Jordan Hodson from Championship rivals Middlesbrough.
A decanter used to feed infants during the Highland Clearance of 1845 has been donated to Inverness Museum.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death with a cake knife while high on crystal meth and heroin has been jailed at Belfast Crown Court.
Guns are being sold illegally on the dark net, a study has found, raising "concerns" for law enforcement.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man once dubbed the "Britain's heaviest man" is set to return to the US for free weight-loss surgery after being granted a visa.
A new class of drugs could be a "game-changer" in the fight against prostate cancer, according to researchers at the University of Edinburgh.
European football's governing body has agreed to end its agreement with Uefa to allow matches to be played on the same night as Champions League games.
Teachers should scrutinise parents' holiday plans to ensure they do not allow their children to be subjected to female genital mutilation (FGM), a teachers' union has urged.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in a park in Dundee.
Swansea City manager Alan Curtis says it would be "tough" for the club to return to the Premier League if they were relegated from the top flight.
More than 191,100 students in Wales are still owing money towards their tuition fees, figures show.
Italian police have charged a man accused of posing as a pilot and flying a plane without a ticket.
Tougher visa rules should be put in place for people from the Indian sub-continent who come to the UK as spouses or partners, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
The number of children living in poverty in Wales has reached a record high, figures have shown.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their first and last jobs.
Schools have reopened in Guinea for the first time since Ebola was declared over in the West African country in October.
London's FTSE 100 share index has fallen to its lowest level since the depths of the financial crisis, as a global sell-off in shares continued.
The family of a County Tyrone teenager murdered by a County Londonderry man have said they are "angry and fearful" that he is due for release from prison.
Former Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silence" after a video appeared online showing him being shot dead by a sniper.
Louis van Gaal laughed when he was asked why he picked a team sheet with three centre-backs on it for his first Premier League game as manager.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first US crowdfunding round to help fund expansion in the US.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to a deal in a long-running dispute over the future of their pension scheme.
Coffee maker Keurig Green Mountain has agreed to sell its single-serve K-cup business to a private equity firm.
A university has been criticised for producing a poster mocking Jennifer Lawrence after a series of intimate photos of the actress were leaked online.
A man has died after being stabbed by a group of up to four men in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side must perform at a high intensity if they want to drive their players into the international set-up.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" as they bid to become the first team to go unbeaten in a season.
More than 1,000 unfinished student accommodation rooms at the University of Londonderry's new campus will not be ready for use this month, it has been confirmed.
A council has apologised after a popular American cartoon character did not make an appearance at a Christmas lights switch on in Northern Ireland.
Aston Villa have appointed Colin Calderwood as their new head coach after he left Brighton & Hove Albion.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he will use his surprise at being dropped from the British and Irish Lions squad as motivation for the tour of New Zealand.
England's performance against Scotland was exactly what they wanted it to be.
Great Britain missed out on a place in the men's 4x100m relay final at the World Indoor Championships after a baton change.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a car crashed into a bus travelling from Edinburgh to Falkirk.
A man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed into a tree in East Kilbride.
British super-bantamweight Nicola Adams says she hopes to follow in the footsteps of former Olympic champion Andre Ward by becoming a world champion.
Talks between the major world powers over Iran's nuclear programme are under way in Vienna, but why are they so important?
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive David Drumm has been granted bail in the Republic of Ireland after being extradited from the US.
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar's best-known singers.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's de-facto leader, has been under intense pressure to do more for the country's Muslim minority, the Rohingya.
It was a surprise to see coach Ivan Lendl greet me with a hug when I arrived at Queen's Club on Tuesday morning.
Teenagers have been telling Newsbeat why they think 16 and 17-year-olds should have the right to vote in the next general election.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has won the world title for the first time since taking over from Jenson Button at the end of 2015.
Tobacco use may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to researchers who say they have made a strong case for a link between smoking and the condition.
Six people have been rescued from rising tides at a beach in Weston-super-Mare.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he will now support assisted dying in England and Wales.
Gary Lineker says Leicester City's decision to sack manager Claudio Ranieri "beggars belief" after the Foxes won the Premier League last season was "wrong".
Rescuers in the Bangladeshi city of Dhaka are continuing their search for survivors of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital, Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed goalkeeper Harry Lewis from Southampton for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-0 at Pittodrie to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in the club's history.
A public inquiry into the death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, who was poisoned with radioactive polonium in 2006, has begun at the High Court in London.
A health board has been fined £1,000 for breaching financial rules over a £150,000 charity's organ donation challenge.
An elderly woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man accused of pretending to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire in west London has pleaded not guilty to fraud and false imprisonment.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at what will happen in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has demolished it.
The first trams have run on Nottingham's new light rail service after months of delays.
Home improvement show DIY SOS has been targeted in a series of break-ins.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for 2015 as the oil price continues to fall.
EE has been named as the UK's most reliable mobile network, while O2 came last in a national study of quality of service.
A man who took a roller blade and drove it across Dumfries while over the drink-drive limit has been given a driving ban.
Residents of a poor neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro have managed to save their neighbourhood from demolition.
The UK's nuclear safety watchdog has been accused of "moving the goalposts" after an increase in a reactor's weight loss limit.
A US hunter who shot dead a famous lion in Zimbabwe has been called a "sick individual" for killing the animal for sport.
Scotch whisky producer Lagavulin is set to make a significant contribution to Scottish heritage to mark the 200th anniversary of its release.
David Hockney said he had "no idea" what happened to a man who died after drinking acid at his home, an inquest has heard.
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu has made history by becoming the first female Nigerian to win a medal at the Olympic Games.
A plane flying from Edinburgh to Chicago has returned to Edinburgh Airport after declaring a second emergency due to a mechanical problem.
A minute's silence will be held before Wednesday's Europa League final between Manchester United and Ajax as a mark of respect to the victims of the Manchester attack.
More than £1bn has been spent on converting England's schools into academies in two years, with the government spending £8.3bn over budget, figures show.
Russell Knox arrived at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links with a smile on his face.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police.
Police in Brazil say they want to question International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach about his alleged involvement in ticketing at the Rio Olympics.
Malawi's first female president, Joyce Banda, has become the first in the country's history to be elected by popular vote.
The Football League has announced the first round of EFL Cup ties for the 2017-18 season, with Forest Green Rovers drawn at home at home to League One side Forest Green.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Australia have been returned to their enclosure.
Women are being held back by a "very traditional male mentality and outlook" in the UK's intelligence services.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has called for Muslims to "stand up against all forms of oppression, hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world".
Singer Charlotte Church has lost her unborn baby.
A man who killed two people when he crashed into a lorry while being pursued by police has been jailed for 12 years.
A woman who lived as a man for 40 years before undergoing gender reassignment surgery has spoken of her relief at finally being able to live as a woman.
Astronomers have discovered the first Jupiter-like planet to be discovered outside our Solar System.
Campaigners have set up a "peace camp" in Newport ahead of the Nato summit.
A man has been arrested after Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was allegedly targeted by hackers who offered a newspaper Â£50,000 for private photos.
Poland's ambassador to the UK has called on all Polish nationals who fall victim to xenophobic abuse to report it to police.
Ospreys have signed Wales flanker Rob McCusker from London Irish on a short-term deal.
Masked gunmen in Paris have seized 250,000 euros (Â£200,000; $300,000) in cash and documents from a Saudi prince's motorcade, French police say.
When you hear the words 'women in a man's world' you might be forgiven if you think they are just a cliche.
More than 2,000 people in Shetland have been left without phone and broadband services after a radio transmitter failure in Orkney.
A school's school prom has been cancelled because of "unacceptable pressure to be slim, fashionable and have perfect skin".
Mohamed is one of thousands of migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Europe.
Former Leyton Orient manager Gary Porter has returned to the club as a player-coach.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she fell asleep at the State of the Union address.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has resigned, saying he has "left nothing in the tank".
Labour has accused the Conservatives of using "vitriolic abuse" on social media during the general election campaign.
Police have appealed for a taxi driver who may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of an attempted kidnap to come forward.
An ex-offenders' food truck is training to become a chef as part of a new scheme aimed at helping people get off the "straight and narrow".
A convicted rapist who carried out a sex attack on a woman in Dumfries and Galloway is wanted by police in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at their headquarters amid fears of a possible attack on officers.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy over social media before raping and sexually abusing him has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Peake has become the latest member of the International Space Station (ISS).
A councillor has been told she could face a High Court injunction for taking part in "direct action" over the removal of street trees in Sheffield.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have come out in support of team boss Dave Brailsford, saying they would not want him to lose his job.
Snap, the parent company of messaging app Snapchat, has announced plans to sell sunglasses which can record video.
Guinea-Bissau's footballers have finally received their bonuses for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations after going on strike over unpaid wages.
David Cameron has said he "strongly supports" grammar schools being able to expand, as plans to open a satellite grammar school in Kent are considered by the government.
Watford's winless start to the Premier League season continued as Bristol City came from behind to beat the Hornets at Vicarage Road.
Two wings of a Nottinghamshire prison have been destroyed after "unacceptable" disturbances over the last few days.
England batsman Joe Root says he owes much of his success to coach Peter Moores after being named England's player of the year.
Southend United manager Grant McCann says he will not rest on his laurels after his side's 2-0 home defeat by Peterborough United.
A public inquiry is under way into plans to build 400 homes on the site of a former quarry in Kent.
A railway line which was closed after part of it collapsed is expected to reopen in May, Network Rail has said.
The Metropolitan Police paid compensation to an Asian detective who claimed he was racially discriminated against when a stuffed monkey was put on a black colleague's desk.
The incoming president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, has said he wants to kill journalists who "disrespect a person".
A surfer who was killed by a shark while surfing in Western Australia has been named by police.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a lifeboat in Gwynedd.
Botswana has a lot going for it.
A toddler died from a combination of septicaemia, infection, blunt chest trauma and old head injuries, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his team's "mental toughness" after they came from behind to beat St Johnstone and move off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership.
A man has been found guilty of killing his partner after she sent him a text message saying "hopefully you won't go to prison for beating me to a pulp".
Three men who saved a man trapped in a submerged car after a head-on collision said they are "proud" to have helped save his life.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has welcomed the Met's decision to increase the number of armed officers on the capital's streets, saying it is "important to keep Londoners safe".
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a law to change the country's proportional election system.
(Close): US markets closed higher on Wednesday, lifted by gains in banking shares and telecoms, while shares in telecoms rose.
A man who killed a two-year-old boy in a head-on car crash which left four people injured has been jailed for three years.
British Para-athletes Hannah Cox, Sophie Cockroft, Jamie Peacock and Laura Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's team for the World Para Athletics Championships in London in July.
An Afghan man has threatened to kill himself unless his wife is put on trial for allegedly being gang-raped by a gang of men, after going public with his story.
A man who locked himself out of his home after breaking through the roof and threatening to kill himself has been jailed for two months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott scored his highest first-class score of the season to help his side to a big first-innings total against Somerset.
Newport County manager Mike Flynn won his first game in charge as Mickey Demetriou scored the only goal in a 1-0 victory over Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England began their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of her house on Twitter while voting in the Rochester and Strood by-election.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing his record label for not paying royalties on digital downloads of his band's music.
Myanmar is sending a delegation of business leaders to Scotland as part of a drive to boost the country's oil and gas industry.
As thousands of Haitians return to Haiti after being deported from the Dominican Republic, the BBC's Will Grant finds out how the Catholic Church has played a key role in the migration crisis.
A school in Surrey is to be expanded to meet a "unusually high demand" for new places, it has been announced.
Portsmouth have extended the short-term contract of Congo international Emmanuel Linganzi for a second time.
Ulster will be boosted by the return from injury of forwards Craig Henderson and Tommy Bowe for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre at Murrayfield.
A pub in the Brecon Beacons should not be turned into a convenience store, councillors have said.
Airdrieonians twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at home to Dundee United in Scottish League One.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East, after criticism of his immigration policy.
More than 100 scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to rethink plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified crops in Scotland.
A four-year-old girl has been banned from wearing a headscarf to school.
A pensioner has been given a community payback order after being found guilty of fraudulently claiming more than £39,000 in benefits.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a great-grandfather who had recently been given the all-clear from prostate cancer.
The UK's economy grew by 0.4% in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Women's World Cup in Canada has been a huge success for women's football in the United States, and I hope it will be a success for the rest of the world as well.
UKIP Wales leader Neil Hamilton has hit back at Nigel Farage's "ageist" remarks about him, saying he is "utterly committed" to the party's EU cause.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says he was pleased with his side's performance against Manchester United but stressed there are "no 'almosts' in football".
The quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales is being reviewed as part of a new commissioner's review.
David Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C.
Mae Theresa May wedi pleidleisio dros dros yw'r llywodraeth gyda'r Undeb Ewropeaidd yn y misoedd i ddod, meddai Mrs May.
Scientists are to carry out a systematic review of human remains to try to establish if there are any yetis living in the wilds of the Himalayas.
Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho's case against the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) for testing positive for a banned substance is "incomplete", Uefa has said.
Leaders of Britain's scientific body have urged the prime minister to relax the country's ban on genetically modified (GM) crops.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for the deputy chief of staff of the Israeli army to resign over remarks he made about the Holocaust.
The future of Welsh language broadcaster S4C will be decided "shortly", the culture secretary has said, after MPs raised concerns about the timing of a review into its funding.
A railway tunnel at Scotland's busiest station is to close for 140 days as part of a major upgrade project.
Liverpool owner Marwan Al Hasawi has confirmed that two potential new owners are close to taking over the Reds.
The latest GCSE results show some very striking differences between England, Northern Ireland and Wales in the proportion of pupils getting top A* and A grades.
Finance ministers from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have agreed to take urgent action to boost economic growth at their spring meeting.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of Fox News' latest Republican debate for the US presidential nomination.
England centre Ellis Genge has signed a permanent contract with Leicester Tigers from Premiership rivals Bristol.
Up to 200 jobs could be lost when the DVLA changes its car tax payment system, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes believes the introduction of artificial pitches has helped improve the county's batting fortunes.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to Facebook HQ?
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Luke Murphy for an undisclosed fee on a one-year contract after he rejected a new deal at Brunton Park.
Three teenagers have been jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack.
It was a bittersweet night for many people.
Sykes-Picot, the famous map of the Middle East drawn by British and French colonialists in 1916, is under threat.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts hopes to bring his form with him from Manchester City when he leaves Celtic at the end of the season.
Premier League teams spent a record £174m on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, according to Football Association figures.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Watford goalkeeper Paul Gilmartin and ex-Wycombe keeper David Brill.
"Most of the bad stuff on the dark web has nothing to do with Tor," says John Dingledine.
A couple who were found dead in their garage had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease and anxiety, an inquest heard.
When Gordon Strachan was asked about Scotland's 5-2 World Cup qualifying defeat by Malta on Sunday night, he didn't mince his words.
Bury moved off the bottom of League One with a hard-fought victory over Coventry City at Shrimpers.
At least 46 Vietnamese refugees have been returned to Vietnam after a boat carrying them was scuttled off the Australian coast.
Honda's Marc Marquez clinched his first MotoGP world title with victory in the Spanish Grand Prix at Misano.
World champion Helen Glover says she hopes to return to form with coxless pair partner Polly Swann at the World Championships in Amsterdam in August.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of putting "human rights we hold dear" and "our future as an open-minded, outward-looking country" in the balance.
China's industrial output rose at a faster-than-expected rate in April, suggesting that growth in the world's second largest economy is picking up.
Microsoft's latest product, the Kinect, has become one of the world's best-selling games consoles - but what does it have to do with science?
Welsh voters went to the polls on 8 June to choose MPs to represent their constituencies at Westminster.
Hartlepool United have agreed to sign Reading midfielder Kudus Shibola and Mansfield Town forward Jordan Bingham on loan for the rest of the season.
Voting is under way in the General Election in Lancashire, with voters going to the polls to choose MPs.
A huge billboard asking people to pray for a terminally ill teenager has appeared in County Down.
About 40,000 people are taking part in this year's Pride London, organisers have said.
Up to 230 jobs could be lost at a helicopter manufacturing site in Somerset after Leonardo said it plans to move production out of the town.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping a woman in east Belfast and driving away with her in the back of his car.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed the uninhabited island of Rockall in the North Atlantic as a British territory.
The former drummer with The Beatles has been recognised for his "outstanding contributions to the cultural life of Liverpool".
National League side Alfreton Town have extended the loan deal of defender Joe Mooney from National League rivals York City until January.
Ministers have set out their vision for the future of the UK's energy mix, with a clear emphasis on bioenergy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has again questioned the government's ability to balance the books after the general election.
Sophie Raworth and Michelle Ackerley have been named as the new presenters of BBC One's Watchdog.
The head of Fifa's election body has been threatened with legal action by the Liberian Football Association (LFA) after failing to withdraw from the 26 February vote.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a teenage girl who was found naked on her parents' bed.
Licence fee spending boosted the UK economy by £8.3bn in the two years to June 2015, the BBC has said.
World number two Ding Junhui produced a stunning display to beat world number one Mark Williams 10-2 and set up a World Championship semi-final against Mark Selby.
The US says it is lifting restrictions on its security assistance to Bahrain, but the move has been criticised by rights groups.
A ticket for The Beatles' first ever UK show has been sold at auction for £4,000.
MPs are calling for the government to review the way it supports young people who leave care in England and Wales.
Rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" should be "actively avoided", teachers' leaders have said.
A body has been found by police searching for a missing Aberdeenshire man.
David Oyelowo has called Benedict Cumberbatch "disingenuous" for attacking him over his use of the word "coloured".
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities in England and Wales are being unlawfully deprived of their liberty, the Law Commission has warned.
Margaret Thatcher's time as prime minister has been remembered for a number of policies that shaped our lives, both good and bad.
A major oil discovery has been made in the Central North Sea by BP and GDF Suez, it has been announced.
Red Bull say they are no longer interested in engine supply from Mercedes.
More than 2,000 passengers stranded on a cruise ship that caught fire in the Gulf of Mexico have finally been allowed to return to the US.
London Irish reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a bonus-point win over Harlequins at The Stoop.
Guernsey's Environment Department has launched a public consultation on whether further areas of the island should be developed for housing.
A screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in Kingussie later.
Somerset captain Marcus Trescothick hit his second first-class century of the season to help his side fight back against Middlesex.
A government-commissioned review into the so-called "Trojan Horse" "Islamisation" of Birmingham schools found evidence of a "co-ordinated agenda to impose a hardline and politicised strain of Sunni Islam", a leaked report says.
Venezuela's National Assembly has been plunged into darkness after a power cut interrupted a debate on energy policy.
A mother in northern Vietnam was admitted to hospital for a routine check-up for her son, who needed surgery, only to be sent home before the treatment was complete because she had not thanked the doctors and nurses for referring him for treatment.
Argentina says it will seek the extradition of five oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands.
England rugby stars Billy and Mako Vunipola were "big lads" who caused "a lot of problems" when they were younger, their former club's chairman has said.
The world's oldest human being has died aged 112.
Scarlets fly-half Ken Owens believes Racing 92 are the best team in Europe after his team were thrashed by Scarlets on Saturday.
Widnes moved off the bottom of Super League with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
A boxer who was barred from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past says she will never box again because of the "regrettable" way she was treated.
Maria Sharapova is back in action at the Wuhan Open in Stuttgart.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Kei Nishikori in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston says he would welcome the chance to add another striker to his squad.
French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have called on the European Union to be "simple, clear and effective" after voters rejected the EU in national polls.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over his pledge to cut immigration.
The renewal of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system should be a "top priority" if Theresa May wins the election, she has said.
The government has announced a quarter of a billion pounds of funding to help councils in England introduce weekly bin collections.
Archaeologists from Swansea University and the University of Exeter say they have uncovered evidence of a "prehistoric supermarket" of useful plant species in the Amazon rainforest.
Kieran Walsh kicked Catalans Dragons to a hard-fought Super League win over Hull FC at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Actor Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of original songs, called Don Quixote: Live and Let Die.
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after relegation from the Premier League.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to go through what he did to save the club from relegation from the Premier League again.
Cleveland's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has been re-elected by a majority of more than 40,000 votes.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a historic Edinburgh pub where she is believed to have enjoyed a fillet of seabass.
A farmer from Liverpool, Stephen Copoc travelled to Hillsborough with his brother and sister, Peter and Angela Copoc, who all survived.
A US marine has been found guilty of murdering a transgender woman in the Philippines, after a court martial.
Ian Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing in tennis should be banned from the sport.
The Pentagon says it is considering whether to transfer US Army whistleblower Pte Bradley Manning from military prison to a civilian jail to treat her for gender dysphoria.
David Cameron is expected to reject criticism from former work and pensions secretary Iain Duncan Smith over cuts to disability benefits in the Budget later.
British number one Heather Watson was knocked out of the Wuhan Open in the first round by American Lindsay Davenport.
How do you keep in touch with your loved ones when you can no longer speak the language?
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen was fastest in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean.
The Walt Disney Company is one of the world's biggest entertainment companies.
The number of students who have been placed on to university courses in England and Wales through the so-called "clearing" system has reached a record high.
The world's grasslands will have to double in size by the middle of the century to cope with growing demand for phosphorus.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he is considering curbing the right of non-residents to buy Canadian homes if necessary.
A three-year-old boy who underwent a liver transplant after his father donated part of his liver has made a "satisfactory" recovery, his grandmother has said.
A woman has been given a suspended prison sentence after selling raffle tickets to raise money for a charity set up in memory of a Cumbrian teenager who died from cancer.
A former Greater Manchester police officer has been jailed for six years for grooming a schoolgirl for sex.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union over a long-running dispute over conductors.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth, prompting a safety warning from police.
Sheffield Panthers moved level on points with Elite League leaders Manchester Devils thanks to a 4-1 victory over Manchester Devils in the Challenge Cup semi-final at the SSE Arena.
Helen Williams, who was asked to resign as Miss America in 1984, has been invited back to the competition and received an emotional apology from the head of the Miss America Organization.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been put up for sale.
Ofgem has asked the company behind the planned Western Isles interconnector to provide further details of its business case for the project.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson, who was kidnapped in Mali in 2013, has been freed, officials say.
Wigan Athletic moved off the bottom of the League One table as goals from Will Grigg, Nick Powell and Shane Duffy saw off Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes should be treated in hospital rather than in the intensive care unit, experts have said.
Nottingham Forest came back from a goal down to earn a point against Preston North End at the City Ground.
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has been urged by the father of a man shot dead during an anti-government protest in the capital, Caracas.
An Irish-American historian has appealed against a court order to hand over recordings of an oral history project known as the 'Boston tapes' to Boston College researchers.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop while its owner was serving customers at the till.
A case of avian flu has been found at a turkey farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has confirmed.
The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop people being forced to return to Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants.
The family of a girl who drowned while on a school trip to a swimming pool have won compensation after winning a High Court case against a council.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he is looking forward to finally being called up to represent the Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections after a two-week delay due to a wave of anti-government protests, officials say.
Millions of savers across the UK are facing a bleak future as low interest rates continue to bite into their nest eggs.
The Forth Bridge has been named as a Unesco World Heritage Site by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has confirmed that Gordon Strachan will remain as Scotland manager.
Plans to plant jatropha trees to capture carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and use it as a biofuel have been backed by scientists.
Scotland's political leaders have clashed over how to vote in the general election as campaigning continued across the country.
Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify military documents relating to the assassination of former President Blaise Compaore, his lawyer says.
At least 40 people have been killed when a bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa, officials say.
Edinburgh has more traffic "pinch points" than any other city in the UK, according to research.
A pensioner secretly filmed women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre while wearing distinctive trainers and khaki shorts, a court has heard.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into whether there is a prisoner-in-residence case.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he will impose the "hardest punishment" he can legally on St Johnstone team-mates Scott Foster and Danny Swanson after the pair were sent off in the 1-0 Premiership defeat by Hamilton.
British singer Sam Smith has been nominated for six Grammy Awards including best new artist and record of the year.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of the holy month of Ramadan.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired.
A transgender woman who killed herself after telling her partner she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the financial year, according to new figures.
Six children were taken to hospital after a school trip to Hills Farm ended in a head-on collision involving a tractor trailer.
Andy Murray will take a huge step towards winning his first Davis Cup title when he takes on Belgium in the decisive third set of the final on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his heavyweight title fight against Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April will be the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has condemned the "cruel and senseless" killing of Christians, as he led a Good Friday service in Rome.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ruled that the name of the man suspected of carrying out a mass shooting at a cinema will not be used in court.
Bolivia's government has declared a state of emergency after a large swarm of locusts descended on the country's eastern province of Santa Cruz.
Former Wales rugby union captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying campaign came to a disappointing end with a 1-0 defeat by England at Hampden.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the changing conditions of Antarctic sea ice, scientists say.
Two polar bears have been allowed to live together for the first time in captivity in the UK.
David McGuinness has been named as the new team-mate for the Kawasaki Kawasaki Racing team for this year's Isle of Man TT.
South African Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to five years in jail for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Belfast Harbour authorities are continuing to monitor a whale that washed up in Belfast Lough on Friday.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the arrest of an unarmed black woman who later took her own life.
Shrewsbury missed the chance to move into the second round of the FA Cup as they were held to a goalless draw at home by Fleetwood.
Harry Styles' "I love you too" tweet has become the most retweeted in history.
A court in Chile has found a German man guilty of running a Nazi-inspired commune in the south of the country where children were kept as slaves.
Welsh MPs have been giving their first Commons speeches since the general election.
If you ever wondered what it would be like to be a prizefighter in a circus, you might have come to the right place.
A village pub has been named the UK's best community pub after residents saved it from closure.
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the eastern state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) has detected the decay of particles known as superparticles for the first time.
Gloucester City manager Gary Hughes fears fans will abandon the club if they do not return to Gloucester City's Whaddon Road ground next season.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the Edinburgh Marathon.
A teenager who thought he was going to die when he was kidnapped, held at knifepoint and raped by a man and woman has said he will never forget the "terrifying" experience.
A US airman has been killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the US military has confirmed.
Zac Efron, Keira Knightley and Kevin Hart were among the stars who took part in the Hollywood Film Awards on Sunday night.
Torquay United striker Joe Spencer will be out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Chelsea forward Radamel Falcao has been left out of manager Antonio Conte's Champions League squad for Tuesday's match against Manchester City at Stamford Bridge.
An endangered bottlenose dolphin has died after being mistreated by tourists off the coast of Spain.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men who broke into a house in Kilmarnock, County Antrim.
A County Armagh doctor is taking part in a challenge to climb a mountain every day for a month in a bid to improve the health of his patients.
India's first Miss Wheelchair India contest has been held in Mumbai, India, and its organisers hope it will change the way people with disabilities are represented in the entertainment industry.
More than 1,000 properties across Northern Ireland were left without power on Saturday night after an electrical fault.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street.
The majority of Edinburgh City Council's preferred route for a new cycle path has been rejected by residents and shop owners.
The number of midwife training places in Wales needs to be sustained "without delay" to avoid further cuts, midwives have warned.
The former head of MI5 has told the Iraq Inquiry that the 2003 invasion of Iraq "thrived the extremist view that the West was trying to bring down Islam".
Favourites Many Clouds, The Last Samuri and Silviniaco Conti will attempt to become the first horse to win back-to-back runnings of the Grand National when the race gets under way on Friday.
Northern Ireland's head teacher has accused the head of the Education Authority of spreading "fake news" about ongoing industrial action by teachers.
Zookeepers at Chester Zoo in the UK are carrying out a census of all the animals at the moment.
More than 400 people have been arrested for drinking alcohol at UK airports in the past year, figures obtained by BBC Panorama show.
Police in Germany are hunting for a man suspected of murdering a teenage boy whose body was found in the cellar of a house after it was found on the dark web.
The Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has said she wants a second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union if the Conservatives win the general election.
A Lincolnshire hospital trust has been rated "outstanding" by a health watchdog after being rated "inadequate" in a previous inspection.
Two Bangladeshi gay activists have been hacked to death with machetes by suspected Islamist militants.
Chaser Rule the World, who won the Grand National, has been retired.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are due to be sent to Liberia's capital, Monrovia, as part of a clinical trial.
Police have made fresh searches of Inverness harbour and the Beauly Firth in a fresh appeal to trace a missing man.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, known for his roles in Coronation Street and The Royle Family, has died aged 69.
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland has more than trebled since the 1970s, according to new figures.
A search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam since November is due to begin on Tuesday.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen to its highest level for three and a half years, according to the latest figures from the RAC.
Oxford University has written to students saying it is "concerned" about the behaviour of some students who live in private homes.
The centenary of American playwright Tennessee Williams' birth is being marked with a series of events in London and the US.
A hospital in Merseyside has banned visitors from its wards after it was hit by a norovirus outbreak.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two men were doused with acid.
More than 1,000 jobs are at risk after the liquidation of cross-Channel ferry firm SeaFrance, an international court has ruled.
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Amman, against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield, who is serving a whole-life term for murdering Milly Dowler, has denied confessing to police that he killed the 14-year-old.
Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Derek McInnes deserves "huge credit" for the work he has done at Pittodrie this season, according to former Aberdeen defender Danny Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a new contract, but will leave it to his agent to reveal more.
Uzbekistan's long-time President Islam Karimov has died, aged 90.
Led Zeppelin have released a previously unreleased BBC session recording of Stairway to Heaven, recorded in 1971.
Wales in the 13th Century was a country dominated by the English, with English speakers increasingly pushed to the higher ground and Welsh speakers pushed down to the lowlands.
A prison officer has been stabbed in the head at a prison in County Antrim.
The number of people returning gifts on Boxing Day is expected to be the highest on record, according to the postal service.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has told the Northern Ireland Assembly that people in Northern Ireland need to change the way services are delivered.
A schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium in which a coach driver was killed is "emotionally not quite right", her father has said.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory at home to Motherwell after a controversial "ghost goal" was ruled out.
Former Dundee United defender Andy Daly says he would consider a return to Rangers if the Ibrox club want him.
Derby County eased to a comfortable victory over Ipswich Town at Portman Road to ease the pressure on Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy.
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time since November.
A man who drove a Ferrari F50 sports car around Beijing while under the influence of alcohol has been detained by police, Chinese state media report.
Councils in England are failing to replace homes sold under the government's Right to Buy scheme, housing charity Shelter has warned.
Russia's lower house of parliament is set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of mainstream media.
Two fire stations in the West Midlands could be demolished under plans being considered by fire chiefs to save money.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a car with two children in the back.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on loan.
The European Commission President, Jean-Claude Juncker, has proposed compulsory quotas for EU countries to take in extra asylum seekers.
David Cardoza and his father have been named as directors of several firms with business links to the collapse of a football club's Sixfields development.
A row between the leader of Russia's Chechnya region and one of the country's most prominent opposition leaders has gone viral on social media.
Haiti's former police chief, Guy Philippe, has appeared in court in the US on drug trafficking and money laundering charges.
Nurses are being offered free accommodation when they start work at a hospital as part of a drive to recruit more nurses.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a building in the Indian city of Mumbai that killed 36 people, police say.
France footballer Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged blackmail plot involving a video of a national team-mate.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jordan Chow from Championship side Wigan Athletic on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive officer.
Lancashire moved above Hampshire into second place in Division One of the County Championship as they beat Hampshire by an innings and 10 wickets at Headingley.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in outdoor swims over the Christmas period, organisers have said.
Three Chinese weightlifters have been banned from international competition for a year after testing positive for doping.
The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen over the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to pursue "special discussions" with other EU member states during Brexit talks, EU leaders have said.
Greek shares have fallen sharply after talks between Athens and its international creditors broke up without a deal being reached.
German airline Lufthansa has appealed against a court ruling that ruled against a strike by some of its pilots on Tuesday.
Glastonbury Festival has pleaded guilty to breaching the Environment Act after sewage leaked into a river.
The UK is planning the largest fiscal consolidation of any advanced economy over the next four years, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege.
Liam Moriarty says life with the British and Irish Lions has been a "step up" for him.
Labour's Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of England's 14-19 education system, saying it is no longer delivering the skills needed for the labour market.
More than 1,000 jobs could be lost at Caterpillar's operations in Northern Ireland, BBC News NI understands.
The government should set a new target for "genuinely world-beating broadband" in the UK, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A body thought to be a man has been found in a river - only to be revealed as a life-size bronze sculpture.
A man who thought he was meeting a teenage girl for sex has been jailed for 12 months.
Solihull maintained their National League play-off push with a hard-fought victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has called on world leaders to do more to help refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria, saying the world is facing a "crisis of epic proportion".
Former Liberal Democrat leader Nick Laws has said it is unlikely he will be standing for election again, but hopes to have a full-time job lined up by the end of the summer.
Human remains have been discovered during work to restore the Corn Exchange in Brighton to its former use.
Mae gwasanaethau tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle.
A flood prevention grant for homes and businesses affected by flooding in York has been described as "incredibly complicated" by an MP.
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help others.
Dissident Cuban activists have been detained in the capital, Havana, after staging a protest against the Catholic Church's stance on human rights.
Scotland's new car sales rose slightly in March, according to the latest figures from the Scottish Motor Trade Association.
Police have warned the public not to fall victim to scammers who have been impersonating police officers in Edinburgh city centre.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen its controversial CETA trade deal with Canada, despite protests against the deal.
A chocolate artist has recreated some of the world's most famous galleons in chocolate to mark the Battle of Trafalgar.
An elderly man has survived a cardiac arrest after paramedics had to shock him 17 times with a defibrillator.
Belfast rower Eilidh Doyle has won a bronze medal for Great Britain in the women's single sculls at the European Championships in Rotterdam.
Children's charity Kids Company was not told about allegations of sexual abuse at one of its sites, the BBC has learned.
An overweight dog has become so popular with shoppers at a supermarket he now has his own dedicated Facebook page.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a hard-fought victory over Shrimpers thanks to Joe Evans' stunning strike.
South Africa's new mayor of the city of Tshwane has said he will not allow public money to be spent on luxury cars‚ while his people struggle for jobs.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have promised to honour the terms of its workers' pension scheme, the Unite union has said.
A man has blown himself up in a wheelchair at Beijing International Airport after apparently setting off a homemade explosive device.
One person has been taken to hospital after a fuel tanker overturned on the M4 near Newport, closing both carriageways.
He is one of Belgium's most famous footballers but Jean-Marc Bosman is still trying to find work after a life after football that almost ruined him.
Dumfries and Galloway Council and the Scottish government are to update councillors on progress on plans for a new emergency centre in the town.
Legoland has promised to work with a council to improve traffic management after complaints about long queues at its car park.
A care home has been told to improve the safety and well-being of its elderly residents or risk having its registration cancelled.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed he is gay.
An 11-year-old girl has written an emotional letter to burglars who ransacked her and her family's home, telling them to "thank you for scaring me so much".
A second teenager has been arrested after a suspected machete attack on shoppers at a London shopping centre on Saturday.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising.
Chelsea have signed former Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas.
A 20-year-old New Zealander is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a 14th-floor balcony in Auckland, New Zealand.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Tom Minichiello says he hopes the Olympic gold medallist will decide whether she wants to carry on with her athletics career.
Will Miller scored a stoppage-time equaliser to rescue a point for Burton Albion against Wolves at Molineux in League One.
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun by a gang of men during a burglary at her home in Salford.
Borders Council has said it is "encouraging" to see an increase in the number of people visiting town centres in the region.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is one of the world's last remaining absolute monarchies.
Motherwell striker Aileen Grant believes new Scotland head coach Shelley Kerr can take the national team "even further" in the future.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time since December 2008.
Plans to close a Flintshire community hospital have been discussed at a public meeting.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly scored the only goal of the game as Crawley Town beat Blackpool 1-0 at the Globe Arena.
Assembly members have voted to give consent to the Wales Bill despite opposition from Plaid Cymru and UKIP.
Some of the people who have been involved in the "Facebook revolution" in Egypt have been speaking to the BBC about their experiences.
A by-election has been held in Ayr after the SNP failed to win a seat in the Scottish Parliament.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of a group of earthquake experts.
A diet supplement that boosts the immune system may offer a "new way to treat Staph infections that can be deadly", scientists say.
Police failed to properly investigate the extent of the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care in Northern Ireland, a report has found.
"Zombie apocalypse, train to Busan!"
Congo-Brazzaville singer Joseph Olomide has been taken into custody by police in the capital, Kinshasa, after he was accused of assaulting one of his dancers.
Three convicted rapists who absconded from a prison in Gloucestershire are being sought by police.
Brendan Rodgers has been named as the new manager of Celtic.
US rapper Kanye West has revealed he wants to make furniture for Swedish retail giant Ikea.
Flights at Edinburgh Airport were delayed after a computer problem left passengers unable to check in at the check-in desks.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after suspected herbal tablets were found in the back of a car in County Down.
The Burmese government is to set up a commission to investigate the cause of sectarian violence that led to the declaration of a state of emergency in Myanmar's western state of Rakhine in June.
Members of the mafia are more likely to be better educated than those who commit violent crimes such as robberies and murders, research suggests.
Wigan Warriors have signed New Zealand Warriors full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side St George Illawarra Dragons.
Airbus chief executive Fabrice Bregier has said it is "vital for a company such as Airbus to come out and make a stand in favour of Britain remaining in the European Union".
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of a new Earth-like planet, thought to be five times larger than our own.
Tributes have been paid to a 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Lukasz Boruc has retired from international football.
Two new buildings which will be full of plants will be built in China to help clean up the air.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a place in the 10m platform diving final after failing to reach the Olympic final in Rio.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late winner as holders Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the third successive season with a 1-0 victory at Emirates Stadium.
Finance Minister Simon Hamilton is to brief his cabinet colleagues later on a report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked with a series of offensive messages.
A student from Sierra Leone has told Newsbeat he's "devastated" after being turned down for accommodation in the UK because of Ebola fears.
The BBC has announced it is to extend the duration of its 10 o'clock News bulletin from Monday to Thursday in the new year.
Rugby union is heading towards a "hire-and-fire" approach to head coaches, according to the Rugby Coaches Association (RCA).
Former Leicester City defender Martin Keown says it is "out of order" for Craig Shakespeare to replace Claudio Ranieri as the Foxes' assistant manager.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have accused an NHS trust of "a load of psycho babble and twaddle".
Japanese electronics giant Sony has announced plans to resume vinyl production in the country.
A polar bear at a Scottish wildlife park has been taken off show after it was discovered she may be pregnant.
People should go outside in the sun several times a week to boost their vitamin D levels and reduce the risk of skin cancer, leading medical experts say.
The government has announced a "comprehensive" counter-extremism strategy aimed at tackling non-violent extremism in the UK.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre to be set up in Wales to treat a rare form of muscular dystrophy.
Work to repair a damaged flood-hit bridge damaged during Storm Desmond flooding will begin in July, councillors have agreed.
Scottish light-welterweight champion Robert Burns retained his WBO title with a points decision over Mexican Rey Beltran at Glasgow's SSE Arena.
Hundreds of thousands of people have marched in the South African city of Durban to condemn recent xenophobic attacks against foreigners.
A man has died after falling twice from a second floor of a flat.
MPs are to launch an inquiry into the government's planned relaxation of so-called "purdah" rules on EU policy announcements in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A Gloucestershire pensioner has become the first person to cash in his pension - despite warnings about potential tax bills.
An Iron Age "crannog" has been discovered in Monmouthshire, dating back thousands of years to the Stone Age.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a tractor overturned on the A40 in Monmouthshire.
More than 1,000 NHS staff in the UK are being paid six-figure salaries, figures obtained by the Daily Mail and the BBC show.
It's the centenary of the start of one of the biggest battles of World War One - the Battle of the Somme.
The European Commission president has defended the UK's draft migration deal with the EU, saying it is "fair to the UK and fair to the other 27 EU states".
A teacher has been given a two-year suspended sentence after being found guilty of sexually assaulting a 12-year-old pupil.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the neck in a car park of a supermarket.
Republican presidential hopefuls have clashed over immigration, taxes and the media in the first debate of the 2016 contest in Colorado.
A man whose body was found in a car in Greater Manchester has been named by police.
Ukraine's president has called for a "firm reaction from the world to Russia's "brutal violation of the Minsk agreements" after pro-Russian rebels seized the strategic town of Debaltseve from government forces.
Rock band Uptown Funk have returned to the top of the UK album chart with their new album, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become manager of League One side Bury until the end of the season.
Three more Turkish soldiers have been dismissed from the armed forces following the failed military coup, the military's chief of staff has said.
Councils across England are carrying out urgent safety checks of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, creator of the SuperTed comic strip, has produced a feature-length animation about a polar bear called Norm of the North.
At least 20 Egyptian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia, the country's state news agency Mena has said.
Northamptonshire pensioner John Barnes, who was knocked unconscious by a drug addict in a "brutal" street attack, has said he is no longer afraid to leave his home.
World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the US Open at Erin Hills with a back injury after a fall at his home in California.
Exeter City moved into the League Two play-off places with a hard-fought victory over Cambridge at St James' Park.
Rolls-Royce's "whole presence" in Derby could be put at risk if it moves research and development overseas, the head of the Unite union has warned.
The Bangladesh-Australia Test series has been postponed because of security concerns, Bangladesh cricket chief Mushahidullah Khan has said.
Birds have the ability to completely block the growth of a deadly fungus that infects people with HIV, scientists have discovered.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning.
Scientists have reconstructed the complete nervous system of an extinct species of arthropod from a fossilised fossil.
A woman has appeared in court accused of covering up the death of her newborn baby.
Campaigners are calling for a 20mph speed limit to be introduced on a Shrewsbury road near Stonehenge in a bid to ease "nightmare" traffic.
A Sikh couple from Bradford have become the UK's longest married husband and wife after celebrating their 86th wedding anniversary.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder David Caddis over his future at the club.
Australia pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he hopes his Ashes "scars" will show when he takes wickets in the second Test against England on Thursday.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France in Pinerolo to take the leader's yellow jersey.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been targeted in a suspected arson attack.
At least two people have been killed after a so-called "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on some of the key issues that will decide the next general election, a leading Labour MP has said.
Suffolk's fire service could cut the number of full-time crewed stations in the county as part of a £1.3m cost-saving plan.
The head of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has said he is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to make their mobile devices encrypted.
Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, has called for the introduction of a ban on the sale of drones in the US, saying they could "democratise" warfare.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best in Europe for reading, maths and science, according to a new study.
Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy's hopes of a first major came to an end with a disappointing third round at Augusta.
The UK is considering military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, after Prime Minister David Cameron said he believed he had the "legal authority" under international law to take action.
Two nurses who admitted neglect after a pensioner fell from a Birmingham nursing home bed and later died have been given a community order.
The number of babies born addicted to drugs in England is falling, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Ant & Dec have apologised to customers who bought a new Saturday Night Takeaway card game which gives incorrect answers to some of the show's questions.
Germany and the Netherlands will play in a Euro 2016 warm-up match in Berlin on Saturday after security was stepped up in the city following the Paris attacks.
Reindeer are among the mammals most sensitive to the harmful ultraviolet light emitted by overhead power lines, scientists have discovered.
Chinese cinema chain Imax has applied to list its shares in Hong Kong.
Four teenagers who died in a head-on car crash in Powys had recently passed their driving test, an inquest has heard.
A Lamborghini has been impounded after a learner driver was pulled over for driving without insurance in south-east London.
The Cincinnati Reds' Scooter Gennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game.
The Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Andy Murray marked his return from injury with a straight-set victory as Great Britain began their Davis Cup World Group defence with a 2-0 victory over Japan.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has praised the progress being made in Somalia during a visit to the capital, Mogadishu, saying the country is "turning around".
Former England and Manchester United footballer Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca Ellison has died after a short battle with cancer.
A major air and sea search is under way for a missing teenager from Exeter who was last seen at a beach in Devon.
A man accused of murdering a great-grandfather had a diagnosis of Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Graham Westley has resigned as Peterborough United manager after Saturday's 2-0 League One defeat by Scunthorpe.
Licences for a new local TV service in England and Wales have been announced by the UK's communications regulator, Ofcom.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after his jet was involved in a mid-air collision.
India's education authorities are being urged to take action against a school textbook which claims meat is not an essential food and blames Eskimos for being lazy, lazy and dishonest.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died when he was hit by a car at a petrol station in Gloucestershire.
"It's an interesting job, no two days are the same, you get to meet thousands of interesting visitors and everybody's here to have a good day out."
Athletes in Russia went to "extraordinary lengths" to cheat drug tests, including hiding urine in a container, according to an anti-doping report.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has defended his government's decision to call for a referendum on whether to stay in the European Union.
A judge in Brazil has charged President Dilma Rousseff's former campaign manager with corruption.
The international police agency Interpol is seeking the public's help to trace nine suspected environmental criminals.
Markets in Asia were mostly lower on Wednesday after a closely watched survey of China's factory activity indicated that growth in the sector slowed in September.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to "speak with one voice" against SNP cuts to local councils.
Three people have been rescued from the Firth of Forth after getting stuck in high winds in the Cairngorms.
US regulators have cleared the way for China's ChemChina to complete its planned takeover of agriculture giant Syngenta.
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a knife attack in central Stockholm on Monday, in which a police officer was stabbed and another was stabbed in the neck.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolverhampton Wanderers to move into the top half of the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Newport County defender Paul Pidgeley on a short-term deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to become "relevant once again", UKIP donor Arron Banks has warned.
Celtic were the only Scottish Premiership club to make significant summer signings in the summer transfer market.
Venezuela is one of the world's most prosperous countries, but shortages of basic food and hygiene products have become the biggest concern for many of its citizens.
A man has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Jordan Davis on a permanent deal.
British pole vaulter David Grabarz produced a stunning jump to win the 60m title at the World Indoor Para-athletics Championships in Belgrade.
Tom Rogic scored a late winner as Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history at Hampden.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Northern Ireland Under-21 defender Liam Kettings on a short-term deal.
Five men accused of carrying out the 11 September attacks on the US territory of Guantanamo Bay have appeared before a military court for the first time since the attacks.
Pop star Beyonce has been nominated for a record-breaking nine Grammy Awards.
The prime minister has promised to pay for a new football stadium to be built in Cornwall if he wins the general election.
Wayne Rooney is in talks with Manchester United about a new contract as he considers a move to Chelsea.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Adam McShane on loan for the rest of the season.
A rare World War Two Spitfire that was flown by author Alec Lumsden has failed to sell at auction.
Up to 1,700 new jobs are to be created in Scotland as two energy engineering giants announce plans to expand their offshore wind turbine business.
Two hens have hatched chicks from the belly of a live boar at a Northamptonshire museum.
The government's immigration cap could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter, MPs have warned.
The AA has reported a rise in the number of car insurance customers it has signed up, as it prepares for an increase in the cost of its premiums.
Footballers have plenty of time on their hands when they are not on the pitch, but how do they spend their spare time?
Easter Sunday will be fixed in the UK, the Anglican archbishop of Canterbury has said, after talks with the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in air strikes on the so-called Islamic State (IS) stronghold of Raqqa in northern Syria, activists say.
It used to be called the "Land Rover Capital of the World" because of its distinctive Range Rover and Range Rover Defender models.
Shrewsbury Town have signed defender Luke Caton from Stevenage for an undisclosed fee on a permanent deal.
A US appeals court has overturned President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban on people from six mainly Muslim countries.
Campaigners have welcomed a council's decision not to scrap plans to change the way library staff are employed.
Lee Chung-yong's late equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a point against Burnley at Hillsborough.
Bakery chain Greggs has reported a rise in sales for the three months to the end of September.
Great Britain's John Jung won Olympic gold in the dressage with Sam Fischertakinou, who replaced the injured Russian at Rio 2016.
Local communities in England and Wales are to be given the chance to buy shares in renewable energy businesses under a new government plan.
A man has been charged in connection with the shooting of three cats in Surrey.
A parish council has criticised the Duke of York's Duchy of Cornwall for failing to repair a beach where a man drowned.
When you look at foetuses, it's easy to see how cute and cuddly they are.
The Bank of England has voted unanimously to keep interest rates on hold at 0.5%.
China has reacted angrily to an international tribunal's decision to uphold the Philippines' claim to most of the South China Sea.
Asian shares headed lower on Tuesday after disappointing economic data from the US raised fears about the health of the world's largest economy.
David Warner's unbeaten century helped Australia to a draw with the West Indies in the second Test after rain meant no play was possible on the final day.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf after two rivers burst their banks, German police say.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed in a "domestic-related crime" in Caernarfon.
Two teenage boys have been arrested after a large group of people gathered for a Halloween rave in south-east London.
Nigeria's national cricket team has been promoted to division five of the World Cricket League for the first time in the game's history, but how does the country's grassroots cricket feel about its progress?
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than expected, according to the Bank of England's chief economist.
Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn has reported a sharp rise in profits, helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads.
The story of St Winefride, a 7th Century Welsh saint whose head was beheaded after she rejected a prince's advances, has become one of the most famous in British history.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has arrived in Brazil for this weekend's race at Interlagos.
A man accused of raping a student who later took her own life has been cleared of all charges.
Up to 1,200 jobs are to be lost at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil after it announced plans to decommission the site.
A 1,400-year-old mystery about the location of King Arthur's round table has been solved.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says striker Jamie Vardy will return to goalscoring form "sooner or later".
Is the Conservative Party heading towards a collision with the iceberg of Euroscepticism?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising tax cuts for the wealthy while at the same time promising more cuts to public spending.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to intervene in a disturbance involving a group of teenagers.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time in their history and complete a World Cup double.
New UKIP leader Paul Nuttall has said he would give up his roles as an AM and an MEP if asked by the party's new leader Nathan Gill.
The makers of Benefits Street have been criticised for not being transparent with residents about what they were being filmed for the show.
The Prison Officers Association (POA) has agreed a deal with the government over a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A man has appealed for the owner of a photograph taken of his wife at a Lincolnshire country park to come forward after she died three months later.
Ivory Coast has banned the sale of so-called whitening creams, citing health concerns.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over the government's Brexit plans, with both sides accusing each other of "grandstanding".
More than 1,300 so-called Islamic State militants are thought to have been killed by UK air strikes against the group in Iraq since 2 December 2015, the government has said.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into Norwich International Airport's website to see if he could access the passenger information page.
Skelmersdale railway station could be built on the site of a former sports college and college in Lancashire.
A man has been jailed for murdering a man who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer, wrapped in tarpaulin and buried in a back garden outhouse.
Ukrainian doctors have told the BBC how a cyber-attack that hit the country's hospitals, banks and government agencies in June was so devastating they had to turn off their body scanners.
Wasps moved level on points with Premiership leaders Wasps with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at the Ricoh Arena.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a double-decker bus and a car crashed in East Lothian.
British businessman Shrien Dewani has returned to the UK after being cleared of murdering his wife Anni Dewani in South Africa.
Up to half of a planned Â£50m investment at a fracking site in Lancashire will go to the county, energy firm Cuadrilla has said.
Mexico's Attorney General Humberto Benitez Trevino has been sacked by President Enrique Pena Nieto after a row over his daughter's attempts to shut down a restaurant.
Two missing Spitfire fighter planes from World War Two could be found in Burma, the UK government has said, after Burma said it was "very enthusiastic" about the prospect of restoring them.
Two people have been rescued by helicopter after getting stuck on a Snowdonia peak.
Thousands of asylum seekers who have been detained while awaiting hearings will have to be released from detention after the government suspended its controversial fast-track system.
David Cameron's pledge to give the nations of the United Kingdom greater fiscal self-determination may sound exciting and empowering, but it may also be dangerous - if at least part of the current glue that holds the UK together is a redistribution of resources from England to the rest of the UK.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager who was stabbed to death in 2010 has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a missing man from Essex have been released on bail.
Fife-based office refurbishment firm Havelock Europa has announced plans to expand its business into China and Australia.
When two Scottish brothers went to Tesco to tell them they had won a competition to supply their supermarket with their craft beer, they didn't expect to be given a £150,000 loan.
The pound has fallen against major currencies on fears that a UK vote to leave the European Union could be too close to call.
A former TV producer who was jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner has launched an appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British man who died fighting against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to his family in an emotional funeral.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of US phone records violates the US constitution.
West Bromwich Albion defender Andreas Lindegaard has signed for Championship side Birmingham City on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
A video has emerged showing a Rottweiler kept in a cage without human contact for two years before he was put down.
Labour will "betray its people" if it fails to win the general election, shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has warned.
The widow of a Conwy county pensioner who died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling off the coast of Malta, an inquest has heard.
Iraqi prosecutors have sentenced 36 men to death for their part in the mass killing of Iraqi soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Tikrit in May 2014.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online sports retailer Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic after the second round was halted because of bad weather.
Colchester earned their first League One win of the season with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over Bradford City thanks to a late goal from Joe Ambrose.
Archaeologists have been keeping Neolithic houses from 4,500 years ago at Stonehenge as part of a project to reconstruct what they would have looked like.
Hundreds of people have marched across the US to demand President Donald Trump release his tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexico's Saul 'Canelo' Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December, the organisation has confirmed.
Darganfod yng Nghymru'r lluniau wedi ei gyd!
Dylan Hartley's ban from international rugby will not prevent him from becoming England captain, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student freed from prison in North Korea has accused the North Korean government of keeping his son in a coma for 15 months.
"This is not a fight, this is a battle of ideas," is the slogan of the UFC's Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A Mexican man has pleaded not guilty to murdering a US border patrol agent who was shot dead in 2010.
Jewish community centres across the US have received a series of threats, including bomb threats to Jewish centres in New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Michigan, Missouri, Wisconsin and Kansas.
England's thrilling win over Wales may have convinced some that they are back on course for a first Grand Slam since the Millennium, but what about the second?
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced plans to make its self-drive car technology free to anyone who wants to use it.
Travellers are being advised not to travel unless "absolutely necessary" as a national rail strike is expected to cause widespread disruption.
Police in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a suspect in the gang rape of an elderly nun in March.
Texas lawmakers are considering a resolution to ban emoji emojis from being used when referring to the Lone Star flag.
The Premier League has agreed a new US television rights deal with NBC Sports, which will begin in 2016-17 and run until 2021-22.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed while new water pipes are installed as part of a Â£1.5m project to improve water supplies.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara after accusing Moscow of violating its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Kearney says he is happy to be in the Premiership's top six after leading his side to the top six for the first time.
Peterborough United defender Michael McSheffrey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Belgian cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been given a six-month ban from cycling after being found guilty of "technological fraud".
UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor is used to sleeping in until midday.
England fly-half George Ford will miss Saturday's Test against Australia at Twickenham.
A Stranraer schoolgirl is leading a campaign to ensure a life-extending treatment for a rare genetic condition is made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union (RFU) to reconsider its decision not to include them in the new Women's Super Rugby competition.
England Under-21s coach Graham Ashworth says the Football Association "stands by" the decision not to call up some of the country's best players for Euro 2016 despite missing out on a place at the finals.
US President-elect Donald Trump says he will be a "prolific president" who will be "totally pro-American" on trade.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby girl after he was called out to deal with a call for help with illegal drugs has described it as "one of the most rewarding" days of his career.
Manu Tuilagi's future at Leicester Tigers is "very positive", says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang-raped and sexually assaulted by a number of men has been found guilty of perverting the course of justice.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a 14-year-old girl.
Firefighters are continuing to deal with a major blaze at the site of a fire at a disused quarry in Dumfries and Galloway.
At least 60 homes have been evacuated after flash flooding hit parts of Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire on Friday.
A UN-backed investigation into the disappearance of 43 Mexican students who disappeared in Guerrero state in September has found no evidence to support claims that the bodies were burned.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help in the fight against Islamist militants, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A young girl who was injured when a bouncy castle was blown away by a strong wind has been admitted to hospital for surgery.
US striker Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football after the Women's World Cup in New Zealand in December.
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding, according to a study by researchers in Brazil.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Jordan Kebble from Pro12 side Northampton Saints for next season.
Widnes coach Ian Betts says he does not see his side's recent poor form as a sign they have lost momentum in Super League.
Kensington Palace has denied allegations that Prince Andrew had sexual relations with a woman when she was under-age.
Krystian Pearce scored a late equaliser to rescue a point for Mansfield Town against York City in the National League.
Three people have been arrested after a man was found with serious head injuries following a suspected robbery in Brighton.
A Dundee man who forced a woman to have sex with another man has been given a life sentence after being found guilty of attempted rape.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan for the rest of the season.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived on the site of a West Sussex school destroyed by fire.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Davies would like to see Northampton flanker George North return to Wales.
Petra Kvitova will play Romania's Simona Halep in Sunday's Australian Open final after beating the world number one in straight sets.
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men who broke into his home in County Londonderry.
Work is to start on a major revamp of a former leisure centre in Denbighshire.
More than 200 cases of suspected child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated by West Yorkshire Police.
More than 40 people have died after being found locked inside a hot pick-up truck in a US supermarket car park, officials say.
Anorexia nervosa is a serious mental illness, but the fight to create a more inclusive fashion industry is still one which is continuing relentlessly today.
An exhibition about the Windrush generation has opened in Nottingham ahead of Nottingham Carnival.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle has accused Culture Secretary John Whittingdale of "murdering" the independence of the BBC over reports it could be forced to move popular shows such as Strictly Come Dancing from peak-time slots.
A woman with spina bifida has told how she had to walk to a concert after being refused a taxi because of her disability.
The comet lander Philae has contacted Earth for the first time since going into hibernation, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
An off-duty police officer from the Glasgow city centre community policing team took to the stage in a pub karaoke bar to sing the Bee Gees.
Worcestershire all-rounder Dane Viljoen took five wickets to help his side to a five-wicket win over Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
Sinn Féin has said it will be "very, very hostile" to any suggestion the British government should suspend Northern Ireland's power-sharing institutions.
Northamptonshire all-rounder Matt Buck took a five-wicket haul as Durham's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship game at Northampton.
Police have appealed for help to trace a woman who has been missing from her Greenock home since October.
An advert for a conference call service has been withdrawn after a facial reconstruction charity said it was "disturbing".
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton Wanderers reached the second round of the EFL Cup with a hard-fought win over Sheffield United.
French Muslims are gathering at mosques across the country to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
A deal has been agreed between the European Union (EU) and Norway to increase fishing quotas in the North Sea.
The pilot and his wife of a light aircraft which crashed into a field in Birmingham have been found safe and well after walking into a pub.
For a century and a half, the Swansea Canal was Swansea's lifeline, carrying water from the River Tawe to the docks and beyond.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to return to full fitness for Ireland's Six Nations match against Scotland on Saturday.
Private landlords in England are to be given the power to evict illegal immigrants from their homes under new proposals from the government.
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and Justice Minister Michael Teeven have resigned after a row over a compensation payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
David Swankie scored a stoppage-time winner as Forfar Athletic beat Cowdenbeath 2-1 to go top of Scottish League Two.
Planning permission has been refused for a housing development in Carrbridge in Argyll and Bute.
A norovirus outbreak has been declared at a hospital in Carmarthenshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers China's commitment to freedom of speech.
Crocodile egg harvesting has long been a popular pastime in Australia.
More than 1,800 miles of road gritters have been taken out to be serviced by Gloucestershire County Council's fleet of gritters.
Ricky Gervais from Newsround is on a mission to find out more about the robots of the future.
A former friend of a couple convicted of murdering Liam Fee has said it is "not fair" that they will be in jail for years after the toddler's death.
Plans to build a new power station at a Norfolk paper mill have been submitted to the government.
Thousands of migrants and refugees have been moving out of the notorious Jungle camp in the French port city of Calais.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" in Gaza.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after four people were stabbed in a town centre.
Wales could return to an eight-council model in north Wales under plans being proposed by the local government minister.
US cable company Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) from Liberty Broadband for $78.7bn (Â£57bn).
A survivor of sexual abuse at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's planned public inquiry into child abuse.
Russia has expressed anger at Poland's decision not to allow a group of Russian bikers known as the "Night Wolves" to enter the country.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has stepped down as Test captain after the second Test against England ended in a draw.
Australia's economy grew 0.8% in the three months to December, much better than expected, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's favourite birds.
Force India have confirmed that Mexican driver Sergio Perez will remain with the team for 2017.
A mother has won a legal battle against a local council's attempt to force her to attend school after she refused to comply with a compulsory attendance order.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson carded a six-under 66 to take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the Swedish Open.
Victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales should have access to a drop-in clinic, a charity has said.
US researchers have produced a new class of durable plastic that can be recycled, thanks to a simple chemical reaction.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at helping home-grown tech start-ups get off the ground, according to the head of the UK's Start-Ups Association, Paul Woodford.
Scotland's first new gin distillery in nearly 200 years has opened in the Scottish Borders.
The site of a Nottingham factory destroyed by fire in a week ago has been described as "significant" by Nottingham City Museums and Galleries.
Men used to die earlier than women in many respects because of their history of smoking, research suggests.
A Michigan college student has been charged with hazing after allegedly forcing a fellow student to eat peanut butter as part of a fraternity initiation.
A proposal to give Finland's highest peak to mark its independence from Russia has been rejected by the Norwegian government.
Scotland's economic growth this year will be slightly slower than expected, according to a new report from a leading economic forecaster.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says his wife "convinced" him to take up the post after he was asked by President-elect Donald Trump to be his secretary of state.
A football club is trying to trace a bride-to-be who posed for a photograph with them after a motorway bridge collapsed while they were travelling to a match.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing to commit acts of terrorism, police have said.
Sculptures of former Dorset and Devonshire Regiment soldiers are to be created as a tribute to those who served in World War One and World War Two.
When Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi was asked to name the most significant political change since she joined the opposition in 2012, she paused.
A man has pleaded guilty to attempting to rob a shop assistant after he was caught on camera by a security camera.
The head of the National Police Chiefs' Association (NBPA) says he is "very concerned" about the way some police forces in England and Wales deal with complaints about racism.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins found in County Down has been declared treasure at an inquest.
A 15-year-old girl who died after falling into a Northumberland beach has been named by police.
A British man has been charged with causing the death of his partner who died in a scooter crash in Thailand.
A woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack filmed on her mobile phone.
The mood in Downing Street is one of cautious optimism.
Manchester United defender Luke Shaw has been named in the squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has told MSPs at the Scottish Parliament: "It is goodbye from me... for now".
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a computer virus that locked patients' files and forced them to pay a ransom to unlock them.
BodyPositive is back and we want you to join us for the next six months.
David Cameron has called for Sepp Blatter to leave his position as head of world football's governing body Fifa, saying allegations of corruption at the organisation are "the ugly side of the beautiful game".
A restaurant owner in the Spanish city of Tenerife says he owes more than Â£2,000 to a group of Romanian diners who left without paying for a reservation.
An increase in the number of incidents of livestock worrying in Scotland has been reported to police.
Mercedes have confirmed French-born Frenchman Esteban Ocon will join Force India for the 2017 season.
A care home for older people and adults with learning disabilities in Gloucestershire has been told to make "significant improvements" to the way it treats residents.
Dog owners are used to having to speak to their pets in different languages.
Three men have been found guilty of murdering a rival drug dealer who was stabbed to death in a revenge attack in a supermarket car park.
Tranmere Rovers defender Emmanuel Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association of England's Football Association.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan for the rest of the season after his loan deal from National League rivals Wrexham was cancelled by mutual consent.
Bristol City maintained their perfect start to the new Championship season with a comfortable victory over Cardiff City at Ashton Gate.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as Middlesex took control against Hampshire on day two at Lord's.
GPs in south London are being urged to reverse a decision to stop prescribing specialist infant formula milk to babies with milk allergy and lactose intolerance.
The sight of a touchscreen smeared with fingerprints is a familiar sight.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to become a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a transplant to save her life.
An Australian toddler who was born with part of a twin has become the first child in the world to undergo pioneering surgery to reconstruct her pelvic area.
A man has been charged with murder after a man died following a stabbing in Dundee.
A man has died in a house fire at a retirement home in Fife.
Boreham Wood have re-signed left-back Gary McSheffrey for a second time after he signed a new contract with the National League club.
It is one of Britain's most famous horse races and one of the world's biggest events for women.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died after a hospital refused to admit her to a specialist unit for emergency surgery has heard there is a risk of future deaths unless action is taken.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
Former England all-rounder Michael Vaughan has retired from international cricket with immediate effect because of a knee injury.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro says reports that Jamie Walker is close to joining Rangers are "just wasting time".
Michael van Gerwen beat defending champion Mark Wright 10-6 in a thrilling final to win the PDC World Championship at Alexandra Palace.
Northern Ireland politicians have been debating the case for and against the UK leaving the European Union in the House of Commons.
Scotland captain Steven Greer says he is "open to anything with a good opportunity where teams are pushing for something" after playing in the Euro 2016 warm-up matches against France.
Defence has long been a key issue in British politics.
Lord Avebury, a former MP and Liberal peer, has died aged 94.
The number of new council houses sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession, according to new figures.
Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of behaving "irresponsibly" and "recklessly" in the run-up to the EU referendum.
Police have released images of two women they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in a Glasgow nightclub.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest march against planned cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a hard-fought victory over Everton at Selhurst Park.
More than £16,000 was paid out in compensation last year to teachers who were injured in the workplace, figures show.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) talks between the US and the European Union are under way.
Bristol head coach Karl Robinson says the departure of head coach Steve Borthwick has "kicked us quite hard".
Germany's trade surplus shrank in November as imports rose faster than exports, while factory output fell, according to official figures.
A Red Cross volunteer who was part of the air traffic control team at the Shoreham air disaster has been recognised in the New Year Honours.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should do more than "pay lip service to the needs of shareholders and other stakeholders", according to its chairman Lord Myners.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled in Shropshire by Uri Geller.
Vladimir Putin met France's far-right National Front National leader, Marine Le Pen, at the Kremlin on Tuesday.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it will strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels after the UK votes to leave the European Union.
A man who boasted about raping a baby and sexually abusing a young girl on social media has been jailed.
A police officer has been disciplined for incorrectly recording the date of birth of a man who was arrested for a firearms offence.
Kristina Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first WTA title of the season with victory at the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will not make any excuses for his side's World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa after a number of players were ruled out with injury.
Gatwick Airport has said it will take on the main risks of building a new runway as part of a deal with the Airports Commission.
Carlisle United have signed Portuguese international Pedro from Dutch club FC Groningen on loan for the rest of the season.
Boris Johnson is one of the UK's most colourful and controversial politicians.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed former Crewe Alexandra striker Gary Lowe on a short-term deal from League One rivals Bury.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for indecency has been deported from the country.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest growing economies, but is it safe to invest in the country?
In a small, dusty room in the centre of the Turkish town of Suruc, a group of women gather around the coffins of their dead sons.
A memorial to air crewmen who served in World War Two has been stolen from Lincoln's Bomber Command Centre.
Northampton Town have been placed into administration by Northampton Borough Council.
Shares of two Hong Kong-based financial firms have fallen sharply following a sharp sell-off in their shares.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed 21 new shadow cabinet members, including 14 women and four from black and minority ethnic communities.
Football fans have long complained about the rising cost of tickets, and there have been a number of demonstrations and marches at spiralling costs.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined by a national park in India for taking photos of himself and his wife, Reeva, posing with endangered Asiatic lions.
A man who was due to appear in court charged with assaulting two teenagers has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has reached a record high, according to a new study.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused by the Liberal Democrats and Conservatives of "overspending" on free schools in England.
Tower Hamlets voters will go to the polls on 8 May to elect a new mayor.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park was once described as London 2012's "Wembley Stadium".
Former Hull KR and Castleford Tigers prop Ryan Chase says he is in the "best physical shape he has ever been" ahead of his return to the Super League club.
British sprinter Wayne Rooney says it would be "amazing" to be presented with his Beijing 2008 Olympic bronze medal in front of a home crowd at London's Olympic Stadium.
Scientists believe they have discovered a genetic clue to why some people are more likely to enjoy coffee than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been invited to become the country's new king, after he delayed taking the throne by at least a year.
Belfast MP Sammy Wilson has decided not to put his name forward to become the next leader of the DUP.
First Lady Carole Jones says she hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her young son when she returns to Cardiff for the Champions League final.
A Church of Ireland bishop has said he supports same-sex marriage, saying the church is "not up to pace" with society.
The body of a man has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiring to export a nuclear coating used to build a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
It looks like the new Ghostbusters movie is going to be the first in a series of interconnecting films.
Rail services between south Wales and London will be disrupted during the August Bank Holiday weekend due to improvements to the Great Western main line.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Catalonia to show support for independence from Spain.
Prince Harry has shared photos of his visit to a children's home in South Africa on his Instagram account.
Taxi-booking app Uber has said it is "delighted" Singapore has approved new regulations to allow it to operate in the city-state.
Pace bowler James Anderson will miss England's first Test against South Africa in Cape Town, with Chris Woakes replacing him and Steven Finn replacing spinner Steven Finn.
Thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a change in the law to allow injured police support animals to be treated by paramedics.
A man and a woman have died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Protesters in the US city of Minneapolis have set up a camp outside a police station after four men were shot dead on Saturday.
The prime minister of Lesotho says he has been removed from power after the army staged a coup in the southern African kingdom.
A Plaid Cymru AM has claimed he has been targeted in a break-in at his home in Newport.
Campaigners are taking part in a walk through the Lake District to highlight the impact of proposed pylons to the National Grid.
Photographs by Raul Roman and Lonnie Schlein, photo by Joey Rosa
A state of emergency has been lifted in the US city of Baltimore, after the mayor said it was no longer necessary to keep a curfew in place.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen goalkeeper Craig Quinn on loan for the rest of the season.
Nottingham Forest midfielder Nicklas Bendtner suffered a suspected broken leg as they beat Birmingham City to move off the bottom of the Championship.
Lancashire's Alviro Petersen scored his 41st first-class century of the season as Lancashire dominated the first day of their Championship match against Hampshire at Lord's.
(Closed): US markets were mixed on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 unchanged and the Nasdaq edging up after the latest batch of Hillary Clinton emails were released.
David Cameron has said he is "deeply committed" to staying in the European Union, saying it would be a "big mistake" for the UK to leave.
Sebastian Coe is the new president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) - but what are his achievements as an athlete?
York City have signed left-back Omar Kamdjo from National League rivals Forest Green Rovers on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Sunderland midfielder Emmanuel Eboue has had his contract terminated after being banned from football for four months by Fifa.
A neighbour has told a court how he tried to wash acid off the face of a Daily Record journalist who had acid thrown in his face.
More than 280,000 Zafira B cars built between 2005 and 2014 are being recalled after a number of fires were reported.
US presidential hopefuls Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have both accused the Republican Party of "rigging" the process to ensure their supporters have a say in who will be their party's nominee for November's election.
A new lightsaber combat sport has been launched in the UK for people who want to become a Jedi Knight.
A man has died in a head-on crash in Dorset.
The US government has given conditional approval for Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil drilling in the Arctic waters of the Chukchi Sea in Alaska.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room on New Year's Eve.
South African Paralympic champion Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murdering his girlfriend by shooting her in the head with a 9mm pistol.
The popular Tor network is being blocked across Turkey as part of a government crackdown on internet freedom, a monitoring group says.
Middlesbrough midfielder Fernando Llorente has left the Premier League club after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
Rugby union has long been one of Japan's most under-appreciated sports.
Islamic State (IS) militants are reported to have taken control of the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria, one of the country's most important ancient sites.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over with the word "wrong" instead of "co-op".
Former Bath head coach Graham Guscott believes his old club could make history when they take on Leicester Tigers at The Rec on Saturday.
More than 1,000 employees in Nottingham have decided not to pay a new charge for parking at work after a council introduced a "tax on work".
Former Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says he made a "mistake" in not being more "domineering" to new boss Rafael Benitez.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is proud of his decision not to join Scotland's Under-21 squad for the Under-19 World Cup in South Korea because he wants to win the Scottish Cup.
Aberystwyth's historic university building could be turned into a community centre and world-class postgraduate centre.
Voters in 18 council areas will be required to show a photo ID to cast their ballots under new government plans aimed at tackling electoral fraud.
Surrey had to settle for a draw with Nottinghamshire thanks to an unbeaten century from all-rounder Michael Mullaney in the first day of their T20 Blast match at The Oval.
The family of a man who died at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland after being paralysed from the chest down have said he was "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him in the last weeks of his life".
A petition calling for a road safety campaign to be introduced to the Welsh Assembly has been launched.
A book about the life and death of a Welsh Guardsman killed in Afghanistan has won the Man Booker Prize, the UK's highest literary honour.
Universities in England are being told to meet the costs of disabled students' allowances or risk losing the support they provide.
The Women's Institute (WI) has been accused of censorship after a writer was asked to remove 'censored' place names from promotional material at an event.
Ireland scrum-half CJ Stander says there will be no extra protection for Conor Murray when the Scots visit Murrayfield in the Six Nations on Saturday.
Women who are overweight or obese who are diagnosed with breast cancer are to be offered the chance to lose weight as part of a study being carried out by the US National Cancer Institute.
Germany midfielder Leon Goretzka scored twice as his side beat Mexico 4-1 to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Eddie Izzard has completed 27 marathons in South Africa to raise money for the Nelson Mandela Foundation.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side deserved to beat Ipswich Town in the first league game of the season after a 1-0 victory at Carrow Road.
Crotone secured Serie A survival for the first time in their history as they beat Lazio despite having Bastos sent off, while Empoli were beaten by Palermo.
Richard Gere has joined the cast of Guy Ritchie's new film, The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria's economy shrank 0.1% in the three months to June, according to official figures.
(Close): US markets closed higher on Wednesday, lifted by gains in energy and consumer goods shares, while small-cap stocks rose sharply.
Nicholas Winton was a devoted member of the British community who risked his life to rescue Jewish children from Nazi Germany before World War Two.
The number of prisoners who escaped from jails in England and Wales in 2016-17 rose to the highest level on record, figures show.
Prince George will be marked with a special £5 coin to mark his first birthday, the Royal Mint has announced.
A new Great Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead in 2018.
The mother of a man who was found dead at a Dublin apartment complex has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus moved level on points with Serie A leaders AC Milan after a comfortable win over mid-table Crotone in the Coppa Italia.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title with a comfortable win over Barnsley at St James' Park.
Two men have been charged with murdering a man who was stabbed to death at a supermarket.
It is a long-forgotten speech that I made at a school debate about whether Yorkshire should be an independent state.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes at two new developments in Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline - the first time a British gymnast has won an Olympic medal in the event.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester City moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool at King Power Stadium.
Historians are urging people to trace the locations of ancient symbols that were used to ward off evil spirits in medieval England.
Didcot Power Station's tall chimney has collapsed into the air, prompting fears the site's stack had been brought down overnight.
The Isle of Wight Council has provisionally agreed a proposal from travel firm Hovertravel for a cross-Solent ferry service.
Last year was the worst year for cruise liner visits to the Channel Islands since 1987, according to Guernsey's harbour master.
The boss of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has said Northern Ireland needs to be "mature enough" as a tourism industry to attract more visitors to the site.
A man who absconded from a mental health unit where he was being held for killing his partner has handed himself in to police.
Northumbria Police's chief constable who led one of the UK's largest manhunts is to retire.
Hartlepool missed the chance to move level on points with League Two leaders Portsmouth after losing 2-0 at home to Barnet.
Sunderland defender Jan Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Haris Harnik has been ruled out of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia because of a hamstring injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says reaching the third round of the EFL Cup will be "very important" for the Reds.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with its engine.
The number of visitors to a sculpture of ceramic poppies at a national park in Yorkshire has risen 170% since it was unveiled last year.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first professional footballer to come out as gay.
Police are to review all deaths linked to a paramilitary unit that carried out paramilitary patrols in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
A dispersal order has been issued for a town centre on Anglesey.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks after being found guilty of assaulting his partner and harassing her.
North Korean prisoner Kenneth Bae has been returned to a labour camp, according to reports from the US state department and his family.
Three of Blackpool's 19th Century piers have been put up for sale for around £12.6m.
South Africa coach Russell Domingo will step down after this summer's series against England.
An audit of the UK's internet service providers (ISPs) has found a raft of problems that could have been exposed by the TalkTalk hack.
A number of online gambling firms have been ordered to change the way they operate after the UK's competition regulator launched an investigation into their practices.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's World Cup campaign has started with a disappointing 1-0 Group C defeat by Poland in Nice.
Electrical current can be used to stimulate a part of the brain which controls maths skills, according to researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles.
The family of a man who died when he was hit by a car while cycling in Bradford have paid tribute to a "dedicated academic".
The US government has defended its surveillance programme, known as Prism, after it was revealed in a series of secret documents leaked from the US National Security Agency (NSA).
Rory McIlroy says he hopes to recover from a stomach bug in time to play in the first round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell is to step down as captain of Birmingham Bears after 18 months in charge.
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is suing a policewoman for defamation after she said she was "harassed" by the government over her role in the investigation into the Nice truck attack.
Lewis Hamilton said he was disappointed with his "very, very odd" weekend at the Hungarian Grand Prix as he failed to make up any ground on Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas.
Ugandan opposition politician Kizza Besigye, a doctor who served as a personal doctor to President Yoweri Museveni in the 1980s, is seeking to unseat him in the presidential election on 8 November.
A Cardiff man says he and his wife are worried about their pets after a colony of tube web spiders descended on their house.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £42m for the year to the end of March.
Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a street in Leeds.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has apologised for remarks he made about women working in science labs.
Hundreds of thousands of people in England are being left to fend for themselves because of cuts to social care budgets, figures show.
Bolivian officials have accused a former air traffic controller of lying over a plane that crashed into a mountainside in November, killing most of a Brazilian football team.
A court in China has sentenced a member of a cult to life in prison for the murder of a woman who was beaten to death in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry has hit back at Taylor Swift, saying: "I love her, and I want the best for her."
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to those killed in the Paris attacks.
Chesterfield have parted company with their director of football Les Turner by mutual consent.
Welsh ministers have been accused of refusing to publish an internal audit into how £400,000 of public money was spent by the Welsh government in 2014/15.
The Scottish government has pledged £2m towards the cost of a new film studio in Dundee.
Prue Leith is to step down from the Great British Menu after 11 series, the BBC has announced.
Substitute Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 in Port-Gentil to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Oxford could become the first city in England to introduce strict dog control orders.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Zimbabwe's upstart #ThisFlag movement, which calls for the re-owning of the country's flag, and calls for an inquiry into the disappearance of $15bn (Â£10bn) of Zimbabwe's diamond wealth.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to close Stafford University's former Stafford Crown Court.
Rescuers in Greenland are searching for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country's west coast.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a two-car crash on the A1 in County Antrim.
Theresa May is to visit the White House "very shortly" to meet President-elect Donald Trump, it has been confirmed.
A top US official tried to persuade the FBI to change the classification of a classified email sent by Hillary Clinton, newly released FBI documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in, according to a new study.
Gillingham manager Gary Pennock says he would be happy to add two or three more new players to his squad, but would need to be good players.
Steam, one of the world's most popular digital games retailers, has struck a deal with film company Lionsgate to release video content through its store.
Mexican police have arrested several suspects over the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman from a maximum-security prison in the city of Altiplano.
Highland Council has said it is "unlikely" a new school in the town of Wick will open in October as planned because of delays in the construction of new buildings.
Small businesses will have to pay more VAT under new rules announced in the Autumn Statement by the Chancellor Philip Hammond.
The head of the National Union of Teachers has criticised the government's plans to make five traditional GCSE subjects compulsory.
Work has begun on a major revamp of Portsmouth Naval Base ahead of the arrival of the Royal Navy's first aircraft carrier.
Police are continuing to search for a missing man from Edinburgh who was last seen travelling from Manchester to London on Sunday.
Fishermen and anglers off the coast of Wales are being asked to help record the population of a rare species of shark.
A volcanic eruption in Hawaii in the US state of Hawaii has been sending lava into the air.
Irish state broadcaster RTÉ has been granted an injunction against the Republic of Ireland's richest man, the Irish Times reports.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been provisionally withdrawn from the Tour de France because of doping concerns.
The US says it has secured the release of a Canadian man who had been detained in Syria for more than a year.
The widow of murdered solicitor Pat Finucane has criticised Prime Minister David Cameron's refusal to hold a full public inquiry into his murder.
Scottish Football Association chairman Martyn Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on how to tackle gambling in Scottish football.
Chicago police officer charged over the fatal shooting of a black teenager has pleaded not guilty to murder.
The Independent newspaper is to stop publishing its print edition in March, its owner has announced.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has pulled out of a bid to sign Gillingham midfielder Luke Byrne.
A new plastic fiver has been launched by the Bank of England.
An Australian man who survived six days without food or water in the Australian outback by eating ants has told how he survived on ants.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his team were "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after a 2-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Syrian government forces say they have recaptured "complete control" of a district of the central Homs city of Homs from rebels.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka is being questioned by police over claims he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
The president of the breakaway region of Abkhazia, Georgia's former Soviet republic of South Ossetia, has fled the capital Sukhumi amid protests against his rule.
An Indian woman has thanked the country's Railways Ministry for helping her to provide milk for a baby girl who was crying on a train.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a music video for their new single.
Premier League leaders Arsenal, Chelsea, Leicester City and Birmingham City have denied doping claims made by the Sunday Times.
A campaign to elect an elected mayor for Cardiff has hit its target for collecting enough signatures to force a referendum has been criticised as "just mischief making".
More than 1,000 jobs will be lost in a Hampshire town as a result of the closure of a Royal Navy base, a council has said.
More than 200 schoolgirls have been abducted from a school in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok.
Ten men have been arrested in a raid on a suspected illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham.
Surrey Police needs to improve the way it investigates serious and organised crime, the police and crime commissioner has said.
The global edition of the BBC's iPlayer app will stop being available in the US on 26 June, the corporation has confirmed.
A Victorian funeral reception house used by families unable to pay for a burial has been given Grade II listed status.
An Iranian group of cartoonists has held its annual contest on the theme of Donald Trump's "ism" - a reference to racism and Nazism.
Bernie Sanders has become the top trending topic on Twitter, Facebook and other social media sites.
Port Vale came from behind to beat West Bromwich Albion in the EFL Cup first round.
Cambridge United defender Michael Keane has signed a new contract with the League One club after being released by Oxford United.
A woman has been left "very upset" after an armed robbers broke into a house in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scotland's political leaders have been reacting to the fatal tram crash in Glasgow city centre.
England will play New Zealand in the World Rugby Under-20 Championship final at Twickenham on Saturday after a bonus-point win over South Africa.
Three lanes of the M1 in Northamptonshire have been closed after a lorry overturned on the carriageway.
Zacarina Abramovic has opened her latest show at London's Serpentine Gallery, where she has turned herself into a statue and invited the public to "be present".
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to engage constructively in talks to restore power-sharing.
More than 300 jobs could be created in the Highlands and Islands after a water company was awarded £1.5m of funding from the Scottish government.
Tributes have been paid to an 82-year-old woman who was murdered in her Fife home.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to leave their homes as a series of forest fires continue to burn in Chile.
The US has called on Israel to halt plans to build new settlements in the occupied West Bank, accusing it of "perpetual occupation".
A couple who were arrested on suspicion of planning to travel to Syria have been allowed to return home after a judge ruled it was in the best interests of their children.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the Women's Trade Unionist Movement in the Black Country.
More than 600 young people who have returned to Kenya from Somalia have not been reintegrated into society since returning to the country, a UN-backed report says.
A woman has died in a road crash in Newtownbutler, County Antrim.
Midwives across Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a long-running dispute over pay.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of sharing indecent images of themselves and others via social media.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to death for the murder of six fellow soldiers he shot dead in revenge for bullying.
Toyota has announced plans to invest £100m in its UK car plant to boost production of new models, including the new Qashqai SUV.
Sport in Wales needs to do more with the £20m it receives from the Welsh Government to boost grassroots football, the head of the country's governing body has said.
The leader of South Africa's opposition Democratic Alliance (DA), Helen Zille, has announced she is to step down.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand over his British middleweight title belt as a "goodwill gesture" to former world champion Joe Blackwell.
A grieving family in the US state of Alaska have been reunited with their dead son after police mistook him for another man who had died in a car crash.
Queens Park Rangers midfielder Jordan Hugill has joined League One side Plymouth Argyle on loan for the rest of the season.
Scotland's top lawyer has told the Supreme Court that the Scottish Parliament should not be used as a legal "legal obstacle" to the UK government exercising its right to trigger Brexit.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested over the death of a man at a house in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams would have to have sanctioned the killing of MI5 agent David Donaldson, his family has said.
A World War Two general who took charge of sick and dying prisoners at a Nazi concentration camp has been honoured with a commemorative plaque.
Police have said they are treating a suspicious device found on a road in Dumfries as "nothing untoward".
Nico Rosberg was fastest in second practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate and world champion Lewis Hamilton struggled with technical problems.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been forced to temporarily close after an intruder broke into its play area.
Home improvement retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell a majority stake in its B&Q business in China to Wumei Holdings.
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark trade deal after Belgium rejected it.
Hundreds of survivors of the Merthyr Tydfil disaster have attended a conference in Cardiff to hear their stories.
Last year's winner The Last Samuri will carry 11st 10lb when the Grand National gets under way on Saturday.
Former Premier League footballer Jamie McKenzie has announced he will make his professional debut in November.
An RSPB conservationist has warned people not to use plastic bags as a "direct threat to wildlife" after a red-throated diver was spotted on a lochan in Scotland.
Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a street in Nottinghamshire.
Nottinghamshire voted to leave the European Union by a majority of 57.9% to 42.1%.
Edin Dzeko scored twice as Roma beat Bologna to move level on points with Serie A leaders Juventus.
Audit Scotland has cleared the Scottish government's culture secretary over a controversial grant to the organisers of the T in the Park festival.
Anthony Joshua has the "bruish strength" of a "George Foreman", says former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno.
The sudden death of Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has left a vacuum in the leadership of one of India's most popular political parties.
The remains of a man whose remains were found on a motorway lay undiscovered for up to three years have been identified by police.
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on an Afghan army base in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
Great Britain's Davis Cup team have reached the semi-finals for only the second time in the competition's history.
Belgrade's Asylum Information Centre is one of the few places in the Serbian capital where people-smugglers are not welcome.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston says he is relishing the challenge of leading the Bairns back into the Scottish Championship.
A man has died after getting into difficulty while swimming in the River Penicuik in Truro.
Kilcoo moved into the Ulster Club Football semi-final with a 1-14 to 0-14 victory over Scotstown thanks to a superb goal from Niall Johnston.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says it would "kill her" if she misses out on a place in the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics but hopes to qualify for Rio 2016 alongside Americans Liz Holland and Non Stanford.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has announced he will step down in June.
A second inquest into the death of Cumbria toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned until October.
United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled plans for a new, more powerful rocket, capable of putting upwards of 25 tonnes in low-Earth orbit.
The death of A$AP Mob member Steven Rodriguez has been confirmed as an accident.
Blackburn Rovers manager Karl Saunders says he is trying to find out if Mame Biram Diouf was involved in a night out before a Premier League game.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his team are confident of reaching the Europa League group stage despite being underdogs against Maribor.
England's Henrik Stenson and England's Justin Rose will again play together in the fourballs in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Saturday.
Rental growth in the office market in Belfast is helping to encourage new development in the city, according to commercial agents.
Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant has been rated as one of the world's most serious nuclear incidents since the Chernobyl disaster of 1986, when radioactive material was released into the atmosphere.
A police helicopter was targeted with a laser beam while flying over Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read people's lips has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May says she wants to reassure the world that the UK is still 'bold' and 'outward looking' after it leaves the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads from spreading across the continent.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis Khan says he has "no doubts" about his side's ability to recover from a shock defeat by England in the first one-day international against the International Cricket Council.
Google is to stop running 30-second adverts on YouTube videos, saying they are "not an effective way to advertise".
Midfielders Joe Chester and Jordan Matthews have been recalled to the Wales squad for Sunday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff.
A Christian-run bakery that refused to make a so-called "gay cake" for a gay couple has told a court it could face legal action from the Equality Commission.
Athletics governing bodies have been accused of "failing clean athletes" after proposals to wipe world records from the books were approved by European Athletics.
A man accused of forcing a man to work as a slave for £20 a day was allowed to buy sweets for his children, Cardiff Crown Court has heard.
A woman who died after a car crashed into a tree in west Belfast has been named by police.
Rugby's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time at a permanent home.
A woman has been appointed as the first female commanding officer of the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst.
A jewellery store in Teesside has been robbed in a raid which police believe is being linked to a similar robbery in Yarm in County Durham in November.
Yorkshire's Paul Stirling and Middlesex's Sam Robson hit centuries on the opening day of the County Championship game at Headingley.
Two teenage boys are being sought by police after a woman was blinded in one eye when she was attacked with a laser pen by two teenage boys in Edinburgh.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous personality disorder", a court has heard.
The US economy added 156,000 jobs in May, slightly fewer than expected, as the number of people in the labour force rose slightly, official figures show.
Reading defender Paul McAnuff says he would be happy to see out his contract at the Championship club.
The average number of daily steps taken by the world's population is the lowest ever recorded, according to a study of smartphone activity data.
NHS bosses in England are seeking to transfer the remaining contracts for the troubled NHS 111 111 telephone advice service, the BBC has learned.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade is "under scrutiny" over his future at the club, says chairman Mehmet Dalman.
Retailer Next has lost a High Court battle with HM Revenue and Customs over £130m in tax after the Court of Appeal ruled it had not paid tax on overseas profits.
Banksy, Banksy and Sleaford Mods are among the nominees for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A pensioner who tried to stop a gunman who shot dead MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for his bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he is "overjoyed" after being told he no longer has a brain tumour.
The investigation into the Manchester Arena attack is under way, but how long will it take?
Guy Martin will miss this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
"Everything is fine now," said Cynthia, a 19-year-old student at Garissa University College.
The price of carbon permits - a key part of the EU's emissions trading system - fell to a record low on Monday, before recovering slightly.
Ghana's government has fined a private company $1.5m (Â£1.3m) for branding buses with portraits of President John Mahama and his immediate predecessors.
Four French police officers have been arrested on suspicion of recruiting for the so-called Islamic State (IS), the interior minister has said.
The Hillsborough disaster was the worst football disaster in the city's history, with 96 people killed and many more injured.
Tributes have been paid to a forensic scientist who led searches for the Disappeared who has died.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been rejected by the county council.
A baby boy was operated on after regurgitating a "plastic angel" - but only after his mother was told to stop giving him solids completely.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a newspaper published a photo of her covered in tattoos that included the word "Allah".
One of two turtles washed up on British shores has died after failing to feed itself, an aquarium has said.
It's been a busy 12 months for England's women's cricket team, with the ICC Women's World Cup coming up in June.
Wigan Warriors have signed England international full-back Sam Tomkins from Super League rivals Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jordan Wildsmith has signed a new long-term contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says he will not have a go at players who want to play at a higher level, despite interest from National League rivals Carlisle United.
Lancashire's Luke Procter scored his maiden first-class century at Old Trafford as Lancashire took control of the match against Hampshire.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side need to improve further if they are to be considered the number one team in the world after beating Australia in the three-Test series.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park is "cautiously optimistic" a giant panda cub will be born in the city this week after it was confirmed its female partner Ying Ying is pregnant.
At least 39 people have died in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest, officials say.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £290,000 to the family of a baby girl who suffered a "tragic" premature birth.
A judge has ruled a young boy should be taken into foster care after concerns were raised about the long-term future of his great-great-uncle.
The family of a woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend will not be able to pursue damages against the police force that failed to respond to her distress call.
Facebook has been urged by the Belgian government to explain how it uses the data it collects on its users, after it accused the social network of "tramples" on privacy laws.
Downton Abbey has been commissioned for a sixth series by ITV.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, has said he and the Prime Minister, Theresa May, will still be neighbours after the general election.
Community health councils across Wales say they are "disappointed" they have been described as the "best kept secret" of the NHS.
HBO has cancelled the second season of Vinyl, a period drama created by Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese.
One child in Northern Ireland calls Childline every day with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans for a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by councillors.
Michael Phelps returned from a six-month ban from competition to win the 100m breaststroke title at the USA Swimming National Championships in San Antonio.
Lyon goalkeeper Luiz Lopes was taken to hospital after two firecrackers were thrown from the stands during a French Ligue 1 match at Metz.
A man has been arrested after two men died when the car they were travelling in crashed into a tree in Stoke-on-Trent.
Scotland's only female MSP, Lesley MacDonald, has launched a new bid to change the law to allow terminally ill people to end their lives.
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and Boston Red Sox was played without fans on Monday because of ongoing riots in the city.
The growing acceptance of non-binary and gender-fluid identities has led to a relaxation of the sense of gender binary in many parts of the world.
Swiss voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal to curb immigration from the European Union.
Two people have died and another has been seriously injured in a two-car crash in Herefordshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum.
It used to be called Ravenscraig Steelworks was a noisy, noisy place.
A man who was a close associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for a year for assaulting a teenage boy and his girlfriend.
Prisons in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than they were even a year ago, says the National Prison Trust.
A man has been charged with criminal damage after a car was deliberately driven into a pharmacy in north Belfast.
Rescue workers are continuing to search for survivors of a powerful earthquake that struck off the coast of Aceh province in Indonesia on Tuesday.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick of points as Armagh beat Louth 3-14 to 1-11 in the Division Three Football League Division Three game at the Gaelic Grounds.
A French woman has become the first person to take legal action against the French government for failing to protect her from air pollution in Paris.
Germany will play Austria in the semi-finals of the Women's Euro 2017 after Denmark came from behind to beat them 2-1 in Rotterdam.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he supports equality for all people, whatever their sexuality.
Facebook is being taken to the High Court in Dublin over a complaint that its data transfers to the US violate EU law.
Birmingham City captain Gary Robinson has signed a new contract with manager Gary Rowett.
Firefighters have been called to homes across Dorset after reports of "aggressive" insecticide devices being used to control flies.
Poland's government has declared a state of disaster in the Bialowieza forest after heavy storms brought down thousands of trees.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its own budget to fund voluntary redundancies of further education staff.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved level on points with Forfar Athletic at the top of Scottish League One thanks to a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
Four men who were wrongly accused of murdering a police officer in Londonderry have expressed surprise that their original interview notes have gone missing.
Councils should be given the power to sponsor struggling academies and free up local authority budgets, councils say.
The benefits of the cholesterol-lowering drugs statins outweigh the risk of side effects, according to a review of the available evidence.
US astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a mission to the International Space Station.
Romania won their first Olympic gold medal of Rio 2016 with victory over China in the men's team epee.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said she will consider scrappage schemes to get people to get rid of their diesel cars, after reports of a so-called "toxin tax".
Dundee manager Neil McCann says the club need to improve their recruitment system if they are to strengthen their squad in the January transfer window.
IOC president Thomas Bach says he has no regrets over the International Olympic Committee's decision not to impose a blanket ban on Russia's Olympic team over the Sochi 2014 doping scandal.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions prop John Faull has died.
India has enjoyed a decade of sprightly economic growth under Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Tiger Woods says he is "concerned" about his fitness ahead of his return to competitive golf after a year out with a back injury.
A woman has said she woke up to find a man had shot a man in the leg at her house in County Londonderry.
A man suspected of helping to run the Silk Road website has been arrested in Thailand, US authorities have said.
David Fox scored a late winner as Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield at home in League Two.
England will begin their World Rugby Sevens Series campaign in Paris on Saturday with a warm-up match against Samoa.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon says he is "proud" to have led the club back to the top flight after their promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
A man has died in a suspected hang-gliding accident in East Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Sean Morrison says the Bluebirds need to improve their late-game "game management" after conceding two late goals against Birmingham City and QPR.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team have the "strength and power to match Germany in Wednesday's Olympic football match.
The US has imposed sanctions on senior officials in Venezuela over President Nicolás Maduro's planned vote for a new assembly to rewrite the constitution.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, where they discussed a possible strategic partnership agreement.
French police have demolished a Roma (Gypsy) camp on the site of a former railway station in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis.
Broadcaster Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save the oldest running pier train in the world.
The family of a man who died in a head-on collision with a lorry are hoping to build a woodland survival centre in his memory.
Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is to be honoured with a special garden dedicated to him in his home city of Cambridge.
Human rights groups have condemned comments made by Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte about the rape and murder of a female missionary.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major has been accused of "an absolute dismissal of democracy" over his call for a second referendum on Brexit.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a photo competition to see if they can take the best photograph of Bristol's Clifton Suspension Bridge.
The number of GCSE and A-level exam papers sent back for re-marking in England, Wales and Northern Ireland rose sharply in 2015, figures show.
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for the three months to September, but said it expects sales to rise in 2017.
Coleraine rower David Cassells and Coleraine's Peter Scrimgeour have retained the European lightweight pair title at the European Championships in Bremen, Germany.
Australia beat India by an innings and 10 runs in the first Test in India to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Universities around the world could offer full degrees online within five years, according to the head of one of the world's biggest online university providers.
Last year's Group One-winning horse Aintree ran out a convincing winner of the Queen Mother Champion Stayers' Hurdle at Newbury.
Irish Travellers in the Republic of Ireland are genetically isolated from the rest of the Irish population, according to a study of DNA from 42 people.
Highland Council has said it hopes to have a permanent solution to the Aberdeenshire bypass problem in place by Easter Sunday.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man and a woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain triathlete Tom Benson won gold at the European Triathlon Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, as team-mates Tom Bishop and Phil Graves finished in the top three places.
The Burrell Museum in Edinburgh is to reopen to the public in 2020 after a major revamp.
A river bend which was restored to its natural course has seen a rise in the number of salmon in a Nottinghamshire valley.
A French court has charged Yemen's national airline with contravention of international safety law over a passenger jet that crashed into the Mediterranean in March, killing most of its passengers.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has delivered a speech to the Republican National Convention laying out a prescription for the party's future.
Women's Super League One side Orlando City have signed five-time world player of the year Marta for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour's Andy Murray has held onto his Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election, despite a strong challenge from the SNP.
Salford Red Devils have parted company with coach Tom Frayssinous after a poor run of form.
Monaco's Princess Charlene has given birth to twin girls, a girl named Gabriella and a boy named Jacques.
Women who have experienced sexual violence are to be offered extra care when they go into labour under a new service at the Royal London Hospital.
Northern Ireland sprinter Ciara Foster has qualified for the semi-finals of the 100m at the World Indoor Championships in Glasgow while Londonderry man Jason Reid was disqualified.
A number of people have been arrested after clashes broke out between right-wing protesters and counter-demonstrators in Maidstone.
Banks, accountants and accountants who help people evade tax could face fines of up to Â£100,000 under plans proposed by Danny Alexander.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country's economy is in "crisis".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage should take a break from leading the party, the party's deputy leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum's historic collection has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum for Â£1.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, also known as the Kingdom of Islam, is one of the world's largest countries.
The number of children being counselled about online bullying in England and Wales has more than halved in a year, according to a national charity.
Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to trace after a teenage girl was raped in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have died after being run over by a car in County Fermanagh.
A pub in Carmarthenshire has agreed to sell its building to a community group for £300,000.
The prime minister's visit to schools across England has been met with a mixed response from headteachers and school leaders.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) diagnosed in England has risen sharply, with syphilis and gonorrhoea the most common.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana title despite a crash in the final 3km of the race which ended with a sprint finish.
Social media star Jeremy Vine has offered some advice to a teenage boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of "scumbags" at a school in Romford.
Wales has the potential to become one of the largest co-operative housing nations in the world, according to a new report.
Prestwick Airport is predicting the highest amount of traffic it has ever had for a summer period, as it prepares for the busiest July and August ever seen.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a drive to cut costs and simplify its business.
Partick Thistle will finish second in the Scottish Premiership after beating Motherwell at Fir Park.
The number of times ambulances are queued to handover patients from A&E departments in Yorkshire has risen sharply, figures show.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxford.
British conductor Christopher Hogwood has died aged 74.
A lion cub has been found in the cage of a captive-bred lion at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia after she gave birth to a male cub.
George Osborne is to visit Berlin later to seek German support for the UK's plans to leave the European Union.
An Australian company has been fined for desecrating a sacred site in the Northern Territory.
Thousands of stores across the UK will be offering "Black Friday" deals on Friday, hoping to attract shoppers in search of the best bargains.
A transgender woman in the Indian city of Chennai (Madras) has become the first in the country to become a police officer.
GAA director general Jim Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A US company is developing a 3D-scanable amputee device that will allow amputees to be fitted with a custom-fitted socket and hand.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig hopes manager Ronny Deila will be given a "good send-off" when he leaves the club at the end of the season.
The Bernabeu is one of the best stadiums in the world, and it will be a huge test for Manchester City when they go there for the second leg of their Champions League semi-final on Wednesday.
Wrexham striker Gary Morrell has been named as caretaker manager of the National League club following the departure of Paul Saunders.
Michael DeLeon says the pound's post-Brexit fall in value has made it easier for him to splurge when he goes shopping in London.
Union bosses have accused the government of putting "untrained" civil servants on the front line of planned strikes at the UK border.
Kenya's Kenya's Rita Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Turkey's Elvan Almaz missed out on the chance to complete an Olympic double after losing out to her compatriot.
Two men who died in an explosion at a Flintshire industrial unit could have been killed by a "flashover explosion", police have said.
The US and UK have criticised the Syrian government for allowing only limited air drops of humanitarian aid to besieged areas.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class candidates" from their workforce because they require candidates to pass a "posh test", a study says.
Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion have re-signed West Bromwich Albion midfielder Joe Bryan on loan for the rest of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against disgraced former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong, seeking damages from him and the US Postal Service.
A new group has been formed in Northern Ireland to help families of people with rare diseases to speak up for themselves.
Two 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in Wisconsin will remain in adult court, a judge has ruled.
The US Army has begun work on the final section of the Dakota Access Pipeline, despite protests from Native American tribes.
Hungary's general election takes place on 8 October, and the campaign is under way in the capital, Budapest, where thousands of people are expected to turn out to vote.
Two men have appeared in court charged with theft after food was stolen from a factory in Torfaen.
A Danish prince has become the centre of attention in Australia after he was pulled from the surf at a popular beach in Sydney.
Boris Johnson told the Today programme on Tuesday that the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
When Surjit Singh Kohli was a student at Delhi University, his teacher told him he would never be able to build a humanoid robot.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has denied reports that 100 of its fighters gathered in one place after a US air strike.
A Grade II-listed World War One stained glass window at a church in south Wales needs to be repaired, its owners have said.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a row of houses in a West Midlands town centre.
All primary school pupils in England are to be tested to ensure they know their times tables, as part of a drive to improve maths standards.
Olympic champion Louis Smith is being investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing at a fellow gymnast's Islamic prayers.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to have the government's decision to scrap the Independent Living Fund (ILF) declared unlawful.
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenue for the six months to September, helped by demand in North America, Latin America and Asia.
Two more people have been shot dead in Venezuela during protests against President Nicolas Maduro, officials say.
Airbus has cut the number of A380 planes it will build this year as production of the world's largest passenger jet is hit by engine problems.
Two of the UK's leading business leaders have called for the country to stay in the European Union, saying it would be "definitely in" if the UK voted to leave.
At least 40 people have died after a high-rise building collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay), police say.
US investment giant BlackRock plans to cut up to 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting plan, according to reports.
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer is one of many British footballers who have made it big in the United States - but how many more will follow his lead?
Russia says it will not dance on the table or sing a song if it is allowed back into athletics after being reinstated into the sport.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked for using another person's ashes as part of a "cover-up" after a family's ashes were mistaken for their own.
The case for and against the BBC is expected to be made at this year's Edinburgh International Festival later.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet junior doctors' leaders this week in a bid to resolve a dispute over new contracts.
Hamilton Academical moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost culture in the north of England has been launched by the government.
Serena Williams' stunning victory in the Australian Open on Centre Court on Monday was no surprise.
More than 50 people have been arrested in a series of raids in New York and Italy as part of an international investigation into organised crime.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law aimed at boosting the country's black population.
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches has come into effect in Scotland.
A pensioner has been told she will have to pay £18,800 to get a phone line installed to use her mobile phone.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's greatest political characters.
Tom Hilfiger has said he is "extremely proud" to have Gigi Hadid as an ambassador of his fashion line, after initially saying he thought the model was "too thin".
US singer Casey Kasem's family is suing his former wife, Jean Kasem, over his death.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after being arrested at a Euro 2016 match in France.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been arrested on charges of stealing $1bn (Â£700m) from the country's treasury while he was in power.
The prime minister has rejected calls from Tory MPs for the government to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit, saying it would have "left UK citizens in Europe high and dry".
Celtic moved level on points with second-placed Aberdeen thanks to goals from John Guidetti and Paolo Pascali's red card in a 2-0 win over Kilmarnock.
St Johnstone moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought victory at Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
England will play Fiji in the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup after finishing top of Pool B with a bonus-point win over Fiji.
Google is to stop requiring people to complete "captcha" puzzles on websites to prove they are real people.
Paralympic sprinter Jason Smyth says he is still aiming to reach his potential despite missing out on Olympic qualification in London 2012.
More than 1,000 birthday cakes have been removed from a golf club after an Irish Gypsy party turned into a "riot".
Welsh Affairs Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from the Welsh Affairs Select Committee about the impact of the UK leaving the European Union.
Belfast-based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold for an undisclosed sum to a Dublin-based investment firm.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a cyber attack on the TalkTalk website, police have said.
A Russian military jet has crashed in Syria after being shot down by Turkish jets, Russian and Turkish officials say.
US-led air strikes have targeted positions of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla will have surgery on a foot injury.
Harrington's Our Duke, owned by the Cooper family, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career as 28 runners took part in the Grade One race at Sandown.
Mae pêl-droed ysgoloriaeth yng Nghymru wedi bod ei fagu o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn.
NHS trusts in England will be given more freedom to speak out when things go wrong, under new measures announced by the health secretary.
A disabled man has been assaulted and bludgeoned with a blunt object during a burglary at his home in Dundee.
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey.
Iranians have been reacting angrily to the latest revelations in a long-running paylip scandal to hit the government of President Hassan Rouhani.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming say a bison calf has been killed by visitors who tried to rescue it.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.8% in the year to March, official figures show.
Teaching assistants in Northumberland are to be balloted for industrial action in a dispute over changes to their contracts.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Taylor on a permanent deal from National League rivals Eastleigh.
British number one Heather Watson has parted company with coach Alberto Veronelli, who had been leading her on the WTA tour since 2013.
A ceasefire brokered by Russia and the US in Syria came into effect on 1 November, with the aim of bringing an end to the civil war in the country.
Two British teenagers have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that Canada "needs" the US "very badly".
David Wagner has signed a new contract as head coach of Premier League newcomers Huddersfield Town.
"When I started working as a hairdresser, you were not considered an entrepreneur," says Terry Kiberenge.
A 12-year-old boy who died after being changed by his mother should have been examined by a doctor, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire have been criticised by campaigners who claim it will be "devastating" for the area's wildlife.
A letter written by the US and Russian presidents at the first summit of world leaders at the United Nations in New York in July 1991 is to be auctioned.
A US art dealer who admitted selling stolen Indian antiquities has been ordered to return a bronze sculpture to Singapore's national heritage board.
More than 1,000 commuters have been treated to a luxury train service from Kent to London after the world's oldest passenger train arrived in the city.
Luke Donald says he is confident he can return to the level he was at when he was the world number one and regain his top spot in the world rankings.
In the sweltering heat of the Cuban summer of 1910, a steamboat sailed into Havana harbour from New York with a group of men and women on board.
By-elections will be held across England and Wales on 2 May 2013 for local council seats.
Dementia rates in men have fallen slightly since the early 1990s, according to a study published in the Lancet.
The Isle of Wight Council is to appeal against a High Court decision not to fine a father for taking his daughter on holiday in term time.
An appeal to raise money to buy Christmas presents for children in Swansea has ended after the death of a man who fulfilled his promise to be Santa Claus.
German police and soldiers have carried the body of a German woman who died fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Theresa May has set out a "vision of a country that works for everyone - not just the privileged few" as she launched her leadership campaign.
A Michigan man has been charged after a referee was fatally injured when he was hit in the head with a punch during a high school football game.
An 18-year-old woman has been shot dead in the US state of Ohio in what police believe was a "senseless act of violence".
A teenager has been found guilty of plotting to carry out a terror attack after befriending a man with learning difficulties following the death of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist in India has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a news report claiming Muslims had been barred from teaching yoga abroad.
Scientists have measured for the first time the effect of the tides on the surface of Loch Ness.
Families of the victims of the Shoreham Airshow disaster say they are "frustrated" at the decision to postpone a pre-inquest hearing.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines and stealing £112,000 from ATMs in Aberdeenshire.
Australia's former head of the Catholic Church has accused former and current popes of "destroying" the unity of the church by not condemning child sex abuse.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts has told his parent club he wants to leave Celtic and return to his native England with Manchester City.
An engineer who built an insect-like robot out of scrap metal has said he hopes it will inspire others to follow in his footsteps.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a survey.
Pope Francis is about to embark on his first trip to Africa as the head of the Roman Catholic Church.
The new head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he was "politically responsible for what happened" when he was prime minister of Luxembourg.
Laura Muir broke the Scottish record for the women's mile for the first time in her career at the Scottish Indoor Championships in Edinburgh.
Lukas Jutkiewicz came off the bench to rescue an FA Cup third-round replay for Birmingham City against Newcastle United at St Andrew's.
Mark Cavendish said he was "proud of his team-mates" despite missing out on a medal as Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won the men's road race at the Olympic Games in London.
It's hard to believe it's been 19 years since British pop band All Saints were dismissed as "difficult" and "sulky" by the BBC's Top of the Pops producers.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on a place in the ATP World Tour Finals doubles final for the first time.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers across the Isle of Man are being asked to help clean up the island's beaches.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell is under pressure to explain why the National Football League (NFL) is still going strong.
A nurse who filmed himself raping women in the A&E department at a hospital and at a gym has been jailed for 12 years.
Ballyliffin Golf Club in County Donegal will host next year's Irish Open, the European Tour has confirmed.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning scored his first first-class century of the season as Lancashire's bowlers struggled to make an impact on a rain-affected second day of the Roses match at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the milk price it pays to farmers in a bid to ease a dispute over milk prices.
US printer giant HP has apologised for not telling customers their ink cartridges would no longer work if they used unofficial ink cartridges.
Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling will be allowed to sell the team to a new owner after a judge ruled he was not mentally competent to do so, a court has ruled.
A primary school has been closed until Monday after 26 pupils and a supply teacher fell ill with norovirus.
Wales' Presiding Officer has urged people to register to vote in May's local and assembly elections to help tackle a "democratic deficit".
Environmentalists have criticised Royal Dutch Shell for going ahead with plans to drill for oil in the Arctic, saying it could be "environmentally and financially catastrophic".
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, whose "more in common" philosophy has become an international currency.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce punitive response" after the death of a young Israeli man in Jerusalem on the eve of the Jewish new year.
The Republic of Ireland's president is expected to make a decision later on whether to refer a controversial new abortion law to the country's highest court.
Lifeboat crew at the St Abbs lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to return their pagers.
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century on his return to the County Championship as his side dominated day one against Hampshire at The Oval.
Championship club Wolverhampton Wanderers have been sold to Chinese investment group Fosun International.
Competition among birds and bees for nesting sites could explain why some species are struggling to survive in the wild, say scientists.
The Prince of Wales has told officer cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by their forebears", but he is confident they will rise to the challenge.
Premier League champions Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre.
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), the offshoot of al-Qaeda, has become a major security threat to the West after a drone strike in Yemen killed four of its operatives on Tuesday.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray hopes his side can build a winning habit after reaching the Six Nations quarter-finals for the first time since 2000.
The Northern Ireland Tourist Board is "at a crossroads" in an attempt to reverse a decline in visitors from the Republic of Ireland, according to a government review.
"Rodrigo Kelton was one of the best footballers in the world," says the manager of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup in Rio de Janeiro.
A man who was arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs has been released on bail after allegedly taking a synthetic version of the drug MDMA.
Rolling Stones singer Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, saying he will "never forget her".
More than 1,000 new homes could be built in York under plans to build 1,090 new homes a year by 2030.
Zimbabwe's only independent radio station has shut down after receiving no funding from international donors since the country's long-running political crisis.
NHS England needs to ring-fence money intended for children's mental health services in England, NHS providers say, amid concerns about the amount of money being spent.
The family of a Welsh contestant hoping to win this year's Eurovision Song Contest have said he is "putting his town on the map internationally".
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Ryan Hood on a full-time deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
You've been telling us that you want to get active - but where do you go from here?
Women of Africa is a BBC series celebrating the achievements of African women in business.
Two Russian officials have been expelled from the United States after an alleged attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the US says.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes produced a stunning return to international cricket to help his side beat India by one wicket in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
A police force has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found in Northamptonshire.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its legal duty to investigate the killings of civilians by the security forces in Northern Ireland.
In the latest episode of the BBC's Disability Works series, we look at how technology is changing the way we live, work and play.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism over the disappearance of two teenagers thought to have travelled to Syria.
Britain's Chris Scott missed out on the chance to defend his RS:X windsurfing title after finishing second in the final race of the World Cup event in Ibiza.
More than 1,000 servicemen and women have taken part in the annual Freedom of Yeovilton parade.
A man whose car was stolen while he was away on holiday has accused police of telling car thieves to "carry on stealing because there's very little chance you're going to get caught".
Malaysia's richest woman, Khong Swee Siong Hsien Loong, is on a mission to feed 10,000 hungry people a month.
In the wake of the Boko Haram attacks on schools in Nigeria, the BBC's Abubakar Shekau visits religious schools in the north-eastern city of Kano, which are helping to improve the quality of education for children.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning for the cities of Istanbul and Antalya, saying there are "credible threats to tourist areas".
The Conservatives have retained control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
Japan's nuclear disaster was a "manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence" by the government, regulators and the operator of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, an independent panel has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will stand down from the Football Association in June.
NatWest Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned their business customers that they could be charged interest if the Bank of England cuts interest rates below 0.25%.
The government has suffered an "embarrassing defeat" in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday trading rules in England and Wales.
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and force a best-of-seven NBA Finals series decider.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady says his team have a "great chance" of beating Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday.
A County Londonderry bar owner has been fined £3,000 for allowing people to drink alcohol after the death of a man.
A man has been banned from owning animals after being caught on camera eating a fish he had won at a fair.
Albania will have to forfeit their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia after Uefa ruled their match in Belgrade was abandoned because of crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new sponsorship deal with one of the world's biggest energy companies.
Newport County were beaten 2-0 at home by Barry Town in the National League, while Wrexham beat Walsall in the FA Cup first round.
Pakistan will play India in a two-Test series and a World Twenty20 tournament in India in March after the Pakistani government gave its approval.
Birmingham City defender Luke Morrison says Blues boss Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side's "lack of desire" after their 2-1 defeat by Ipswich Town.
Brazilian interim President Michel Temer has said he will restore trust in the country after the Senate voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient Chinese legend about the founding of China's first dynasty can be traced back to an "outburst flood" much earlier than previously thought.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising without a medical licence after allegedly posing as a doctor.
Rafael Nadal is one of the world's most successful tennis players.
Scotland's outdoor snowsports industry enjoyed a record number of skier days during the 2014-15 season, according to industry figures.
Two police officers have been found guilty of drug-dealing after a police investigation.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side need to improve their recent form if they are to avoid relegation from Division One of the County Championship.
A convicted killer who raped and robbed a woman as she walked to a bus station has been jailed for life.
Cornwall head coach Graham Dawe hopes the Rugby League World Cup final will not be moved from Twickenham, but says the future of the competition is uncertain.
US actor Matthew McConaughey has offered to walk students home from the University of Texas at Austin late at night as part of a safety initiative.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring presidential appointees to hand over all state-owned property after they leave office.
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for saying African-American communities in the US are "in the worst shape they've ever been in before".
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died aged 69.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the Aberdeenshire coast.
A legal bid to take a gay cake case to the Supreme Court has been rejected by judges at Belfast's Court of Appeal.
More than 121,000 Labour supporters have been told they will not be allowed to vote in the general election amid claims of "potential Tory infiltration".
The daughter of a US doctor who was violently dragged off a United Airlines flight after refusing to give up his seat says it was "more horrifying and harrowing than what he experienced when leaving Vietnam".
Harriet Harman has said she is concerned about the "extra-judicial killing" of an Aberdeen man who was killed in Syria.
An amateur boxing association in Wales is "not fit for purpose" and should not receive public money, auditors have said.
Three schools in Edinburgh have been temporarily closed over safety concerns after a safety inspection.
A German woman who developed a severe form of blood clots after taking Bayer's Yasminelle contraceptive pill is suing the company over the side effects.
London Underground passengers are being asked to stand on both sides of a busy escalator as part of a trial to reduce queues.
A new compensation fund for people who were exposed to asbestos at work is to be set up under plans announced by the government.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has voted to reject a Republican plan to repeal and replace former US President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law.
Australian art historian Betty Churcher has died aged 86.
Moody's Investor Services, one of the world's largest credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime, Pol Pot and his deputy Nuon Chea, are due to go on trial in a second trial for war crimes.
Richard Branson, the co-founder of controversial Oz magazine, has died aged 94, his wife Julie Clarke Neville has said.
Bristol City have loaned midfielders Jake Moore and Kodi Skalak to Guernsey for a month.
There is no threat to "hard working Polish, Hungarian and other EU citizens who come over here to work", the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A missing cat has been reunited with his owner after being captured by staff at a pet store where he repeatedly set off fire alarms.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling while celebrating a goal has been paid for it by his team-mate.
More than 1,000 takeaway workers have been asked by the Home Office to prove they have the right to work in the UK or face deportation.
Red Bull's Mark Webber beat team-mate Sebastian Vettel to win the Malaysian Grand Prix after a tense battle between the two Red Bull drivers.
Hampshire's new chief constable will be Jo Pinkney, the county's police and crime commissioner has announced.
Belfast bantamweight Paddy O'Connell has become the first Irish boxer to win a European title after beating Russia's Alexander Gadzhimagomedov in the semi-finals of the European Championships in Kiev.
David Brewster's rink will represent Scotland at the European Curling Championships in Braehead after beating Dave Murdoch's team in the final of the World Indoor Curling Championship.
Donegal will hope to continue their impressive recent form when they take on Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland qualifier at Croke Park.
The date of the UK's EU referendum has long been the subject of much debate and much speculation.
Commons leaders have paid tribute to the late Dad's Army creator John Perry during Wednesday's Commons business statement.
Darren Bent says Derby County will go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence" after scoring his first goal of the season as a substitute.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Baftas, the Grammys, New York Fashion Week and the Oscars among the highlights.
Partick Thistle missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership as Ross County held them to a 1-1 draw at Firhill.
Huge explosions have been heard in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, amid reports of heavy artillery fire from Ukrainian government forces.
One of England's largest Roman mosaics, uncovered during an archaeological dig, will be part of a new museum, it has been confirmed.
The idea of giving the Scottish Parliament the power to increase benefits and old age pensions was the most popular policy statement in a BBC Scotland general election poll.
Nigerian economist Dr Akin Adesina has won this year's World Food Prize for his work to improve food security in Africa.
A firearms officer has been disciplined by Police Scotland for carrying a gun while on duty.
The World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has warned that the El Nino weather event is set to be one of the strongest on record.
Scientists in the US say they have successfully grown a kidney in rats, the first time a living organ has been grown in the laboratory.
A US university has won the latest round in a long-running patent battle between Apple and Intel.
A steam train called Tornado is set to start running between Cumbria and Yorkshire.
BBC presenter Anna Wintour is taking part in a Couch to 5k challenge to inspire people to get off their backsides and start running.
A conservation charity has said it needs to "move with the times" if it is to become a national marine centre for Scotland.
Passport exit checks are being introduced for people leaving the UK for the first time, under new rules brought in by the government.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle has confirmed she will retire from gymnastics after failing to win an Olympic medal at London 2012.
Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Luke Pearce for an undisclosed fee.
Pop star Graham McPherson has paid tribute to the "privilege" of being involved in the renovation of a Grade II-listed pier in Hastings.
An Australian woman has been jailed for life for murdering her ex-wife in a "brutal and callous crime".
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs the corporation had not "lost the plot" in paying a senior executive a £1m pay-off.
Hamilton Academical missed the chance to move into the Premiership's top six as they were held to a goalless draw at Kilmarnock.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his team's "attitude and attitude" after they drew 1-1 with Northern Ireland in their final Euro 2016 warm-up match in Belfast.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a Greater Manchester pub.
Former Rangers captain Alex Ferguson insists he is not ready to take charge of the Ibrox side.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for insulting a female colleague.
Australia has expelled an Israeli diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the alleged use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Dubai police officer.
Azerbaijan's highest court has sentenced Leyla Yunus, the head of a prominent human rights group, to seven years in prison for tax evasion and fraud.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea, officials say.
England's women won the Women's Six Nations for the first time with a bonus-point victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in a border town in northern Lebanon, officials say.
Girl Guides and Brownies will no longer have to pledge to "love God" as part of their new oath.
The number of illegal immigrants detained and arrested at the UK ports of Dover and Folkestone has risen sharply, figures show.
Gibraltar is famous for its history, its history books, its museums and its history galleries, but it is about to change the way tourists learn about the Rock of Gibraltar.
Billericay Town have agreed a deal to sell a stake in the non-league football club to ex-England and West Bromwich Albion defender Luke Wright, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Rochdale missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten by Bradford City at Spotland.
A company has been fined £75,000 after a worker was seriously injured when he was hit by a forklift truck at a warehouse in Lincolnshire.
The Irish government failed to meet basic human rights standards in its austerity measures during the recession, according to a new report.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for a national drive to improve education standards in England's primary schools.
A study of the genomes of Stone Age skeletons shows that the Basque people are the closest ancestors of present-day people living in France and Spain.
Burton Albion have released eight players, including goalkeeper Craig McLaughlin, but have offered new deals to eight more.
It's the New Year and 2016 has come and gone.
Welsh Labour will stand up for Jeremy Corbyn if the Conservatives win the general election, a senior Welsh Labour minister has said.
A new sixth form college is to open at Holywell High School in Deeside.
Burnley have signed striker Michael Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre has died in the city of Puerto Vallarta aged 90.
Super League side Featherstone Rovers Red Devils have appointed ex-Wakefield Trinity Wildcats coach Kevin Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by paramedics while suffering from post-partum psychosis could have been saved if there had been a proper response to a cardiac arrest, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing Ivory Coast defender Eric Bailly from Villarreal.
The French government has ordered special security measures to be put in place in countries where Charlie Hebdo magazine plans to publish controversial cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda decided to start their own business, they had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
A new maze has opened in London, and it's named after Sherlock Holmes.
The head of the United Arab Emirates has said he supports the FBI's request for Apple to help it unlock a phone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers.
A state of emergency has been declared in parts of Florida after a toxic algae outbreak.
Broadchurch will not return for any future series, the show's creator has confirmed.
Six people who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers will be prosecuted over the accident, it has been confirmed.
The Ospreys are considering whether to replace head coach Steve Johnson, who is to leave the region at the end of the current season.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester Tigers secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Bath and Clermont flanker Alex Abendanon says he has "changed his mind" about playing for England after moving to France.
The number of people satisfied with the way the National Health Service in England is run has fallen to its lowest level on record, according to a new survey.
It's one of the biggest boxing events of the year - the world heavyweight title fight at Wembley Stadium.
The City of London's special representative to the EU has accused the French of pursuing a "destructive" approach to Brexit talks.
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill took charge of his team for the last European Championship, German fans had to Google his name to find out who he was.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored late goals as Leeds United beat Burton Albion in the Championship.
Alex Hales hit a record-breaking 30-ball century as Nottinghamshire set a new T20 Blast record of 106-0 in the Powerplay against Durham.
A British man has paid for a terminally ill Yemeni girl to be treated in France after raising enough money to pay for treatment in the US.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says Lancashire need to improve after their heavy defeat by Nottinghamshire in the One-Day Cup.
A lifeboat volunteer has been suspended from his post in a dispute over the role of a new crew member.
Fossils of 20 dinosaur embryos, whose lives were cut short by a flood, have been discovered by scientists.
Northern Ireland Under-21s have qualified for the Euro 2016 after beating Spain 1-0 in their opening Group B match.
An investigation into the deaths of seven babies at a hospital in Northamptonshire has found a "shocking catalogue of missed opportunities".
A campaign manager for US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a Florida rally.
Jaguar Land Rover has long been one of the world's best-loved luxury carmakers, with its offroad vehicles ranging from the rugged Defender to the stylish Range Rover Evoque.
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son has told a court she was "stupid" not to go upstairs.
Five people have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to pervert the course of justice over the election of a councillor who lost his seat to the Conservatives.
A migrant camp set up at the Dismaland theme park in Somerset is to be moved to Calais after organisers decided not to send it to the UK.
Rafael Nadal's club Real Madrid say attacks on the world number one tennis player are "unjustifiable and unacceptable".
A US aircraft carrier that President Donald Trump said would be heading to North Korea has arrived in the Western Pacific, but is actually heading to Australia.
The parents of a man who was shot dead outside a wedding in County Down have appeared at Belfast Crown Court charged with his murder.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he is considering closing some of the county's police stations in a bid to cut costs.
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic 6-4 7-5 to reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-3 6-2 victory over the Serb in straight sets.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have moved a step closer after funding was agreed for a traffic study.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Pedro Eduardo from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of runners from around the world have been taking part in the Great North Run in York, Northumberland.
Fleetwood Town manager Paul Collins says he was disappointed not to sign Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford last season.
Sri Lanka's former Defence Minister Gotabhaya Rajapaksa has been charged with corruption over the discovery of an arsenal of weapons off the coast of Colombo.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended his "abhorrent" election campaign ad, saying he thought it was "very funny" and "screamingly funny".
NHS bosses in England have agreed to cap the number of patients that can be given new expensive drugs at £20m a year.
Jordan Clark scored twice as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford at Valley Parade.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex's England Under-19 international Harry Podmore on loan for the start of the new season ahead of their opening County Championship match against Gloucestershire.
Stourbridge manager Gary Hackett says beating League One Northampton Town in the first round of the FA Cup is one of his club's greatest achievements.
Lyon and Besiktas were forced to abandon their Europa League group match after crowd trouble before kick-off at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Thousands of savers who have more than £75,000 in one bank account may not be covered by a compensation scheme, the Financial Services Authority has warned.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman from Norwich City on loan until January.
Prince Buaben has become the latest addition to the Hearts squad as the Tynecastle club announced the signing of the former Carlisle United player.
Wales Under-20s ended their World Rugby U20 Championship campaign with a bonus-point win over Italy in Cardiff.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a man from Dublin have begun a search of a woodlands area.
Boreham Wood have been awarded a £50,000 grant from the Premier League and a grant from Arsenal Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies to improve their Hive ground.
Wales Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new 10-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for next season.
Ed Miliband has defended Labour's pledge to put the interests of business "first rather than risk an EU exit" as he launched the general election campaign.
Leicester Tigers' Anglo-Welsh Cup win over Saracens on Saturday will be the catalyst to kick on in the Premiership, says head coach Shaun Murphy.
Eastleigh missed the chance to move into the National League play-off places after a 1-0 defeat at home to Macclesfield.
Two brothers have been given jail terms of up to five years each for drugs offences, while a third has been given a three-year sentence.
The British-born creator of Yahoo's Summly news-summarisation app has finished his A-level exams and is working on a new version of the service.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is expected to be available for the first time since injuring his hamstring in the 2-0 Premier League defeat by Crystal Palace on Boxing Day.
The Queen can imitate the Norfolk accent, according to her cousin.
A man armed with a gun has surrendered to police after a siege at a West Midlands bank.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed outside a bar in Paisley.
David Scott has resigned as performance director of British swimming following a review into the country's performance at the London 2012 Olympics.
Michael Phelps missed out on a fourth successive 100m freestyle gold as Joseph Schooling retained his 200m individual medley title in Rio.
A primary school coach has applied to be the Football Association's new England manager.
An MP has called for a "complete review" of the Dangerous Dogs Act after the death of a young boy who was mauled to death by a dog.
Former world number one Mark Davis is out of the World Championship after a 10-2 defeat by England's Mark Selby in the first round of qualifying at the Northern Ireland Open.
A 30-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped in north Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff at Porthcawl in Cornwall.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in an electric chair.
The owners of an animalarium in Ceredigion have been fined for selling endangered animals without a licence.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of the most senior media leaders of so-called Islamic State (IS), has been killed, the group has confirmed.
A man who killed his partner by repeatedly punching her in the head after a row at a Dorset railway station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a bus depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT motorcycling event has been named by police as Jim Baker.
Valtteri Bottas could leave Williams to replace Jenson Button at Ferrari next year, BBC Sport has learned.
Bond actor Roger Moore has revealed how he avoided any "deliberate comparison" to his predecessor Sean Connery when he took over the role of James Bond.
Thousands of elderly people in Scotland are being let down by delays in care services, according to a charity which has urged local councils to ensure high-quality services are made an "urgent priority".
People are being asked to send in sightings of wild rabbits and hares across the UK as part of a national survey of mammals.
Four people have pleaded guilty to selling home-reared puppies from a puppy farm for more than £300,000.
Four British men arrested as part of an international investigation into a suspected Islamic State-linked terror group have appeared in court in London.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video service in the UK, offering traditional pay-TV channels for the first time.
Three of the UK's largest online travel websites can now offer discounts on hotel rooms, after the Office for Fair Trading (OFT) lifted an investigation into their pricing practices.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Old Mutual falling sharply after the financial services group reported disappointing results.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats chief executive Gary Carter says the club has had a number of discussions with other clubs about groundshares for 2016 after giving six months' notice about their lease at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Prince William has said he takes his royal duties "very seriously" but accepts he will be criticised for not being fully engaged with royal duties.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is "sorry our league had to endure" after being cleared of 'deflate-gate' by a judge.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
A paramedic who groped a colleague's breast while flirting with her has been banned from the profession for life.
A parish council has said any attempt to close a sports centre would be a "declaration of war" on the area.
The Russian consul general in Athens has been found dead at his home in the centre of the Greek city.
Renault has told the Formula 1 authorities that it will no longer supply engines for next year.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group should be formed to discuss the future of the BBC's headquarters in the city centre.
Two people had to be rescued from a tree after they became tangled in a tree branch while trying to retrieve a dog.
Thieves have targeted an industrial estate in Wolverhampton after a number of break-ins.
An Indian police officer's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has gone viral on social media.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host this year's Children In Need special.
The UK is to extend free trade with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A woman who was paralysed from the chest down and uses a robotic exoskeleton to walk has completed the Great North Run.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide attack on the headquarters of Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security (NDS) in central Kabul, officials say.
Rising house prices in China's capital, Beijing, have forced many young people to move out of their parents' homes to buy their own.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a Lincolnshire village.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation (Nelson Mandela Foundation) has called on South Africa's President Jacob Zuma to step down.
Wales is to ban the use of e-cigarettes in public places such as schools and public places, under controversial new measures announced by health officials.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling should focus on football rather than money.
As the average age of pensioners in the UK approaches 70, the idea of working until you can no longer work is no longer an option.
(Close): US shares closed higher on Monday, lifted by a rise in oil prices and a strong rise in technology shares.
Great Britain will host the European Para-Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired judoka in front of a home crowd on Saturday.
A new hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by health inspectors for how caring its services are.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he respects the Rugby Football Union's decision to replace him with Gregor Townsend.
Germany's data watchdog has ordered Facebook not to share users' personal data with its parent company WhatsApp.
Friends star Matthew Perry has confirmed he will appear in a special of the hit US sitcom in February.
Wales have been praised for their "fantastic performance" at Euro 2016 despite missing out on a place in the final of the tournament.
More than 200 mosques across the UK are to take part in a day of "visit-my-mosques" in a bid to "de-mystify" what Islam is all about.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he is "absolutely committed" to the club and will not be distracted by England's managerial vacancy.
A UK exit from the European Union would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy, G20 finance ministers have warned.
A former soldier who was awarded the Prince of Wales's Gold Medal for bravery in the line of duty has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has come under fire for suggesting gun rights supporters could stop his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton from abolishing the Second Amendment.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign against the Liberal Democrats over their support for higher tuition fees in 2010.
The new anti-slavery commissioner for England and Wales has said he is "extremely concerned" about the growing number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
Sitting for more than 10 hours a day increases the risk of ageing in old age, a study suggests.
Police in Turkey have fired tear gas and water cannon at anti-government protesters in Istanbul and the city of Izmir, where two people have died in clashes.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose strongly in the third quarter of this year, according to official figures.
British author Neil Gaiman has called on the BBC to fulfil its "charter remit" by launching a dedicated books programme.
An MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with raping a member of the public.
A fire broke out at a secondary school while pupils were waiting to collect their GCSE results.
Worcester Warriors full-back Stuart Hogg says the introduction of a 4G pitch will change the way rugby union is played in 2016-17.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed little changed as investors assessed the outcome of the UK's general election.
A hospital in Los Angeles has paid hackers $17,000 (Â£10,000) to restore computer systems which had been locked out by malware.
British eventer Emily Gilruth, who was seriously injured in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials, is "progressing steadily" in hospital, British Eventing has said.
The brother of a Scottish man murdered by Islamic State militants in Syria has called for people to show "humanity" to those affected by extremism.
MPs are to set up a committee to look into whether the job of Commons Clerk should be split between different officials, with former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw to chair it.
A teenage girl who was born on an air ambulance for the first time has become a cabin crew attendant with Scottish airline Loganair.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of "utterly wrong" for comparing the death of Osama Bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks.
Angelina Jolie is to direct and star in a film about Kenyan conservationist John Leakey, about his battle against elephant poachers.
The long-running animated sitcom Family Guy will no longer be shown on BBC Three, the corporation has confirmed.
Wreaths will be laid across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Singer Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are estimated to be worth £730m, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Drug smuggler Howard Marks, known as Mr Nice, has died aged 74.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says he has "no regrets" after his side's dramatic five-run defeat by Middlesex in the County Championship.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney was told last month that the Scottish government would have to balance its books by the end of November.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is not responsible for the decision to remove Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho had a heated exchange of words with Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte on Saturday.
Alloa Athletic manager Dave Goodwin says he is happy to give up his playing career to help the club's promotion push after taking himself out of the team.
Leicester City's decision to sack manager Claudio Ranieri after nine months in charge of Premier League champions Leicester City was met with an outpouring of criticism from fans, pundits and pundits.
An inquest into the death of a man who died from measles has been opened and adjourned after a post-mortem examination was inconclusive.
A neo-Nazi accused of murdering Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he did not think it was "in accordance with Nazi policy" to kill a "race traitor".
MPs have voted to approve Article 50, the bill paving the way for the UK to leave the European Union.
Businesses should be given more time to adapt to changes to business rates in England and Wales, an MP has said.
Dover Athletic maintained their National League play-off push with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Guiseley.
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new contract with the Derbyshire Cricket Club.
Alton Towers fire officers have described the rescue of the victims of the Smiler rollercoaster crash as the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into the rigging of the country's currency, the rand.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future" after failing to reach the 2016 Olympics.
More than 1,000 drivers have been caught speeding on the M4 in Monmouthshire since new cameras went into operation.
More than 1,000 cannabis plants have been seized by police in County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland.
Russia's upper house of parliament is to consider two bills that would allow a Russian-speaking region of Ukraine to become a "subject" of the Russian Federation.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said he is "proud of" the rise in teacher numbers and class sizes in Scotland's schools.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver at knifepoint in the centre of Dundee.
A former Royal Marine has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition.
A new unisex toilet is to be built in a park in the Chinese city of Beijing to ease the problem of women having to wait in line for public toilets, officials say.
Germany has long been famous for scandals involving politicians caught with their pants down.
Tim Peake's mission to the International Space Station (ISS) has been described as the most ambitious ever undertaken by a British astronaut.
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley says manager Pep Guardiola has been a key reason for their recent improvement in form.
The Scottish Football Association has approved plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle.
Brilon is a small, sleepy town in the heartland of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, but the mood in the town is jubilant.
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of "interfering" in Ukraine's internal affairs, ahead of talks with President Vladimir Putin in Sochi.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire.
Wales should move to a reserved devolution model where powers are assumed to rest with the assembly in cases like this, Plaid Cymru has said.
Liam Payne and Niall Horan have confirmed they are staying in One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has been urged to sign into law the country's controversial Safe Abortion Act.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to foreign aid, saying it is "time to give it up".
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed Fulham's Danish international Andreas Christensen on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former Miami Dolphins football player has been rescued after his fishing boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
Troubles victims' families have said they are disappointed with the outcome of a deal between the DUP and Sinn FÃ©in to resolve the legacy of the past.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live music to mark the rise of The Beatles.
British number ones Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the Wuhan Open in China.
Thailand's anti-corruption agency has filed a criminal case against ousted PM Yingluck Shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he wants to be the first prime minister in a generation to "under-promise and over-deliver" after unveiling his "pledge stone".
Councillors have been given the go-ahead to apply for planning permission for a new school campus in the Scottish Borders.
Tributes have been paid to Norman Collier, one of Britain's best-known vaudevillians, who has died aged 88.
Crawley Town moved off the bottom of League Two with a comfortable victory over Leyton Orient at the SSE Arena.
A boy with autism has become "more anxious and closed" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
The fall in the value of the pound since the Brexit vote is likely to "crush consumer spending" and lead to a slowdown in retail sales and retail spending, a think tank has warned.
Street vendors are taking people on guided tours of Edinburgh city centre as part of a new venture.
The families of two prisoners who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a bid for a judicial review against the governor and the justice secretary.
The BBC wants to hear from you about the devastating earthquake that hit Nepal in May 2015.
The Dark Knight Rises, the latest film in the Batman franchise, has been praised by critics, with one calling it "superhero filmmaking on an unprecedented scale" and "a fitting epitaph for the hero Gotham deserves".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Andy Hurst on loan for the rest of the season after he rejected a new deal with the National League club.
The line-up for this year's Bestival has been announced, with a host of female acts.
(Close): London's main share index closed lower, with shares in mining companies among the biggest fallers.
More than 4,000 athletes failed to test for doping at Rio 2016 because of logistical problems with the anti-doping programme, a report has found.
A Muslim-American civil rights group in Washington DC has been evacuated after a suspicious package containing a "powdered substance" was sent to its office.
Tributes have been paid to a mother-of-two who was strangled to death at a house in West Sussex.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, the head of the Metersbonwe clothing company, has gone missing.
The BBC has a reputation for keeping secrets.
An electronic prescribing system for medicines should be introduced in Wales as soon as possible, the Welsh Health Office (WAO) has said.
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after the company reported a sharp fall in half-year profits and raised its target for cost-cutting.
A steam railway group in the Highlands has appealed for help to build a new crossing over a river.
With just over a week to go before the UK votes on whether to stay in the European Union (EU), the German press is urging Britain not to vote to leave.
A nurse who shared sexually explicit messages on Facebook while on duty at a hospital has been dismissed from her post.
Nigeria's first ever musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has defended itself against claims from the music industry that it does not pay enough royalties to artists who use its services.
An elderly woman has been scammed out of nearly £50,000 by scammers pretending to be from her solicitor after her email account was hacked.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have reconstructed the skeleton of one of the world's biggest dinosaurs - the sauropod dinosaur Argentinosaurus huinculensis.
Chile has accused the Venezuelan government of "arbitrary detentions" after it failed to reveal the whereabouts of a journalist being held in Caracas.
Dogs could be banned from beaches in Dumfries and Galloway under proposals being considered by councillors.
(Close): US markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by a strong jobs report that showed the US economy added more jobs than expected in November.
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans are being sought to attend the unveiling of a new memorial to those who served in the RAF during the conflict.
Motorists are being warned to allow plenty of time for their journeys this Easter as millions are expected to take to the roads over the bank holiday weekend.
At least 18 people have been killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany in which the lorry's trailer burst into flames, police say.
Sussex seam bowler Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a stress fracture of his back.
England were beaten by nine wickets by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in Wigan in memory of a teacher who was murdered in her classroom.
Nicola Sturgeon has pledged to work with Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood "in the best interests of our two countries".
A train guard has been threatened and spat at by a passenger on a train in East Lothian.
A court in India's Gujarat state has sentenced a woman to life imprisonment for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in the state.
Bangladesh's home minister has said the seven men suspected of carrying out a deadly attack on Friday had no links to the so-called Islamic State group.
Conor McGregor will be allowed to wear 8oz gloves in his super-fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August.
An Australian court has ruled that internet service providers (ISPs) can reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors prop Tom Flower has avoided a ban from rugby league after being cleared of violent conduct by the Rugby Football League's disciplinary panel for his "reckless" elbow to St Helens' Paul McShane on Saturday.
Nasa has announced that it is going to send humans to Mars.
(Close:) Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after it reported a sharp drop in revenue, but shares in its rival HP rose after it split into two companies.
More than 200 people have been freed from Boko Haram militants in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state, the Nigerian military says.
Israel has postponed a vote on whether to build new homes in two Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem, a planning committee member has told the BBC.
Ajax beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie for the first time since former Ajax player Patrick Kluivert Sr's last game in charge to move level on points with second-placed Feyenoord.
The number of UK house sales fell to the lowest level since October last year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he wants to stay at Oakwell but accepts he will have to make changes if he leaves the League One club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan.
Edinburgh is getting under way as Scotland's largest arts festival gets under way.
A teenage boy who raped and sexually abused five teenage girls he met online has been jailed for 12 months.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced as part of a wider reform of the Roman Catholic Church's finances.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the contest for the party's leadership, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill to grant amnesty to former Prime Minister and ex-leader Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan has said it plans to move some jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for the UK leaving the European Union.
British pole vaulter Greg Rutherford produced a superb display to win the men's long jump at the Great Manchester City Games.
Parents of overweight babies and young children may be "overfeeding" their babies and toddlers too much food, research suggests.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election will be held on 8 May, the Northern Ireland Office has announced.
A breast cancer patient has described being denied a potentially life-extending treatment as "barbaric" as a campaign calls for it to be made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Tranmere Rovers moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a convincing 4-1 win at Dover Athletic.
Blackpool's owners have been ordered to pay compensation to a fan who accused them of making "false, defamatory and threatening" online comments.
Britain's Chris Froome will be crowned Tour de France champion for a third time after finishing second on Saturday's penultimate stage.
Glasgow School of Art, designed by Scottish architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Queen of the South manager Jay Naysmith has thanked Motherwell boss Faddy Thomas for allowing him to leave the club to join Queens Park Rangers.
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Ballymena man Michael McIlhagga.
A salvage team is due to carry out an initial inspection of the stricken oil rig Deepwater Horizon in Stornoway Harbour.
A hoard of World War Two medals has been stolen from a man's home.
All fireworks displays in England should be licensed by the government, a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying to be the party's next nominee for November's election.
Five bishops have been accused of failing to act over a priest's claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar when he was a teenager.
Jockeys are "unhappy" about the prospect of racing on Good Friday, according to the head of the British Horseracing Association.
More women should be appointed to senior public roles and appointments in Wales, according to a new report by a group of MPs.
Arsenal's Mesut Ozil says it is his "preference to stay at the club, once the Gunners' pre-season tour of Australia ends in July.
One of the Paris attackers who carried out the 13 November attacks on the Bataclan theatre has been buried in the city where he grew up, French media report.
Defending champion Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move into a share of the lead going into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship.
Nine-year-old Ruweyda doesn't speak a word of English at school.
Two more bottles of whisky salvaged from the wreck of a cargo ship that sank in 1941 may not have been recorded by the government, it has been suggested.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the "largest Mesolithic encampment ever found in the UK" at a site near Stonehenge.
Every household in the UK would see its income fall by £850 a year in the short term as a result of leaving the European Union, according to researchers.
Championship leaders Leeds United missed out on a place in the play-offs after a 1-0 defeat by Wolves at Elland Road.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has written an essay about how she decided not to fight for more money because she didn't want to seem "difficult" or "spoiled".
The son of a man who was seriously injured when a powerboat capsized off the Hampshire coast has been released from hospital.
Scientists are warning of a potentially hazardous rise in the number of glacial lakes forming on one of the world's largest glaciers.
BBC News looks at some of the stories you might have missed out on this year's BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards.
Pope Francis has granted conditional freedom to a priest who was sentenced to jail after being found guilty of leaking confidential papers from the Vatican.
Star Trek's stars have backed the decision to introduce a gay character in the new Star Trek film, Star Trek Beyond.
The results of the UK general election have been announced, with the SNP holding on to power at Holyrood and the Scottish Conservatives making gains at the Scottish Parliament.
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government's controversial welfare reforms, saying they will help disabled people return to work.
Eugene, Oregon, has defended its right to award the 2021 World Athletics World Championships to Gothenburg, Sweden.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he would not resign from the Conservative Party if the Conservatives go ahead with plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay boosted their National League survival hopes with a hard-fought win over Kidderminster Harriers.
Myanmar's new cabinet minister has been forced to withdraw his fake PhD after he was caught with a fake degree.
A former soldier who shot a rubber bullet into the head of a County Antrim boy could suffer a heart attack if he fails to attend an inquest, a coroner has warned.
The BBC is to scrap its controversial Today at Wimbledon "chat show" format in favour of a more traditional highlights show.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of several hundred thousand pounds after part of a river wall collapsed on to their houses.
A County Armagh solicitor has been jailed for four years for defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner for Manchester United as Hull City's 100% start to the Premier League season came to an end at Old Trafford.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza has resigned after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Judith Pomsel worked as a secretary to Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi propaganda chief during World War Two.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" a Russian "flagrant violation" of its airspace over northern Syria on Saturday.
Swansea City will pay for supporters' tickets for the final two Premier League games of the season against Hull City and West Bromwich Albion.
At least 36 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after being admitted to hospital with suspected blood poisoning should have been diagnosed with sepsis sooner, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council leader has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him from public office.
Cinema chain Curzon is to be honoured at the Bafta Film Awards for its "extraordinary contribution to British cinema".
Braintree Town manager Danny Cowley says his side are ready to embrace their "toughest challenge yet" after Barrow's 2-0 win at Cressing Road.
World number one Angelique Kerber and world number eight Dominika Cibulkova will meet in the final of the Wuhan Open in China on Saturday.
The government is considering selling off social housing worth more than the average London council house to help pay for new homes, Downing Street has said.
Guernsey's table tennis team beat Gotland 3-0 in the final of the Island Games to win their first ever gold medal.
(Close): The FTSE 250 closed higher, with shares in outsourcing firm Carillion leading the way after it announced it had appointed accountants EY to help with its strategic review.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The winner of the latest series of BBC One's The Apprentice, Lord Sugar, has called for a spin-off programme to be made about previous winners of the show.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi's father says he is "less optimistic than he was two or three months ago about his son's recovery after a head-on crash in Japan.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead in a Leeds park.
More than 50 people have been killed in an explosion and fire at an oil pipeline in central Mexico, officials say.
A world champion boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Ten Shropshire and Herefordshire churches have been awarded grants totalling more than £400,000 to carry out repairs to their historic buildings.
At least six people have been killed in a suspected chemical attack on a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, reports say.
Great Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in a dramatic men's singles final to become the first British man to win Olympic gold in tennis.
Arthur the cat is a rescue dog who was abandoned by his owners when he was just a puppy.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they began their first official tour of Canada together.
Wales Air Ambulance has become the first service in the UK to carry incubators on board its helicopters.
A red-tailed eagle has made itself at home at a Perthshire nature reserve after setting up its nest.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to be the new patron of a rape charity.
Holiday firm Thomas Cook's health and safety chief Justin King has revealed a number of "significant shortcomings" in the company's safety management system.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
Luke Donald has been named as the new host of the British Masters at the Grove Golf Club in Woburn.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says he is considering a move to sign former Watford defender Marcus Bignot.
Formula 1 legend Wolfgang von Trips' archive has been shared with BBC Sport as part of the 60th Monaco Grand Prix commemorations.
The head of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US officials say.
A man accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a Rhyl car park has told a court it was a "stupid idea" to film the attack.
Plans to redevelop a former gay pub into flats have been given the go-ahead with a condition it must be a lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender (LGBT) venue.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined Ireland boxers Michael Conlan, Michael Fowler and Joe Donnelly for breaching Olympic betting rules at Rio 2016.
One of David Cameron's cabinet ministers has announced he will campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
As part of Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of Dunkirk took place during World War Two, some 330,000 men were taken to safety from Nazi-occupied northern France, but many never returned to England.
The head teacher of a primary school in Lincolnshire has offered his staff a 'duvet day' a year in a bid to recruit new teachers.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban Russian Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games.
A Powys town's library is to be handed over to a secondary school in a bid to save money.
Thousands of people have fled their homes in Japan after a powerful earthquake struck the same area as a powerful one that hit the country on Thursday.
More than 50 firefighters have tackled a blaze which broke out at a garage in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football captain has appeared in court charged with stealing £572,206 from a County Londonderry quarry.
A new library and community centre has been opened in Carmarthenshire.
Nato has been accused by a leading human rights group of failing to carry out a full investigation into civilian deaths during its air campaign in Libya last year.
A symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled due to security concerns.
A "vertical" pier is to be built in a North Yorkshire town after plans were approved by councillors.
Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah broke the world record for the 10,000m at the IPC World Championships to win the Lisbon Half Marathon.
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has said he hopes to resume talks between the Syrian government and the opposition on Monday.
Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a first badminton world title when the World Championships get under way in Glasgow in August.
A teenager has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the neck with a crossbow bolt at a house in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the US military over its refusal to allow women to serve in combat units.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced he was to step down in July last year, it came as a surprise to many.
Mae'r corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal yng Nghymru, yn dweud bod nifer o'u haelodau yn ei chael hi'n oroesi.
An investigation is under way into why a paging system failed to alert firefighters to a house fire in Suffolk, which took 15 minutes to arrive at the scene.
Sam Warburton says Wales will have to take risks against New Zealand in Saturday's first Test against the world champions in Auckland.
Tranmere moved into the National League play-off places thanks to Cole Stockton's goal against Dover at Prenton Park.
Grimsby moved off the bottom of League Two thanks to goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers in a 2-0 win over Accrington.
Kenyans are facing a long wait to find out the results of the presidential election, as a row between the two leading candidates over whether spoiled ballots should be counted continues.
Russian police have carried out a series of raids against suspected members of Japan's Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Kenya's Lizzie Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's marathon as Bahrain's Nadia Kirwa took silver.
A man from Moray has been reunited with his vintage car for the first time since selling it for Â£15 in 1974.
Britain's Jo Pavey produced a stunning display to win the women's 3,000m title at the World Indoor Championships in London.
The resignation of Jonathan Bell from the Northern Ireland Executive in October 2015 came at a time when the Stormont Executive was in turmoil.
When Peter Morgan strangled his long-term partner Georgina Symonds in her home with orange baling twine on New Year's Eve 2015, she was the woman he had fallen in love with.
A new type of cricket helmet is being developed in the wake of the death of Australian Test player Phillip Hughes in 2014.
Two men wedi cyfaddef ei chael o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus yng nghar ei ddwy ddynes.
Millwall will play Barnsley in the League One play-off final after a 1-1 draw with Bradford at The Den.
A fly-tipper has been fined Â£1,000 after he was caught with a mountain of rubbish he dumped on a busy road.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to lose its skin without leaving a scar.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay a record fine of $38bn (Â£24bn) to China's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) after it was found guilty of breaching anti-monopoly laws.
Morocco coach Herve Renard has won three successive Africa Cup of Nations titles with Zambia, Ivory Coast and Zambia before he takes charge of Morocco for the 2017 finals in Gabon.
Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the best Scotland left-back in the country.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran's Do They Know It's Christmas?
More than half of England's local authorities have no A-level pupils studying in their schools, according to analysis of official figures.
EastEnders has been named best soap at the British Soap Awards, beating Emmerdale and EastEnders to win the top prize.
More than 1,000 cannabis plants have been seized from a disused warehouse in Dumfries and Galloway.
The deportation of a Bangor university student would be "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students Wales has said.
Police are being asked to investigate claims a Cardiff college may have conspired with prospective students to defraud the student finance system.
A Canadian man has been arrested after allegedly trying to smuggle drugs across the US border using a stolen California driver's licence.
A piece of space debris found washed up on the Isles of Scilly has been declared as part of a US rocket company's "responsible steward" duties.
The mother of missing Florida toddler Caylee Anthony has spoken publicly for the first time since being found guilty of murdering her.
The South Korean government says it has recovered wages paid to workers at a jointly-run North Korean industrial zone at the centre of a long-running dispute.
Manchester City have been fined Â£100,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about player training sessions and player whereabouts.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with raping a boy under the age of 12.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire say they are worried about their festive spending, according to a BBC survey.
England missed the chance to top their Euro 2016 group as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia by manager Roy Hodgson.
A student who lost her right hand in a nightclub said she hopes someone will find it.
Pako Ayestaran has been named as the new head coach of Valencia, replacing sacked former England defender Gary Neville.
A dog that was deliberately shot in the head with a crossbow bolt has made a "miraculous recovery", the RSPCA has said.
The White House says it has "high confidence" that sensitive personal data of US government workers has been accessed by hackers who breached security clearances.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, is calling for the country's state pension age to rise to 69.
Premiership side Bath have signed three forwards from Premiership rivals Gloucester for the new season.
Netherlands' Marianne Vos won the second stage of the Women's Tour of Britain as Wiggle High5's Amy Pieters retained the overall title.
The M1 motorway in County Armagh has reopened after a lorry was involved in a head-on collision with a car on Tuesday morning.
The full list of contenders for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be revealed on Tuesday.
The appointment of a new Northern Ireland Executive press secretary has led to criticism from opposition politicians.
Two youths have been treated in hospital after being burned by a bonfire fire in Stirling.
Tennis remains one of the world's most popular sports, with the likes of Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Andy Murray and Andy Murray among the biggest names in men's tennis.
A search is under way for the remains of a Gower village which was destroyed by the sea in the early hours of Christmas Day.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
Iranian forces have launched a major offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria, after the US-backed Syrian government announced it had begun air strikes against the militant group.
England's Ian Poulter will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
It's easy to see why the general election campaign has become a series of photo ops, photo ops and photo ops.
Two Welsh cities have launched their bids to become the next UK City of Culture.
Lloyds Banking Group is no longer fully owned by the UK government.
A powerful typhoon has made landfall in China's eastern Zhejiang province, bringing torrential rain and high winds.
UK scientists have created a set of DNA-like molecules that can copy the instructions of DNA and copy them back to their natural counterparts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu of the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, examines the current political fever sweeping the country.
More than 200 people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota over the Dakota Access Pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who was missing for six days after his parents abandoned him in a remote mountainous area has been found alive and well.
A British airman who carried the Olympic flame with the Pilgrim Bandits has been nominated for a friend request on Facebook but has been told he cannot have more than one.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is adapting well to life away from home after joining Newcastle United.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a major Mexican drug trafficking network.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Joe Yates on loan for the rest of the season.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region, according to a report from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have seized control of Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants as they continue to battle for control of western Mosul, Iraqi forces say.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International has made a record bid to buy Portuguese healthcare firm ESS from the family behind the Espirito Santo family.
"If you want to understand why cancer is so hard to treat, you just have to look at Darwinian evolution."
Worcestershire's Joe Clarke scored his first century of the season to help his side beat Derbyshire by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Saracens captain Brad Barritt says they are ready to "write a new chapter" in the club's history after winning back-to-back Premiership and European Champions Cup titles.
The wife of a millionaire "murdered" by his wife in Ukraine tried to claim his assets within days of his death, an inquest has heard.
The Belfast Telegraph, the News Letter and the Belfast Telegraph are among the papers to feature on Sunday's front pages.
Shakespeare is famous for writing some of the world's most famous plays, such as Hamlet and Hamlet.
A Scottish woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has woken from a coma.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad Plaid Cymru "ddim yn cefnogi Brexit eithafol".
Jockey Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury, but hopes to return to the saddle soon.
Plans for a travellers site in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
A court in Spain has begun hearing the trial of former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Dominique Rato and two former Bankia board members accused of tax fraud.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "very honoured and flattered" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
The former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (PUP), William "Plum" Smith, has died.
Three cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after testing positive for doping.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US will be a "good partner" to Egypt's new president, as she arrived in Cairo for talks with Muslim Brotherhood leaders.
The partner of a man who was found dead at the bottom of a disused quarry in Bedfordshire has said she is "angry at the situation".
Nato has expressed concern over reports that Russia has deployed cruise missiles to its eastern territory of Kaliningrad.
Wigan Warriors have signed Leeds Rhinos prop Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United missed the chance to move level on points with League Two leaders Plymouth Argyle after being held to a goalless draw by Newport County.
A new system has been launched to allow trainee doctors in Scotland to experience what it is like to work as a GP.
Film-maker Keanu Reeves talks to the BBC about his new documentary, Side by Side, which features interviews with some of the world's most influential directors and cinematographers.
A peacock "photobombed" a photographer at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United's new owner Massimo Cellino says he will not allow any of his players to live outside of the city next season.
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish fashion retailer H&M has announced plans to open a new High Street fashion brand, with the first stores to open in London in July.
More than 1,000 entries are being sought for a new class of giant tomato at a flower show in North Yorkshire.
An online video-streaming service has scored three nominations at this year's Bafta Children's Awards.
Belgium's Club Brugge, Benfica and Besiktas secured their first league titles in 14 years, while Marseille and Stuttgart were relegated from the Bundesliga.
The Bank of England has launched its annual stress test of the UK's banks to assess their ability to withstand a new financial crisis.
Paris St-Germain have signed centre-back Marquinhos from Serie A rivals Roma for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been charged over the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M25 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed after a fire broke out at a house in Dumfries and Galloway.
The mother of a British man who admitted trying to shoot US presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "terrified" of his sentence.
Online publishers have expressed concern that they could be legally bound to Apple's forthcoming news app unless they agree to its terms.
Legislation is needed to deal with cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have died had he not taken it, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people had to be evacuated from their homes after a suspected arson attack on a house in West Lothian.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes against militants in the country's north-western tribal region near the Afghan border.
A judge has ordered the Trump Tower in New York City to release the names of all visitors who have visited President Donald Trump since he took office.
More than 100 new species have been discovered in the Mekong Delta in South East Asia in the past year, according to conservationists.
A man has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting a woman in a Kent street.
Miniaturised electrodes could be used to hack the nerves of the body to treat diseases such as diabetes, according to researchers.
A motorcyclist has died and a young boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash involving a car and a motorcycle in east London.
Police have appealed for help to trace a missing Ayrshire man who has been missing since Saturday.
MPs have voted to recognise Nicola Sturgeon as the leader of the opposition following a request from the SNP.
An activist investor has pulled out of the stock market's formal takeover process for Scottish investment firm Alliance Trust.
Edinburgh missed a late drop-goal attempt in a dramatic overtime defeat by Munster in a pulsating Pro12 encounter at Murrayfield.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Marks and Spencer falling sharply after reports that the company is in talks over a possible merger with Tesco.
Oil and gas prices have risen sharply after Russia cut gas supplies to Ukraine, sparking fears of further disruption to Europe's energy supply.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says defender Christophe Berra is the best in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to come up with a single design for the 2017 car's aeroscreen.
Lithium could hold the key to how the body shields itself from the effects of ageing, according to researchers at the University of London.
More than 100 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in south-east London are due to be transferred to Devon, the BBC understands.
Venezuela's Vice-President Manuel Isturiz has said he will not call a recall referendum against President Nicolas Maduro.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised plans to extend the Premiership season from nine months to 10.
A yellow "be aware" wind warning has been issued for Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 70mph and possibly 80mph forecast.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai has said she will "never forget" the 219 schoolgirls who were abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria in April 2014.
Derbyshire's batsmen adapted well to the new pink ball as Glamorgan's bowlers proved too much for the Derbyshire batsmen on a rain-affected opening day at Derby.
A man who was found dead near a mosaic in London's Hyde Park has been named by police.
A new passenger ferry was withdrawn from service on the Stornoway-Ullapool-Stornoway service after an engine room problem with its new engine room fan.
A rape victim has written to the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPS) Alison Saunders asking for an urgent review of the case of alleged rapist Leon Brittan.
Tunisia and Morocco say their long-running dispute with the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has finally come to an end after qualifying for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
England were knocked out of the World Cup in the quarter-finals as France produced a stunning attacking display to beat them at Twickenham.
Great Britain Taekwondo has offered a scholarship to teenage brother Luke, who will compete at the Austrian Open in May.
More than 200,000 people have signed a petition calling for a judge who sentenced a Stanford University swimmer to jail time for sexual assault to be removed from office.
The Yorkshire Sculpture Park is to build a new visitor centre as part of a £1.8m redevelopment of the site.
Scotland's newspapers published their first editions of the Holyrood election at 03:00 on Thursday morning.
Police are investigating a suspected deliberately-set fire which destroyed a building site in Newport.
Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Luke Murphy on loan for the rest of the season, subject to international clearance.
Former North Wales Police chief constable John Anglesea is to appeal against his child sex abuse conviction, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers Union (NFU) has voted to back staying in the European Union in the referendum on 23 June.
French actress Michele Morgan, who won a Cannes Film Festival award in 1946 for her role in La Symphonie Pastorale (Pastoral Symphony), has died aged 94.
The leaders of EU member states have agreed a set of measures aimed at halting the migrant crisis in the Mediterranean.
The opening of a new bridge over the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017, MSPs have been told.
A new sinkhole has opened up on a Manchester street, the latest in a series of holes to appear in the city centre.
A new university campus has been officially opened in North Yorkshire.
Work is under way to restore part of the Swansea Canal as part of a long-running restoration project.
Gourmet burger chain Gourmet Burger Kitchen has been bought by the owner of Nando's for an undisclosed sum.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game ban by the Scottish Football Association after being charged over an on-pitch bust-up with Greenock Morton assistant manager Jim Duffy.
England are through to the World Twenty20 semi-finals for the first time with a thrilling seven-run win over Sri Lanka in Delhi.
It's one of the world's most ambitious video game projects.
Bradley Wiggins has become the first British Olympian to win an Olympic gold medal as he rode to victory in the cycling time trial, while Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won the women's pair race.
Great Britain's hopes of reaching the America's Cup challenger round have been dented by a second successive defeat at the World Cup Qualifiers in Bermuda.
The head of British and Irish Rugby Union (BARU) Barry Browne and the head of the Pro12's executive committee, Barry Dodson, had a lot to say about the future of rugby union in the Pro14.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of Britain's most famous scientists and one of its most famous correspondents.
Leinster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Munster thanks to a bonus-point win over Scarlets at the RDS.
Shakespeare's 400th birthday is to be marked with a series of events around the world, as part of a global commemoration of the Bard's work.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn) in federal funds to help police forces across the US after the Ferguson riots.
Bombardier's new CS300 jet will be delivered to the Canadian Air Force on 1 July, the company has announced.
Los Angeles police have defended their decision to shut schools in the city after receiving a threat that a gunman would target high schools.
Northern Ireland Under-19s were beaten 2-0 by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Women's U19 World Cup at Mourneview Park on Tuesday.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner for the rest of the season.
Virgin Media has admitted it "misreported" the number of homes and businesses connected to its Project Lightning superfast broadband scheme.
Arriva Trains has been forced to temporarily stop some of its high-speed trains while maintenance work is carried out.
David Cameron must "keep his promise" to cut net migration to 100,000 if he wins the EU referendum, a cross-party group of MPs has said.
The director of a controversial 1980 play about the attempted rape of a young man by a Roman soldier, Boris Bogdanov, says he felt like he had been caught up in a "huge juggernaut".
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a "mad" cheese run up a street in Shaftesbury, Bedfordshire.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has become the first billionaire to give away all of his shares in the company to charity, donating them to his foundation.
One of the candidates to replace Paul Nuttall as UKIP leader has said he will not back the anti-Islam campaigner Diane Waters in the party's leadership race.
It is not unusual for Olympic athletes to take time off from training to have a baby, but it is unusual for them to race at the same time.
Lithuania's Natasija Meilutyte set a new European record in the 100m freestyle to qualify for the final of the World Championships.
Bristol City moved to within three points of the League One play-off places as they beat Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the Wales squad for breaching rugby union's code of conduct.
UK manufacturers are increasingly worried about the impact of leaving the European Union, according to a survey of business leaders.
West Ham fans have voted overwhelmingly in favour of playing a charity game at Upton Park against Manchester United Ladies.
People on benefits in Scotland are "living in constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlements and are already suffering from the effects of cuts taken from Scottish welfare spending, according to a study.
Two accountants who were banned from the Oscars after handing the wrong envelope to presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway have been given police protection.
A community organiser has said Tata Steel's decision to change the way it runs its European operations raises "questions about long-term investments".
Theresa May has said she would like to see the issue of UK citizens living in Europe and European citizens in the UK dealt with in the early part of Brexit talks.
Russia has shared with the European Union a list of 89 people it says it has banned from entering the country because of sanctions imposed over the Ukraine crisis.
Two rival street gangs in Honduras say they have agreed to end their long-running turf war.
GoPro's chief executive has announced plans to release a quadcopter drone.
Plans to cut home-to-school transport subsidies for primary school pupils in Northamptonshire have been put on hold after councillors voted against them.
Tiger Woods is returning to the PGA Tour for the Dubai Desert Classic on the European Tour, but it is another Spaniard who will be hoping to earn European Tour membership in time to represent Europe in the 2018 Ryder Cup.
Council funding cuts in England could push some local authorities "to breaking point", a committee of MPs has warned.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce and Newcastle counterpart Rafael Benitez say they will go "right to the wire" to avoid Premier League relegation.
Snooker star Mark Selby has been fined and ordered to repay £1,600 after he failed to send a snooker cue to a fan.
A woman accused of child sex offences against a 15-year-old girl in Wrexham has had the case against her dropped after prosecutors said there was "no realistic prospect" of conviction.
Samsung, LG and Samsung Electronics have become the latest phone manufacturers to issue security updates for the Android mobile operating system.
A woman who killed her unborn baby by taking a drug which caused strong contractions has been jailed for six months.
England completed a four-wicket win over West Indies in the fifth and final one-day international to complete a 2-0 series victory in Antigua.
British heptathlon record holder Kelly Sotherton says she would be "open to the discussion" of scrapping world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol, Bristol and Weston-super-Mare have gone on a "black alert" because of high demand.
David Cameron has said he hopes to work "very closely" with China in the future despite reports he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister scored a late equaliser to earn Eastleigh a 1-1 draw with Aldershot at Eastleigh.
More than 30 cars have been targeted by vandals in a series of targeted attacks in the north of Edinburgh.
At least six people have been killed in severe flooding in New South Wales (NSW), Australia's most populous state, after days of torrential rain and high winds.
New York-based company Final Frontier Design is hoping to be the first company of its kind to design a space suit.
Police in Italy have accused a mafia clan of running a "money printing operation for organised crime" at a migrant centre in the south of the country.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife by shooting her in the head and posting a picture of it to Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Gareth Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The number of private ambulances being used by the London Ambulance Service has more than doubled since 2011, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
India's Supreme Court has reserved a verdict in a long-running tax case against British telecoms giant Vodafone.
Manchester United legend Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is one of the most successful managers in the history of the Norwegian football club Molde, but how will he fare in England?
Asian shares were lower on Monday after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided not to cut interest rates to try to stimulate the economy.
An independent mediator will be needed to "reset working relationships" between key stakeholders involved in the controversial Casement Park stadium project, a report has recommended.
A bicycle hire scheme aimed at getting people out of their cars and off their bikes in Dumfries and Galloway has been dropped.
Tributes have been paid to British holidaymaker Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisian beach attack.
A North Korean man who was being held in Malaysia over the death of Kim Jong-nam has said he has no evidence to support his claim he was responsible for the killing.
Two teenage boys who carjacked a vicar and stole her handbag while she was leaving church have been detained.
Scotland fly-half Nick Hamilton has retired from international rugby with immediate effect.
England's Greg Lewis won gold in the men's pole vault at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games as Australia's Chris Cutts claimed the bronze medal.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has deleted all references to Harambe the gorilla from its Twitter account.
China's annual economic growth rate slowed to 6.8% in 2015, official figures show, down from 7% in 2014.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-sulphur battery which can be charged and discharged several times as well as discharged.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players not to leave the Premier League champions this summer.
The first woman to be ordained as a bishop in the Church of England has been named as Anne Lane by the General Synod.
Oldham Athletic came from behind to beat 10-man Wigan Athletic in the FA Cup first round at Boundary Park.
Swindon Town have been left with no-one in their squad for Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Plymouth Argyle, with striker Jordan Houghton being sent off.
An investigation into the police response to the death of a woman at her home in Fife is to be carried out by the police watchdog.
Henley-on-Thames has become the first town in England to have its postbox painted gold as part of the Royal Mail's Olympic gold medal celebrations.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong after a dramatic final day of the first Test at The Oval.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted to accept a deal to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
The Forth Road Bridge is to be closed to traffic in both ways at 22:00 to mark 50 years since it opened to traffic.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested that the US might no longer be a reliable ally of Nato if he wins the election.
Flood experts are calling for pilot schemes to be rolled out across the country to reduce the risk of flooding.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann will miss Sunday's La Liga game against Real Madrid with a foot injury.
An airgun was used to shoot a gull which was found dead on an industrial estate in Dumfries and Galloway.
Asian shares were mostly higher on Friday, following a strong finish on Wall Street, where shares closed higher on Thursday.
At least 20 Dalit men have tried to take their own lives in the western Indian state of Gujarat, police say.
Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan have become the latest victims of the phone hacking scandal to settle their civil action against News International.
Scientists have worked out how monarch butterflies use their internal compass to navigate from Mexico to Canada using the Sun.
The University of Aberdeen has unveiled a new supercomputer which it says is the most powerful in the world.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it.
An RAF couple are hoping to sell a Gulf War-era plane they bought as a scrap metal "caterpillar" to raise money for charity.
A councillor has been chosen as the new leader of Birmingham City Council's Labour group.
Surfers have been taking advantage of a record-breaking wave surfing swell created by Storm Imogen off the British coast.
Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku both scored twice as Belgium beat Norway in their final Euro 2016 warm-up game in Belo Horizonte.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to life in Scotland's top flight.
Northern Ireland graduates are leaving the country "en masse" because of a lack of jobs, according to Ulster University.
Work has begun to move a huge protective shield to cover the damaged Chernobyl nuclear reactor at the site of the world's worst nuclear disaster.
A police investigation into a suspected hit-and-run crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome was knocked off his bike has been closed.
From April 2015, local councils in Northern Ireland will be able to make their own planning decisions, meaning they will have more powers than ever before.
A fire which destroyed a former mill in Bradford has prompted a call from Historic England to preserve West Yorkshire's historic textile mills.
Cambridge City Council has said it has no concerns about the weight of bunting being used to decorate the city's streets for the Tour de France.
A senior Hindu religious leader in India has come under fire for saying that allowing women to pray inside a Hindu temple could increase the number of rape incidents.
A mother has told a court how her daughter burst into tears when she found a mobile phone stored under the name "Waleed".
A father has told how he ran to the aid of a newborn baby girl found dead in a bus stop in Conwy county.
The owner of a Dorset Indian restaurant was questioned by the Border Agency about her right to work after a member of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) failed immigration checks.
An Antarctic research vessel that ran aground off the coast of Antarctica on Thursday has been towed to safety by a barge, but no crew members remain on board.
Four people have died after a yacht capsized off the County Antrim coast.
Santander and Deutsche Bank have failed annual US bank stress tests, while American Express and Citigroup have passed.
An appeal to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £300,000.
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit after making a profit for the first time in its history.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says it would be a "massive mistake to get complacent and think the job is done" after qualifying for Euro 2016.
Irish ministers are in Wales for talks about the Irish border after the UK leaves the European Union.
An unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in the Australian state of New South Wales.
Scotland's world number one seed Lauren Adderley won the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh for a record seventh time.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson has resigned from his seat to become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
At least two police officers have been killed in a suspected suicide attack in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, officials say.
The proportion of pupils going on to a positive destination has reached its highest ever level, according to new figures.
British cosmologist Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a "near certainty" of disaster in the next thousand or ten thousand years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Brian Harman will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the US Open.
Women who wear headscarves are four times as likely to be called for a job interview in Germany as compared with those who do not, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about having to make up ground in the title race after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Hundreds of thousands of people have marched through the Mexican capital, Mexico City, calling for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Two teenagers and a man have been arrested in connection with crowd trouble at the Aberdeen v Celtic match at Pittodrie.
A pensioner has been jailed for life for raping a woman he met through a dating website.
The number of young people owning their own home in England has fallen to its lowest level on record, council leaders have warned.
The family of a soldier who died at an army base in Surrey have won a fresh inquest into his death.
Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew, one of the country's founding fathers, has become embroiled in a bitter family feud over the level of tributes paid to him at his centenary commemorations.
Three Dundee students have designed a bag which plays a voice message when you take a credit card out of it and tells you to put it back.
Two men have been charged with historical child sex abuse at a former boarding school.
Harlequins have signed lock Alex Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps for next season.
Worcestershire's County Championship opener against Kent has been postponed because of a frozen pitch at New Road.
More than 1,200 people have been rescued after a passenger ferry caught fire off the Balearic Islands, causing it to sink.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested over the murder of a man in County Antrim.
A north Wales meat company has been fined £15,000 after being found guilty of breaching food safety laws.
When Jacques Godin's family was wiped out by World War Two, his parents lost their entire savings.
Anyone who bought a Lotto ticket in Denbighshire has been urged to come forward to claim a £1m prize.
The French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has admitted selling rescue supplies to migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
UKIP Scotland leader Tom Coburn has said he would do his "best" to lead the party if asked by colleagues.
Eddie Redmayne says his latest role in a period drama about Einar Elbe is the "most sensitive role" he has played.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was beaten 4-3 by Mark Holt in the first round of the Welsh Open in Cardiff.
London Underground passengers with medical conditions such as cancer are being asked to wear badges to warn fellow passengers of their condition on the service.
Featherstone Rovers and Wakefield have both been banned for two years after being found guilty of doping by UK Anti-Doping.
More than 100 churches have been shut down in the Nigerian city of Lagos after residents complained about the level of noise they made.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Irish Premiership with a late goal from Mark Haughey.
Doctors must do more to talk about dying and bereavement with patients and their relatives, according to the Dying Matters Coalition.
Rangers International Football Club plc will begin trading on the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday after raising £22.2m in a share issue.
The Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir has banned lavish weddings in Indian-administered Kashmir.
Adrian Gill, one of the most controversial writers of his generation, has died aged 67.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City academy manager Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never been afraid to buck the trend.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that suggests Galloway may have been the "heartland" of a lost Dark Age kingdom.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are tied for the lead going into the final round of the Travelers Championship at Bay Hill.
Annan Athletic midfielder Omar Al-Hakim hopes his Scottish Cup heroics will help his local club reach the fifth round of the Scottish Cup.
Councils across England and Wales are planning to raise council tax to pay for social care, research suggests.
A patient transport company boss has said he is "aggrieved" after claims he has not been paid for six months.
Lyon Ladies have signed US striker Alex Morgan from Women's Super League One side Seattle Reign for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's Bianca Cheshire missed out on a first World Cup slopestyle medal of her career after a crash in the qualifying round at the Snowboard Mountain World Cup in California.
British bantamweight champion Nicola Adams says she hopes to win the right to box longer rounds after the WBC announced it will never allow three-minute bouts in women's boxing.
Sevilla remain on course to become the first team to win the Europa League three times after holding FC Lviv to a 1-1 draw in their Europa League semi-final first leg.
The commander of US forces in Ukraine, General Philip Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military build-up in Crimea poses a threat to the entire Black Sea.
When you're a child, you dream of the moments when you have to do everything you can to make your parents proud.
Ludwig the dog has been given the chance to show off his musical side at a concert in London's West End.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "playing fast and loose with the political process and the political institutions".
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down following a damning report into the force's handling of the Rotherham child abuse scandal.
The number of people with type 2 diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Poland Under-21 defender Tomasz Grzelak on a short-term deal.
Up to a quarter of free-to-use cash machines in the UK could be lost if a dispute over fees is not resolved.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak received $681m (Â£470m) from the Saudi royal family to help him win May's election.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not let the near-fatal brain injury he suffered in his last fight affect his performance when he defends his British middleweight title against Liam Doran on Saturday.
More than 1,300 life jackets have been seized by Turkish police after the bodies of several migrants were washed up in the Aegean Sea, reports say.
Southend United's assistant manager has been given a suspended prison sentence after a pitch invasion at the League One club's ground.
British number one seeds Chris and Gabby Adcock have retained the English Open men's doubles title.
Shrewsbury missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Chesterfield.
Poland forward Robert Lewandowski was taken to hospital after an apparent collision with a Romanian police officer during a World Cup qualifier in Romania.
Kids in Australia are being asked to design 3D-printed versions of national parks as part of a national park redesign competition.
An agreement in principle has been agreed to end a long-running dispute over the national minimum wage on ferry services to the Northern Isles.
Ospreys will be boosted by the return of fly-half Samu Vunipola from injury for their Pro12 game against Scarlets at the Principality Stadium on Boxing Day.
Kempton jockey Gary Ackerman has had his ban from horse racing reinstated after losing an appeal against his disqualification.
Nato has formally ended its combat mission in Afghanistan, 10 years after it began fighting the Taliban in the country.
Two refugees have been praised for saving the life of a far-right German politician who was hit by a car while taking part in an anti-immigrant march.
A man has died and three people have been injured in a head-on crash in Nottinghamshire.
Wales needs to see a "dividend" from the UK leaving the European Union if the prime minister does not listen to devolution, the first minister has said.
Former England all-rounder Paul Downton has been named as the new head of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB).
The parents of a man who died when he was hit by a speeding driver have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been rescued after being found wandering around a house in the Drumcree area of Londonderry.
Greece has submitted a list of reforms to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) as part of its bailout deal with its international creditors.
A public vote is being held to decide what should be done with Gloucester's former Gloucester Prison.
Radio 1 DJ Fearne Cotton has presented her final show on BBC Radio 1, saying: "I will walk out of here with so many amazing memories."
Bath and England scrum-half Tom Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union after his red card against Wasps in the Six Nations.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham moved to the top of the National League with a comfortable victory over Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game called "bo" has been discovered in an ancient tomb.
Rangers defender Bruno Alves says he would have joined the Ibrox club even if they had not missed out on European football this year.
China's inflation rate eased slightly in September, official figures show, but producer prices continued to fall, adding to fears of a slowdown in the economy.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" with how long it has taken defender Jazz Richards to recover from a broken leg.
A test flight of Virgin Galactic's new space plane has crashed into the Mojave Desert, killing one of its pilots and injuring another.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has declared victory over so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul.
Honey bees are being harmed by a number of common pesticides, research suggests.
A new centre of excellence in marine energy research is to be created in County Londonderry after a £40m grant from the European Union.
Egyptian archaeologists say they have discovered "anomalous" temperatures in some of the country's pyramids, as part of a project to scan the remains of three ancient tombs.
A cordon has been set up after a suspected unexploded World War Two bomb was found at a disused quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and attempted sale of model Liz Ayling.
Prank TV shows have become an increasingly popular phenomenon in the Middle East and North Africa, but they have also come under fire for taking things too far.
General Motors (GM) has announced plans to invest $1.5bn (Â£1bn) in its Oshawa plant in Ontario, Canada, over the next five years.
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been laid to rest at the city's Etobicoke Cemetery.
A fox cub cub has been rescued from the engine bay of a locked car in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scotland's distinctive Scots accent is flourishing, despite fears it is dying out, according to researchers.
More than £7m has been raised to save a Grade II-listed cathedral in Surrey from demolition.
House of Cards star Robin Wright has revealed how she fought for equal pay, after discovering she was being paid less than her male co-star Kevin Spacey.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Tuesday, as investors digested mixed earnings reports from Tiffany's and Adobe.
MPs have called for an end to unpaid internships as part of a drive to improve social mobility.
Scotland's first offshore wind farm in the North Sea has been awarded funding from the Scottish government to help reduce the cost of energy.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were hidden in the back of a van she and her partner were travelling in when they were stopped by border officials in Calais.
Fidel Castro, the former leader of Cuba's revolutionary government, brought revolution to the western hemisphere's first Communist state.
Alastair Cook will be "one of the greatest batsmen in the world" after leading England to victory over India, says Australia captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has called for airgun licensing "as a matter of urgency" after a cat was shot in the head with a pellet in Aberdeenshire.
A rainbow flag has been flown in Belfast ahead of a gay pride event.
A Labour MEP is to leave his post as a European Parliament member to take up a top post at a global business body.
Hackers claim to have stolen Game of Thrones scripts and other material from HBO.
Police have launched an investigation into allegations against the children's charity Kids Company in north London.
British actor Morgan Freeman is to be honoured with the American Film Institute's (AFI) lifetime achievement award.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of a terrorist organisation.
Royal Bank of Scotland has failed a stress test of eurozone banks to see how they would fare in the event of a major economic shock.
A chain ferry service on the Isle of Wight has been changed to stop passengers and vehicles disembarking at the same time.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats prop Paul Simon has signed a new contract to stay with the Super League club until June 2019.
A new divorce form asks for the name of the "third party" you believe your husband or wife has committed adultery with.
One of Scotland's most famous seagulls has returned to a nature reserve in the Highlands.
Have you ever worried you might lose your mobile phone?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has blamed US presidential candidate Donald Trump's election victory on Jewish voters in New York.
London Underground has apologised after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station.
More than 1,000 detainees in Egypt are being sexually abused by police, intelligence officers and members of the military, according to the Egyptian Human Rights Watch (HRW).
Leigh Griffiths admits Celtic's season has been a roller-coaster ride of highs and lows.
UK unemployment has fallen to its lowest rate since the depths of the financial crisis, official figures show, but wage growth slowed in November.
Derren Brown's "self-asphyxiation" segment on a UK TV show was unsuitable for a pre-watershed transmission, a watchdog has ruled.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the 50m breaststroke to retain his 50m title at the World Championships in Budapest.
A freckle on the finger of a man called Shannon McCoole was the key to the arrest of a childcare worker who ran a paedophile website from his home in Australia.
What would you want to do when you wake up on Mars?
A Canadian man has been charged with attempted murder after a series of pipe bombs were found at law firms in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
The bodies of four Egyptian journalists who were kidnapped in eastern Libya have been found, officials say.
Scotland's Helen Lucas won the World Para-Sailors' Cup Series with a dominant display at the Sailing World Cup in Bermuda.
Universities could be forced to offer students a legally binding contracts to ensure the quality of their courses if Labour wins the general election, says Universities Minister Jo Johnson.
India has condemned Pakistan's decision to sentence an Indian navy officer to death for spying.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in the Somali capital Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been threatened with a knife during a burglary at a house in Londonderry.
More than 1,000 people have been prosecuted for dog fighting in England and Wales since April last year, according to the League Against Cruel Sports.
More than 65 people have appeared in court in Myanmar's northern state of Rangoon, accused of taking part in an illegal protest march.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has defended a decision to allow a female governor to sit in the same room as male members of its governing body.
A "manipulative and depraved sexual predator" who raped a woman for 10 years has been jailed for 12 months.
Morecambe came from behind to beat Cambridge United and move off the bottom of League Two.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested by police in County Londonderry as part of an investigation into organised crime.
Cardiff City striker Edwyn Jones is a doubt for Sunday's home game with Preston North End after being ruled out for the rest of the season with injury.
Six teaching unions have called on the government to give teachers in England and Wales a pay rise.
A test for shale gas drilling in Lancashire has been halted after a small earthquake was felt by at least one person.
The Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh has opened an exhibition of works by the 17th Century painter Michelangelo da Caravaggio.
Apple has turned on its new two-step verification system for iPhone and iPad owners who use its iCloud back-up service.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed while covering the conflict in Syria, is suing President Bashar al-Assad's government.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed by his mother's pet dog while she was holding him in her arms, an inquest has heard.
Scotland's sport budget is to be cut by 20% from next year, according to sport chiefs.
Women who are overweight or obese should try to be an ideal weight before they become pregnant, according to a study published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine.
A hoard of Bronze Age weapons has been discovered on the Isle of Coll in Argyll.
A teenage boy has been assaulted and stamped on by an older couple on a Glasgow-to-Neilston train.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of sending sexually explicit images of underage girls to other people via email.
Pop star Beyonce has topped a list of the world's highest-paid female artists for 2014.
Brazilian football legend Pele has sold his 1962 World Cup winner's medal at auction for £140,800.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia over allegations that Canberra spied on President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Rights groups have expressed outrage after a video emerged appearing to show suspected summary killings by Syrian government forces of dozens of soldiers and rebels.
Organic farming produces more biodiversity than conventional farming, according to a study of wheat fields in northern France.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have written to the government calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has announced that it is raising the rate of the so-called "bank levy" - a tax on the value of the UK banks' debts - from 0.075% to 0.088%.
Bond prices have fallen sharply since Donald Trump's surprise US election victory, but share markets have risen, with the pound hitting a nine-month high.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, boosted by its new fresh food ranges.
A driver has been fined for using his mobile phone to search for a song by Sam Smith while driving in Dorset.
Dame Judi Dench, best known for playing MI6 boss James Bond in the James Bond films, has revealed she has been diagnosed with early onset macular degeneration.
A bus driver ignored a "no unauthorised vehicles" sign and ended up stuck on a farm's muck heap.
A total solar eclipse was visible across much of Australia and New Zealand on Monday.
A proposal for a universal basic income in Wales would be an "extremely expensive socialist experiment", a business expert has warned.
Two hospitals in Denbighshire have been rated "inadequate" for food hygiene after being placed in special measures.
Welsh parties are still trying to get their heads round what happened in May's general election.
Trawsfynydd nuclear plant could be used as a test site for a new type of nuclear reactor, the Unite union has said.
House of Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed US lawyer David Natzler as the new House of Commons Clerk.
As MPs call for cannabis to be legalised for medical use, the BBC looks at the case for and against legalising the drug.
Tunisians have voted in a run-off election for a new president.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United midfielder Michael Erskine for next season.
Accountancy firms have rejected claims from MPs that they broke the law by using tax havens to avoid paying tax.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland may be "even greater" than first thought, according to scientists.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he was disappointed he missed out on the chance to become Aston Villa manager in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian man accused of being a member of a Nazi war crimes squad during World War Two.
Scotland is lagging behind the rest of the UK when it comes to digital maturity, according to a new study.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, lifted by gains in the pharmaceutical and tech sector, after a survey showed a pick up in US services activity in June.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a 14-year-old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given until the end of the season to avoid further contact between their cars.
Russia has blocked all pornography websites, saying they spread "pornography".
The childhood home of Victorian explorer Gertrude Bell and the childhood school of comedian Tom O'Connor are among the top 10 most endangered Victorian buildings in England.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose a new government, amid fears of a possible breakdown in the country's ethnic-religious divide.
France's far-right leader Marine Le Pen is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he is relieved to keep his place for Friday's Six Nations game against England.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were set alight at a Tesco store in Flintshire.
The future of a "vulnerable" railway line could be "worrying" as sea-level rise increases, academics have warned.
Southeastern is to pay compensation to passengers who missed high-speed rail services between Dover and London after a sea wall collapsed on the line.
Glastonbury is under way, with the first full day of this year's festival under sunny skies.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has criticised the leader of the Welsh Conservatives for using "aggressive language" during a debate on Brexit.
BBC business editor Linda Yueh is leaving the corporation to become a freelance presenter.
Championship side Burton Albion have signed Fulham's Lasse Christensen on loan for the rest of the season and Middlesbrough's Cauley Woodrow on loan until January.
When Victoria Barker was told she was pregnant with her first child, she and her husband Nicky were elated.
A "zombified" father has put his "green monster" buggy up for auction on eBay, hoping to sell it for £150,000.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty to conspiring to rig one of the world's most important inter-bank lending rates.
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from Super League rivals Hull KR for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England could be better spent on improving community services and tackling sepsis, a leading doctor has said.
World Triathlon champion Non Stanford says she would be "very surprised" if Helen Jenkins is not selected for the Rio Olympics after she won the World Triathlon Series in Australia.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's property loan portfolio in Northern Ireland.
The billionaire philanthropist Paul Allen has announced plans to launch rockets into space from a plane.
A legal challenge against plans to build three offshore wind farms in the Firth of Forth has been successful.
A Fife man who claimed he was having "hallucinations" when he admitted raping and sexually abusing two Fife schoolgirls has pleaded guilty to all charges.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man found dead in a street on Boxing Day.
South Sudan's civil war has become one of the biggest refugee crises in the world, with thousands of people forced to flee their homes because of fighting between rival ethnic groups the Dinka and Nuer.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can finish second in the Scottish Premiership, despite losing 3-0 to Rangers at Pittodrie.
A ram who has served in the British Army for 30 years has been honoured with a posthumous promotion.
Islamic State militants have carried out a suicide attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, near the Syrian border.
Binge-watch has been named as the most popular word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has been sacked by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) after the World Cup in Russia.
Hospitals in England are paying around £380m a year to the NHS for cancer drugs used in hospitals because of high drug prices, researchers say.
Sudan's Prime Minister Omar al-Bashir has failed to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
An amber "be aware" weather warning for winds of up to 80mph has been issued for much of Scotland later on Friday.
Actress Michelle Terry has been named as the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, replacing Emma Rice.
Police are searching for a woman who has gone missing with her two-year-old daughter in Newport.
It's said that if you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
A Banksy mural which went up for auction after it was removed from a sale amid claims it had been stolen is to be auctioned again.
Gambling revenues in China's special administrative region of Macau have fallen sharply in the three months to September as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending continues.
India's Sahitya Akademi, the country's oldest literary body, has condemned recent attacks on writers.
More than 1,000 people have signed an online petition against cuts to English and women's studies degrees at an Oxfordshire college.
A man suspected of murdering Swansea man John Warburton has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Simon Yates finished fifth on stage five of the Volta a Catalunya as Slovakia's Peter Sagan won a sprint finish.
England midfielder James Milner has retired from international football.
Arsenal missed the chance to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time under new manager Arsene Wenger as Hull City held them to a goalless FA Cup replay at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a lawsuit against Samsung, accusing it of violating some of its patents.
The death of Col Muammar Gaddafi's eldest son, Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, is a military victory for the Libyan rebels, who have captured the capital Tripoli.
A man and a woman have died in a suspected hit-and-run crash, leaving a young girl in the back of the car.
The UK government has said it hopes to reach a deal with the Scottish and Scottish governments by 19 February on the fiscal framework for new tax and welfare powers.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has expressed "serious concern" about the militarisation of islands in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of showing he is "not master of all he surveys in the House of Commons" after plans to change the Hunting Act were postponed.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to split the Grenfell Tower inquiry into two parts to ensure it is not "sacrificial for rigour".
Ospreys have signed Wales tight head prop Brian Mujati from South Africa.
A search is under way for a British man missing in Vietnam after he fell from a mountain and injured his arm and knee.
Tributes have been paid to Leeds Rhinos club president Harry Jepson at a memorial service.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant and could give birth at the end of the month.
The public is being asked to vote for the national bird of Britain in a bid to get the robin recognised as an official symbol.
Austrian police are searching for a man suspected of dressing up as Adolf Hitler after he was spotted in the town where the Nazi leader was born.
A man who died after being stabbed in the chest has been named by police.
London Underground services have been temporarily suspended due to the Tower block fire at Grenfell Tower.
England pace bowler James Anderson says Joe Root is "the obvious candidate" to be the new Test captain.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to change the way internet traffic is treated, social media was abuzz.
Burnley moved up to second in the Championship with victory over Blackburn Rovers thanks to Andre Gray's first-half penalty.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create 1,000 new jobs at its Solihull design centre as part of a £200m investment.
Corey Whitely scored the only goal of the game as Dagenham & Redbridge beat Eastleigh at Eastleigh to move off the bottom of the National League.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool in League Two.
A man who died after being stabbed in a London bar in the early hours of Sunday has been named by police.
A shortlist of the UK's oldest trees has been drawn up for the World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Conwy county.
Up to 200 jobs are to go at a fish and chip factory in Dumfries and Galloway after the closure of the plant.
Swimmers have been warned about the dangers of jellyfish blooms after a rise in numbers were reported in the waters around the UK.
A woman was strangled and had her jugular vein cut with a serrated blade by her ex-boyfriend and his girlfriend, a court heard.
The Duke of Edinburgh has become a father for the first time, after his wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, gave birth to a girl.
Wales flanker Joe Thornton says he is delighted to be called into the national side for Friday's Test against Samoa in Auckland.
A plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs will be challenged in court after a planning inspector refused to re-examine it.
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) must do more to deal with 150,000 migrants who have not left the UK despite being told to, the government's immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been ranked 50th in a list of the world's most powerful women.
A man has pleaded guilty to stealing sheep from a Powys farm after DNA tests proved they were the offspring of a farmer's rams.
An exhibition celebrating the life and work of William Blake has opened in Oxford.
US Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump poses a greater risk to global security than a new Cold War, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange Group (LSE) has announced it will merge with the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in a deal that will create the world's biggest exchange group.
If you were asked to strip naked and apply a bunch of oak leaves to your back, you might be forgiven for thinking it was a bad idea.
Sky has launched a Sim-only mobile phone service in the UK and Ireland.
Australia's Deputy Prime Minister, Alan Joyce, has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for a "yes" vote on same-sex marriage.
Manchester United missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Premier League as Hull City held Jose Mourinho's side to a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 career poles with a superb pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
A year on from the death of her son, Kayden, his mother Julie and his sister Shannon are still struggling to come to terms with what happened to him.
Labour has launched an investigation into claims a member of its Llanelli branch shared anti-English education plans.
Rangers missed the chance to go top of the Scottish Premiership as St Johnstone held them to a 1-1 draw at Ibrox.
The 2016 US presidential election may have ended with Donald Trump winning the Republican nomination, but that doesn't mean the rest of the Republican candidates didn't lose too.
A man who was shot dead by police in Bedfordshire died from gunshot wounds to the chest, a post-mortem examination has found.
John Terry says he is yet to decide whether he will retire from football, but admits he has not decided where he will play next.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick on his Sale debut as Sale came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third Formula 1 driver to win 50 races with victory at the United States Grand Prix.
Sri Lanka's army says it fears most of the 134 people missing after a landslide in the country could be dead, as monsoon rains continue to batter the country.
Justin Gatlin ran the fastest 200m of his career to set a new world record in the 200m at the Diamond League meeting.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cuts to his personal expenses after a row over a customised "rest chamber" fitted on a plane chartered by his office.
Amnesty International has accused India of breaching its international human rights obligations by failing to prosecute members of its armed forces for violating a controversial anti-terror law in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his former partner will be live-streamed on Twitter for the first time, the High Court in Scotland has ruled.
The family of a Pakistani family stopped from flying to the US have demanded an apology from TV presenter Katie Hopkins after she claimed they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the company refused to sell him some of its bricks.
Miranda Hart has opened the West End production of her new musical Annie to a standing ovation.
A temporary night shelter could be set up in Northampton as part of a three-year plan to stop people sleeping rough in the town.
Mikheil Saakashvili is Georgia's longest-serving president.
Scotland is facing a growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions, with families "trapped in poverty", a charity has warned.
West Ham's first game at the new London Stadium was a 2-2 draw with Juventus in the Europa League.
At least 36 girls have died in a fire at a boarding school in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, officials say.
More than 50 British rowers have been named for the World Cup II regatta in Florida.
Wales internationals Dan Lydiate, Sam Warburton, Hallam Amos, Samson Lee and Samson Amos have signed new national dual contracts.
Former England midfielder Carlton Cole has signed for Aston Villa on a permanent deal.
Prime Minister Theresa May says she wants the UK to have the "greatest possible access" to the European Union's single market after Brexit.
Bumblebees from different parts of Wales are being asked to send in their noises in a bid to find out which plants help bees produce more honey.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 with a comfortable win over League One side Oldham Athletic.
The fiasco over the cancellation of the West Coast mainline rail franchise could cost the taxpayer more than £8.9m, MPs have said.
In the history of the Nobel Prizes, very few women have been recognised for their achievements in science.
Former world number one Stephen Hendry was beaten 4-0 by England's Gary Lines in the first round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship.
The debate about the future of the BBC's licence fee has dominated the political debate since the independence referendum, but it's not the only one.
Local councils should be given the right to spend extra money on the NHS and care if they choose, Liberal Democrat leader Norman Lamb has said.
Clyde manager Barry Ferguson admits his side must beat Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of reaching the Scottish League One play-offs.
Greece is heading for a general election on 20 June, when voters across the country will choose a new government to try to save the country from the worst effects of the eurozone crisis.
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a Spitfire which crashed in County Monaghan during World War Two.
Parents are taking legal action over a council's decision to stop free school transport for pupils in a rural area.
A mass has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake that struck central Italy on Wednesday.
Australia's prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, has been the subject of a series of brutal attacks on social media by his political opponents.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg were second and third in second practice at the Italian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton set the fastest time.
A man has been charged with selling fake tickets for the T in the Park music festival in Brighton.
China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the territory's handover from British to Chinese rule.
An Indian rapper has taken to the streets to protest against the appointment of a woman as the new chief minister of the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
Eleven people have been arrested over a landslide in China's southern Shenzhen city which killed 74 people in December.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on tackling air pollution, it has been warned.
A white police officer has been found not guilty of the manslaughter of a black couple who were shot dead by officers in the US city of Cleveland.
Russia says it is "deeply saddened" by a series of bombings in Syria that killed more than 120 people, including many of President Bashar al-Assad's allies.
Championship clubs have welcomed the Rugby Football Union's decision to scrap the Premiership play-offs.
Councils across Wales are warning about the impact of falling recycling prices on their budgets as they face ever increasing targets to recycle 70% of household waste by 2025.
At the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, business leaders from around the world are meeting to discuss ways to boost economic growth in the region.
Police are investigating after a knife was found at a school in Dumfries and Galloway.
The UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday with the world's top players taking part in the biggest event of the season so far.
Red Bull missed out on a first win of the season after a disappointing race at the Australian Grand Prix.
Voters across Scotland will go to the polls on 8 September to decide whether or not they want to stay in the European Union.
Perth city centre traders are to hold a late-night opening on Thursday night in a bid to boost the local economy.
Hampshire's Sam Dawson says he is happy to be back in England's Twenty20 squad after being rested by Moeen Ali.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a booby-trap attack in County Tyrone, is taking place in Belfast later.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior law officer.
A passenger ferry has capsized off the Aberdeenshire coast in the early hours of Sunday.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman found stabbed to death at a house in Rotherham has been released on bail.
Scottish Labour MP Fiona Black has been named Scotland's Young Musician of the Year by NME.
A terminally ill man has begun a High Court battle for the right to die, arguing that the law on assisted dying violates his human rights.
Bayern Munich will take a 3-1 lead into the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final against Porto after a dominant display in the first.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed a settlement with the family of a teenage footballer who suffered oxygen starvation to his brain after collapsing while playing for the club's youth team.
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut in a new stage production of the classic French play Therese Raquin.
Lionel Messi's decision to quit international football could be reversed after new Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza said he wants to speak to the player about his future.
Canadian actor Samuel L. Jackson has apologised for damaging a comic book he had fallen asleep reading.
David Waites says it was "painful" to come back from a shoulder injury to win his second BDO World Championship after six weeks out with injury.
Newport Gwent Dragons centre Keviniton has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a knee ligament injury.
A man has died after being shot by police in Hull following reports of a man with an axe.
Birmingham City Women have signed Germany international Emma Linden from Women's Super League One side Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been threatened with contempt of parliament if he fails to attend a Commons select committee meeting.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has hit back at suggestions his team have been accused of being like "monks" during the Rugby World Cup.
Dundee ended Motherwell's three-game losing run in the Scottish Premiership with a convincing 5-1 victory at Fir Park.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mental toughness if they are to reach the Champions League last 16.
Six people have died in a rollercoaster crash at Dreamworld in Australia's Gold Coast.
A man has pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of drugs with a street value of more than £300,000.
Swansea City have made an approach to speak to former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa about the vacant manager's job at the Liberty Stadium.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in north London.
The last time an interest rate rise was announced in the US, markets went into overdrive.
Two men have been jailed for grooming a teenage girl into prostitution.
Chelsea forward Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new Premier League season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A man is being sought by police after a pensioner was stabbed to death at a house in Bedfordshire.
The mother of a boy who died after a head-on collision with a car said he was "always willing to help everyone and even in death he will continue to help others".
Worcester Warriors prop Joe Burgess will miss the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a motorway and road circuit in Blaenau Gwent has opened.
Garry Thompson marked his return to Morecambe with a late winner as the Shrimps came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town at the Globe Arena.
Crisis teams in the home care of people with mental health problems have become the "default option" in acute care for too many patients at high risk of suicide, research suggests.
Ulster won the Ulster Cup for the first time with a 2-14 to 1-14 victory over Connacht in Sunday's final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs should be guaranteed a "decent cup of coffee" for committee meetings at the Scottish Parliament, MSPs have said.
Hospitals in Wales could be forced to cancel non-urgent operations over the festive period because of pressure on waiting times, the chief medical officer for Wales has warned.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest-growing countries, with an economy growing at close to 10% a year, and a population of 39.5 million.
Two fishermen have been rescued from the River Lough Swilly in the Isle of Mull after their fishing boat broke down.
Two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome and two-time winner Alberto Contador will race in the Criterium du Dauphine in France.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people suspected of trying to sell a snake that looks like it has two heads on the black market.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential residence in Rio de Janeiro to return to Porto Alegre, her adopted hometown.
Danny Boyle scored the only goal of the game as Derry City beat Wexford Town 1-0 in the Premier Division to move level on points with leaders Dundalk.
Mountain rescue teams have called for "serious consideration" to be given to the management of Snowdonia after a rise in callouts due to tourism.
Paris St-Germain have signed Neymar from Barcelona for a club record £198m.
Celtic, Hearts and Dundee United were among the Scottish Premiership's big spenders in January, while Hibernian and Aberdeen missed out on new signings.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's largest file-sharing sites, has been targeted by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
A British inventor has won the UK Engineering Prize for developing an affordable prosthetic hand that can control its own fingers.
Francois Fillon, the conservative candidate for the French presidency, has won the first round of the presidential election, after a mass rally in Paris on Sunday.
A&E services could be moved from a Shrewsbury hospital under plans being considered by health bosses.
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of Scotland coach Gordon Strachan's career since he made his international debut against the USA in 2005.
EDF and China General Nuclear Energy (CGN) have signed a deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
The number of calls to a helpline set up by the Army in 2002 has risen sharply, a charity has said.
A police officer has been jailed for 10 years for possessing indecent images of children.
Is this the start of a coup attempt against Jeremy Corbyn?
World Championship finalist Mark Selby will play Marco Fu in the World Championship semi-final at the Crucible on Friday after he fought back to beat the world number 14 6-4.
Scotland striker Lizzie Evans says reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" for the national team.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death in front of pupils at her classroom have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says it would be a "huge disappointment" if his local players do not want to be part of the future of the club.
The Nepalese government has announced plans to restrict the number of people who can climb Mount Everest, saying it wants to make the world's highest peak safer.
The family of a man who died in a head-on crash on the M1 in Leicestershire have called for a change in the law to allow retired people to keep driving.
A Stanford University student who was jailed for sexually assaulting an unconscious female student has been released from jail.
More than £270m is to be spent on protecting a coastal railway line damaged by Storm Desmond flooding.
New York's Guggenheim Museum has unveiled a gold-plated urinal that allows visitors to use it as they wish.
US artist Jon Schueler, known for his paintings of the Sound of Sleat and Skye, is being celebrated at St Andrews University in Dundee.
People have been using Your Questions to tell us what they think about the rollout of superfast broadband in Scotland.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has defended scrapping a target for Wales to score in the top 20 of international tests by 2021.
TalkTalk has arrested three of its call centre staff in India on suspicion of breaching the terms of their contract with the company.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa in separate attacks by a man suspected of waving a Confederate flag.
More than 1,300 student teacher places will be made available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie hopes Rory McIlroy's recent form will help Europe win the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on 26-30 October.
One of the UK's largest unions, Unison, has nominated Jeremy Corbyn as its preferred candidate for Labour leader.
England's Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Honda Classic in Florida after carding a two-under-par 65 on Friday.
Ireland lock Jamie Heaslip has been named in the side to face Wales in Cardiff on Saturday after recovering from injury.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended while an investigation is carried out into allegations of child protection failings.
Netflix has become available in every country where the US-based video-streaming service is available, with the exception of China.
John Hughes has resigned as Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager.
Greece has not been on the front of the international news agenda since the latest bailout deal was agreed with its creditors last week.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville by the IRA, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to new research.
Former Australia international Kevin Mason has retired from rugby league after failing to recover from injury following a season with Catalans Dragons.
(Close): The FTSE 100 rose 1.12%, with shares in fashion retailer Burberry leading the way, but mining shares were among the biggest fallers.
Muslim Match, a social networking site for Muslims looking for a partner, has been hacked, revealing the names and addresses of more than 2,000 members.
Venezuela's new vice-president has been sanctioned by the US over allegations he was involved in drug trafficking.
A man has been stabbed in the neck with what is believed to be a sharp object in a street attack in Belfast city centre.
A novel set in 1980s Cold War-era US politics has been adapted for the big screen by a British author.
Tanzania's President John Kikwete has dismissed a minister accused of siphoning $1m (Â£700,000) from a government account to fund a school, after MPs called for her resignation.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is expected to pay a $13bn (Â£9bn) fine for selling risky mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis, according to reports.
Becky James will be fit for Rio 2016 after undergoing surgery on a knee injury, according to her coach Shane Sutton.
South Korean team SKT has become the first team to win the League of Legends (LoL) World Championship, or Summoner's Cup, in the US.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield United beat Bury at Bramall Lane.
One of the British soldiers killed in the Manchester Arena attack was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), his family has said.
All pictures are copyrighted unless otherwise noted.
A man has been charged with terrorism offences over the Paris attacks, prosecutors in Belgium say, as the highest security alert remains in place in the capital Brussels.
Great Britain swimmers James Guy and Chloe Tutton claimed bronze medals at the Olympic Games in Rio on Wednesday.
Scotland's Social Development Minister Aileen McLeod is to hold a consultation later on the future of a croft house grant scheme.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made up his mind to leave the club.
The pound fell 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate unexpectedly fell to its lowest level since the global financial crisis.
A collision between Earth and another planet early in its history could explain how the carbon-rich mantle of our planet came to contain so much carbon, scientists suggest.
Asian shares traded mostly higher on Friday, recovering some of the previous session's losses after US markets closed higher.
The FBI has agreed to help police in the case of the San Bernardino attackers, after Apple refused to write software to unlock the iPhone of San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United have unveiled their new badge after a Peruvian designer won a public vote to design their new crest.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Swansea.
A West Yorkshire teenager believed to be the youngest to carry out a suicide bombing in Iraq has reportedly died in a suicide attack in northern Iraq.
Belfast Giants have announced that eight players will remain with the Elite League club for the new Elite League season.
An 11-year-old boy who died shortly after starting primary school told a classmate he was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging acts of terrorism has been granted a variation of his bail.
A new £2.5m research centre is being set up in Carmarthenshire to help cut the cost of treating people with wounds.
When President Donald Trump announced his missile strike on a Syrian airfield on Thursday night, he told his supporters to "forget Syria and make America great again".
Ben Foderingham hopes Rangers defender Scott Sinclair is "all right" after he was racially abused by a fan at Ibrox.
A Minnesota doctor tried to fly singer Prince to the US to see a specialist the day before he was found dead at his Paisley Park home, his lawyer has said.
Twelve of Edinburgh's historic closes are to be transformed into "useful routes" as part of a Â£1.5m project to boost the city's Old Town.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the full face veils worn by some Muslim women in public, despite a legal challenge.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman died when she was hit by a car.
Former Munster and British and Irish Lions centre Paul O'Connell has retired from rugby union to take up a coaching role with the province.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has defected to the Liberal Democrats, defying Jeremy Corbyn's call to stay in the party.
The number of hectares planted with coca - the raw ingredient for cocaine - in Colombia has more than doubled since 2015, according to a United Nations report.
It is not often that a 19-year-old Scottish footballer is compared to a rugby union player.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Matt Chudley will miss Saturday's Pro12 game against Northampton after being ruled out for the rest of the season.
Olympic gold medal-winning taekwondo fighter Salomon Cisse says he has become a national symbol and hopes to use his celebrity status to inspire young athletes to follow their dreams.
Talks are to be held with Southern rail bosses on Friday in a bid to end a long-running dispute over the role of guards.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a cement factory in northern Portugal, officials say.
Cristian Crespo, a 40-year-old Uruguayan man from the capital, Montevideo, has been growing cannabis since last year.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte has been sold at auction for Â£1,000.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in the North Sea.
Two British men who are due to appear in court in Abu Dhabi accused of spying for MI6 are expected to appeal against their arrest.
Norwegian international Martin Johnsen has left Hearts to join Dutch club ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee.
Two young people have become the first members of a new religious order inspired by St Benedict in Monmouthshire.
Manchester United's first season in the Premier League is almost over and I think manager Louis van Gaal has learned that there are no easy games in English football.
The government's latest defence review is due to be published this week - but what does it mean for Britain's armed forces?
Wales' men's hockey team have won promotion to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time after beating Scotland in the final.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after being hit by a car in Newport.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says he has been impressed with the form of back-rower Ben Woodburn since signing him from Bath.
Barcelona have been drawn to face Pep Guardiola's Manchester City in the Champions League group stage for a third successive season.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked his countrymen for accepting his surprise decision to scrap the country's most popular currency notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Graeme McDowell is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Race to Dubai Tour Championship in Dubai after a one-under-par 69.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest.
Litter wardens in Ashford have been suspended after a BBC Panorama investigation revealed they had been wrongly fined for tipping coffee down a drain.
(Close): The pound rose slightly against the dollar after a closely-watched survey indicated a pick-up in UK services activity in May.
More than 1,000 people have been taken to hospital following two nights of rioting in London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales increased by more than 5% between 2006 and 2015, figures have shown.
England's opening Euro 2016 Group B game against Russia in Marseille on Saturday will be a massive game for our hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of Euro 2016.
The public interest in revealing the identity of undercover police officers involved in the so-called "Trojan Horse" scandal will not be outweighed by the "countervailing public interest", says a preliminary ruling by the independent inquiry into undercover policing.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to review an incident in which a Keighley player was bitten on the face during a Challenge Cup match against Fryston Warriors.
Shirley Temple Black, known as Hollywood's "little darling" and "America's little darling", has died aged 88.
AFC Wimbledon have signed Millwall defender Lamine Abdou on loan for the rest of the season.
A Porto-based footballer has been banned from football for four years after being sent off for attacking a referee in a regional league match.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is celebrating his 70th birthday with this year's British Proms at London's Albert Hall.
A woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin at a block of flats with the body of a man thought to be her partner has been named locally as Lisa Winning.
More than 100 suspected cases of child sex abuse should have been recorded but were not, a police watchdog has found.
Southend United manager Phil Brown says refereeing was "at its worst" in Saturday's 1-0 League One defeat by Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has pledged to make closing the attainment gap in Scotland's schools a top priority as she visited a primary school in the Borders.
More than 100 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Cameroon midfielder Jean-Louis Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne.
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet, replacing several senior officials, including Defence Minister Abdel Rahim Hussein.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has offered to repay some of the money spent on upgrades to his stately home.
The body of a man who had been missing since the partial collapse of the Swansea Bay Power Station has been found.
A chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls at a Denbighshire school has been banned from teaching for life.
A bald eagle called Lassie is on track to breed a hat-trick of chicks at Loch of the Lowes National Park, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has said.
Four people have escaped uninjured from a house fire in Cookstown, County Tyrone.
A care home run by Cornwall Care has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
US President Donald Trump made a number of campaign promises during his presidential campaign.
Police investigating the murder of a Dorset businessman who was shot dead in a suspected burglary are searching a river in Bournemouth.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a north London pub.
Championship side London Welsh have been taken over by a US-based investment group.
A former care worker has been charged with child sex offences at a school for children with learning difficulties in East Sussex.
Head teachers are being asked to attend two free seminars to help them understand how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has told Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that North Korea's recent missile test was "outrageous" and "provocative".
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the latest Marvel superhero movie, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United will target new signings in the summer transfer window, which opens on 1 July.
A medieval road bridge has been uncovered after being covered over for more than a century.
London has recorded the highest temperature ever recorded in the UK - 36.7C (98F) - as temperatures soared above 40C (104F).
The story of Andreas Lubitz, the German pilot who deliberately crashed a passenger jet into the French Alps, killing all 92 people on board, has dominated the news for days.
Ulster wing John Andrew scored a late try to beat Newport Gwent Dragons in their final Pro12 game at Rodney Parade.
Scientists hope to find a clue to the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs in the Chicxulub Crater in the Gulf of Mexico.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has claimed Wales gets a "ridiculous deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan pair Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first-class centuries as the Welsh county beat Cambridge University by an innings and eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Police investigating the suspicious death of a man found dead in a New York subway have appealed for information about his final movements.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to live with a family of musicians?
Tove Loveless has been working non-stop for five months on her new album, Say My Name.
A primary school in Oxfordshire could close after being rated inadequate by inspectors for poor management and effective teaching.
Three of the UK's intelligence agencies have stepped up efforts to recruit more women as part of a drive to boost the number of women working in their ranks.
A piece of coal has been presented to the last deep mine in South Yorkshire ahead of its closure on Monday.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading midfielder Jordan Jules on loan until January, subject to international clearance.
CK Hutchison has had its proposed takeover of O2 from Spain's Telefonica blocked by the European Commission.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Sudanese poet Yousra Elbagir looks at how Sudanese poets are using poetry to defy government censorship.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 victory over Peterborough at Boundary Park.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been summoned to appear before a judge for questioning over corruption allegations linked to the Petrobras oil company.
Every so often, charged particles from the Sun's surface collide with the Earth's atmosphere, causing a disturbance known as a solar storm.
Leicester Tigers have signed England lock Geoff Parling from Leicester Tigers and Bath back-rower Olly Woodburn on loan for the rest of the season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with mining shares among the biggest fallers.
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook sold for just over $1m (Â£700,000) on auction site CharityBuzz on Tuesday.
Sylvain Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea-Bissau.
Cape Verde missed out on a place in the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals after a goalless draw with Zambia.
People are being sought to help look after an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire.
Rail workers could be trained to stop people jumping from high-speed trains in a bid to cut the number of suicides, the government has suggested.
Williams test driver Susie Wolff says she is delighted to be given more time behind the wheel of the team's Formula 1 car next year.
Boreham Wood have re-signed striker Joe Lucas on loan from Bristol Rovers for the rest of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a memorial garden created in memory of their mother Diana as part of an official garden tour.
At least 13 people have been killed in a van attack on a busy Las Ramblas street in the Spanish city of Barcelona, with 13 others injured.
The opening of a roundabout on the A55 and A483 in Chester has been delayed because of "very poor" planning, an MP has said.
Phil Taylor will play Raymond van Barneveld in the quarter-finals of the PDC World Championship after beating Kim Huybrechts in the first round.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are being asked to take part in a national DNA project to help unlock the secrets of the human genome.
Gillingham have signed Steven Crofts on loan from Championship side Brighton for the rest of the season after he agreed a permanent deal with the Seagulls.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor starred with the bat as England warmed up for the first Test against South Africa with an eight-wicket victory over South Africa in the first of two warm-up matches at Edgbaston.
The body of an RAF helicopter has been recovered from a Snowdonia peak after it crashed into the mountain during a training exercise.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has defended a £100m cut in local authority spending in 2016/17 after MSPs questioned the impact of the Scottish government's funding deal.
Hundreds of thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the Highlands.
More than 1,000 people gathered outside Cape Canaveral on Monday morning to watch the US space shuttle Endeavour take off.
Two men have been arrested over the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician who was shot dead in London.
A heritage group in Lancashire has called for the French government to investigate a dispute over access to a World War One cemetery.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will vote for the UK to leave the European Union has been widely reported around the world.
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders the Ospreys thanks to a bonus-point win over Treviso at Kingspan Stadium.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every Premier League game this season.
A jobseeker has said she is "furious" after being described as a "left-wing loon tree hugger" and a "home educated oddball" by an environmental company.
Jim Broadbent's return to the stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in a new production of A Christmas Carol has been praised by critics, with one describing him as "wonderful and cuddly".
A growing number of period tracking apps are being used by women around the world to track when and how often they have their period.
The sisters of Oscar Pistorius, the South African Paralympic athlete who shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, have spoken of the "heartache" they feel ahead of his sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have released prop Paul Chase, full-back Ben Paterson, half-back Jamie Hansen and forward Alex Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "very difficult" for his side to qualify for the Champions League.
Dame Judi Dench has announced she is supporting the Surrey Wildlife Trust in its campaign to save a Surrey woodland.
The new design for the Queen's new £1 coin has been unveiled.
Thousands of patients in England cannot get a GP appointment when they need one under the coalition, Labour has claimed.
American Patrick Reed will represent the United States at the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles in September after finishing top of the PGA Tour's Ryder Cup points standings at the BMW PGA Championship.
Police used "necessary and proportionate" force to stop five men suspected of ramming a police car outside a McDonald's restaurant in Dumfries and Galloway, a report has found.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has risen to 36, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Jordan McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland squad for this year's Milk Cup in Los Angeles.
A hospital's A&E unit has been rated "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Nigeria international defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish Super Lig side Kasimpasa on loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at an airport in Florida has appeared in court and told a judge he is a US citizen.
A man accused of planning to rape a baby was "ashamed of deriving sexual gratification from child pornography and said he did not believe the intended victim existed, the Old Bailey has heard.
The Ross Sea has become the largest marine protected area (MPA) in the world.
Hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in Leicester for the city's annual Diwali celebrations.
US author Jackie Collins, known for her erotic novels Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died aged 82, her family has said in a statement.
A Japanese pensioner accused of murdering her four husbands and two other men by poisoning them with cyanide has told a court she will "laugh it off and die if I am sentenced to death".
A fish which escaped from a shopping centre flooded during Storm Desmond floods has been found after crossing a road to safety.
Former West Indies captain Phil Simmons has resigned as head coach of the national team.
A convicted drug dealer who spent two years on the run from police has been caught after posting photos of himself online.
Strictly Come Dancing stars Steve Backshall and Ola Jordan have spoken to Newsbeat about claims they were bullied on the show.
A new BBC One drama about depression is to be shot in south Wales.
Bristol City manager Steven Sturrock says he is "scary" how many of his players will miss the next two games with injury.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said he is "still working on the investigation" into a rocket explosion that destroyed a satellite at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a Dorset cliff.
Two men who were wrongly arrested and held in police custody for almost 20 hours after being stopped by officers have won civil damages from the Met.
Zimbabwe's first lady Grace Mugabe has been granted diplomatic immunity by the South African government after she failed to appear at a summit in Pretoria.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage girls to jail time for performing a "twerk dance" at a World War Two memorial in the northern city of Orenburg.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed midfielder Charlie Webster from Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee, while defender Luke Clarke has also joined on loan from Portsmouth.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to Deloitte's latest review of football finance.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland, saying a number of top coaches have come to Scotland to do their coaching badges.
British pole vaulter Maxine Peake hopes to set a new personal best and break a Welsh record when she attempts to qualify for the Olympic Games in Rio on Saturday.
The Peshawar school massacre has led to intense debate in Pakistan about who carried out the attack and why.
South African insurance group Old Mutual has announced plans to separate its four main business units from the rest of the group.
Preston North End have signed former Morecambe midfielder Jordan Barkhuizen for an undisclosed fee after agreeing a pre-contract deal.
Ten Chinese cities have issued "severe pollution" alerts, the environment ministry has said.
A "morality police" - a police force set up by the Islamic state of Iran to enforce Islamic law in public places - has come under intense scrutiny after a number of high-profile incidents, including the arrest of a celebrity for wearing a headscarf in public.
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup final for the first time with a hard-fought victory at Huddersfield Giants.
A car has ended up on top of another car in a marked parking space in the centre of Dundee.
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has been named best film at the Empire British Film Awards.
David Barak is one of the world's leading oil and gas engineers, working at a company called Galex Energy Corporation in Houston, Texas.
An Asda supermarket in Manchester is to shut its doors so shoppers with autism can "hear a pin drop" when the doors open.
Ten years ago, when the Syrian civil war was at its peak, David Barrett was working as a firefighter in Beirut helping to rescue children caught up in the conflict.
An artificial intelligence system has for the first time taught itself how to play a video game.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his takeover of relegated Premier League club Aston Villa.
The head of the French army's counter-terrorism unit has said he was warned of a possible attack on the Rio de Janeiro Olympics in August, but Brazil was not told about it.
Robbie Swanson has left St Johnstone to join Hibernian, signing a new contract with the Scottish Premiership champions.
EU leaders are expected to meet in Brussels this week to discuss how to deal with the growing number of migrants arriving at Europe's borders.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has become the first carmaker to introduce a petrol engine that ignites spontaneously.
A football fan has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace's adopted eagle mascot Kayla the Eagle.
The former military leader of Guatemala, Efrain Rios Montt, has been declared mentally incompetent by a medical examiner.
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go players not to use its A&E unit to play the augmented reality game.
Newcastle Falcons have re-signed England centre Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers.
Nadia is one of the UK's rising stars of the hip-hop community.
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury in a thriller at Cressing Road.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has successfully docked with the country's first space station, after three astronauts returned to Earth.
Cardigan Castle's caretaker has resigned from a heritage group to protect his family from "virtual persecution".
A police officer has been killed in a shootout with a suspected far-right gunman in northern Germany, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he will target Ireland fly-half Jonathan Sexton in Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham.
Johnston Press has reported a sharp rise in annual profits despite a sharp fall in revenues.
Prime Minister David Cameron's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
A campaign to fund legal action against former Prime Minister Tony Blair over the Iraq War has reached its target of £100,000.
China's world number one Ma Xu beat defending champion Zhang Jun of China 4-1 to win the men's singles title at the Rio Olympics.
An Australian woman who was severely burned in a bushfire has become the first person to complete the Ironman triathlon after recovering from severe burns.
One hundred years ago, Philips was a household name in the world of consumer electronics.
The first of the four instruments on the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has passed a key test.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU), saying it hopes the move will pave the way for a referendum on independence.
Actor Johnny Depp has filed for divorce from his wife, actress Amber Heard.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country.
Thousands of people have attended the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries and Galloway.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a survey of the public's views on independence "once it has concluded".
A mother whose daughter was diagnosed with leukaemia at three has appealed for more blood donors to donate to help save lives.
Actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "a real sea change" in the culture of "crime porn", saying it "bleeds into our culture".
A shopping centre in east London has been sold to a private equity firm after it was taken over by Cerberus.
Angolans have welcomed the government's decision to abandon plans to introduce a special internet law aimed at curbing criticism of the government.
Hungary is a small, mountainous country in central Europe, with a long Adriatic and Ionian coastline.
A woman's hair was set alight in a fast-food restaurant after a group of men set fire to her hair, police have said.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a new anti-gay law which would make it a crime to be gay.
Director Ava DuVernay has apologised for the "diversity and sensitivity" of her new film, Gods of Egypt.
Wales face Belgium in a must-win Euro 2016 quarter-final against Group B leaders Belgium at St Etienne on Tuesday.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a pregnant woman in south-east London.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson has been cast in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will hope to extend their winning run in the Irish Premiership to six games when they host mid-table Dungannon Swifts on Monday.
Wales needs to push hard to get access to superfast broadband to the "highest level everywhere" in the country, a leading technology expert has said.
The parents of a British woman who died after being stabbed to death in Naples say they want answers from the Italian government about what happened to their daughter.
The UK's industrial output fell in February, while the UK's trade deficit widened to a record level, official figures show.
Young people across Northern Ireland have been telling Newsround how they are frustrated by what they see as the lack of jobs at Stormont.
Swansea City midfielder Jordan Grimes has signed a new contract with the Premier League club for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been charged with using a drone to drop drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Gusts of up to 70mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, forecasters have warned.
India's President Pranab Mukherjee has been giving his Twitter followers a behind-the-scenes tour of the presidential residence in Delhi.
The risk of a repeat of the Christmas Day flood which saw a bridge collapse into a river is "unlikely", according to a report into the event.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Danny Moore for an undisclosed fee, while defender Jordan Spence has joined on loan from MK Dons.
Worcestershire moved into a strong position against Glamorgan on day one of their County Championship match at the County Ground in Cardiff.
The Netherlands were beaten 2-0 by Iceland in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier in Reykjavik, while Italy beat Malta 1-0.
Human remains found in the Republic of Ireland have been formally identified as those of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, known as the Disappeared.
Olympic swimmer Liz Adlington has opened a new swimming pool at a Leicestershire leisure centre.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has agreed to sell the site of a former Stoke City Football Club ground to a housing developer.
US department stores Macy's and Kohl's have reported a sharp fall in sales, as online shopping continues to outstrip brick-and-mortar stores.
The National Air Traffic Control Service (Nats) says it is "excited" that TV signals can be used as a form of radar.
More than 100 investigations are under way by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into how police in England and Wales handled allegations of child sexual abuse.
Charlton Athletic have recalled midfielder Yohan Cabaye from his loan spell at Dutch club Ajax Amsterdam by mutual consent.
Scientists believe they have discovered a gene defect which may explain why some men fail to produce sperm.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness and his wife Bernie McGuinness have been taken to hospital in Londonderry.
A church in North Yorkshire has been told to move a colony of bats out of its historic building or risk being charged with criminal damage.
France's government is to dissolve a far-right youth group after the death of a left-wing activist who was beaten to death in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he would not be interested in a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua, saying he is "far too good for him".
Maesteg Harlequins rugby player Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for doping.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the first time with a hard-fought win over qualifier Mirjana Falconi of Croatia.
The number of UK households renting property is set to more than treble by 2025, according to a surveyors' body.
Cheltenham Town were knocked out of the EFL Cup in the second round after losing 2-0 at home to West Ham.
Greenock Morton defender Michael Duffy believes a Rangers victory in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round replay at Ibrox would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape after a woman was found unconscious at a house in Sunderland.
Plans for an energy storage scheme at an abandoned quarry in Snowdonia have been approved by planners despite objections from campaigners.
Macclesfield's National League game at home to Dover Athletic has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Wales beat England 2-0 in the 1986 World Cup qualifier at Wembley to reach the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time.
Stephen Hawking and Prof Stephen Hawking are among the judges for a competition run by the popular science site Nasa Kids.
Police are investigating after a car was deliberately set on fire in West Lothian.
Councils in Wales will be legally obliged to provide toilets for disabled people under plans to force local authorities to provide them.
British Airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer from the Unite union in a long-running dispute over pay.
The father of the man suspected of carrying out last week's deadly bombing in the Turkish capital Ankara has told police that his son carried out the attack, Turkish media say.
Plans to build a hydro power station at Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales.
An elderly man is to stand trial accused of causing the death of a teenage girl who was killed when she was hit by his car while it was reversing.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities than any pit closure has done", UKIP's former leader has claimed.
A life-size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Nottinghamshire village of Timperley.
Firefighters in England and Wales will go on strike on Monday in a long-running dispute over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival Libyan forces in the eastern city of Benghazi, medics say.
A man accused of making false insurance claims after a car crash told medics he was "telling the truth" when he said he had been involved in a genuine accident, a court has heard.
I'm happy to be through to the second week of a Grand Slam for the first time after beating Seppi of Italy 6-4 7-5 6-2 6-3 in the first round of the Australian Open.
An early copy of Shakespeare's The Tempest has been revealed in a special episode of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus and its partner, OneWeb, have announced plans to build the world’s largest constellation of satellites.
A missing Pembrokeshire woman has been found safe and well after a police appeal to trace her was shared more than 1,000 times on Facebook.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has appealed against his murder conviction at the country's highest court.
A Japanese court has given the go-ahead for the restarting of two nuclear reactors that had been shut down after the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
A new comedy festival is getting under way in Aberdeen.
Former England and Manchester United footballer Bobby Woodward says he is "still waiting" for police to visit him to give a statement about alleged child sex abuse at Crewe Alexandra.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in the law to allow revenge porn victims to be named.
India's chief censor board chief has resigned after a controversial film about a controversial religious sect leader was cleared for release.
Is it really too much to ask a tennis player to cut their own hair?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down from BBC One's Claudia on Film 2016, the corporation has announced.
More than a third of rail passengers may be paying too much for their journey because of "baffling" ticket machines, according to government research.
University staff at the University of Wrexham have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
It's that time of year again - time for the traditional Christmas adverts to make the leap from poster to TV and then into social media.
Scottish engineering firm Aggreko has expanded into the North American market with the acquisition of North Carolina-based air conditioning specialist Dryco.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he sees "some obvious similarities" between himself and US President-elect Donald Trump.
Four men have been cautioned by police after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover Athletic in the National League.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed he and his bandmates are planning a world tour to mark 50 years since their first gig.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Barnsley missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Preston North End.
A US basketball player has been suspended by a South Korean league for allegedly falsifying her birth certificate to claim she had South Korean ancestry.
The government has announced plans for a childcare voucher scheme to be extended to parents who do not work to help pay for childcare.
Ceredigion is to find out where it will host the National Eisteddfod in 2021.
Leigh Centurions head coach Dave Rowley has resigned.
"I'm happy to be part of the experiment," says Liisa Ronkainen, one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who will receive a basic income of €560 (£490; $600) a month for two years.
Mount Etna, one of Italy's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Pyrgos says it will be a "huge honour" to be named captain for Saturday's World Cup game against South Africa at Murrayfield.
Iraqi forces are battling so-called Islamic State (IS) militants for control of the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, after Iraqi forces recaptured Bazwaya from the militants on Tuesday.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time since he launched a foul-mouthed tirade against him.
Taylor Swift says she was "surprised" to find out she was mistaken for a lookalike on social media.
(Close): US markets were mixed on Monday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 edging higher, but the Nasdaq slipped.
Football matches can be very boring to watch if you want to know exactly when the goals are scored.
A human foot has been found in Weston-super-Mare - the latest in a series of human remains found in the city.
Plans to demolish four buildings to make way for a new hotel have been approved by councillors.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
Waiting times for mental health assessment and treatment in Wales are to be halved under plans announced by the Welsh government.
Australian rugby league player Adam Hunt has been charged with supplying cocaine in Queensland, Australia.
Former England all-rounder Gareth Lewis says he wants to help young cricketers avoid the "potential pitfalls" of a professional career, as he embarks on a tour of the County Championship.
Kilmarnock's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Scottish Premiership were dented as Ross County claimed all three points at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought bonus-point win over leaders Connacht at the RDS.
South Africa's Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight hard in the second leg of their African Champions League second round tie against Uganda's KCCA on Wednesday after conceding two early goals in a 2-2 draw.
An 18th Century tin mine that featured in the BBC drama Poldark is to be restored after 14 years of neglect.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has accused Texas Senator Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucus.
Jazz Carlin has become the first swimmer to win two Olympic medals at Rio 2016 after claiming a silver double in the pool.
Gareth Southgate has been confirmed as the new permanent manager of England, taking charge of the national team for the 2018 World Cup.
In the run-up to the general election, the nation's impressionists lamented the loss of some of their favourite politicians.
A previously unseen letter by Cressida Cowper Lewis, in which he describes himself as "one of the most highly regarded English writers of the 20th Century", has sold at auction for £1,500.
Loganair has begun refurbishing the first of its fleet of Saab 340 planes as part of a £15m programme of improvements and upgrades.
Police are searching for a family who went missing from a hospital after telling medical staff their daughter's name was Mashael Aldosari.
Volkswagen has delayed the publication of its 2015 results as it continues to deal with the fallout from its emissions scandal.
Thousands of people in the Indian state of West Bengal have gone on a day-long strike in the Darjeeling region of the Himalayas in the north-east of the country.
Norwich City's Yaya Tettey says he was pleased to score a "Yaya Toure-esque" equaliser against Southampton to help his side move out of the relegation zone.
Great Britain's women's hockey team have qualified for Rio 2016 after beating New Zealand 4-3 in their EuroHockey World Cup semi-final.
Morocco's Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf) following the resignation of outgoing president Issa Hayatou.
Police have appealed for help to trace a missing pensioner who has been missing from Swansea since Thursday.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new Test captain to replace Michael Clarke, who has retired from international cricket.
Partick Thistle midfielder Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the Firhill club.
A man has been given a community payback order and unpaid work order after admitting drink-driving.
Championship side Nottingham Forest have signed Birmingham City midfielder Michael Hector on loan for the rest of the season from Premier League rivals Chelsea.
Yorkshire should have its own "White Rose Parliament", former Home Secretary David Blunkett has suggested.
Gateshead and Guiseley maintained their unbeaten starts to the season with a 1-1 draw at Gateshead.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Robinson and Fulham defender Luke Pringle.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take a "full debrief" of the Orange Order's annual parade in the city after a sectarian song was sung at the event.
The UK's fertility regulator has given the go-ahead for scientists to carry out pioneering experiments to genetically modify human embryos.
India's one-day series against Australia will be decided by a single wicket after Australia's bowlers dominated the second match of the series in Melbourne.
Two men have been charged with attempted robbery in Londonderry.
As the NHS in England marks its 68th birthday, the government is under pressure to show it has got a grip on its finances.
The former head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue if he was in the position of the current Irish Church leader, Cardinal Gerry Brady.
The families of two men who died in a head-on crash in Nottinghamshire have paid tribute to them.
A suspicious vehicle has been found to be "nothing untoward" after a security alert in Dundee.
The number of people in work in the UK rose by 69,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Unilever, the world's largest household goods maker, has reported a fall in sales for the year to the end of December, hit by a slowdown in emerging markets.
Iraqi Kurdish forces say they have evidence that so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have used mustard gas against Kurdish Peshmerga forces in northern Iraq.
A man has been rescued from a car which plunged into a reservoir after police tried to stop a suspected stolen car.
Care homes in England have been added to a government-run online database to help people choose the best care for their elderly or disabled relatives.
An artificial intelligence program that will be able to vote on whether or not a company should go public has been unveiled.
A US jury has found Johnson & Johnson (J&J) liable for $68m (Â£44m) in damages over claims its talcum powder caused a woman's death from ovarian cancer.
French rider Pierre Rolland won stage three of the Tirreno-Adriatico for the first time as he sprinted to victory in the Volta a Catalunya.
Adebayo Akinfenwa rescued a point for Wycombe with a late equaliser at Morecambe.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be thief over the head with a can of bacon after she was mugged at a supermarket.
All-Ireland club hurling champions the Ruairí Óg Cushendall hurlers have been given a boost ahead of Sunday's club final against Na Piarsaigh.
The parents of a baby girl found dead on a double decker bus have denied murdering her.
The Danish shipping company Maersk says it is "pleased" that the crew of a container ship seized off the coast of Iran on Tuesday are safe.
Chelsea's Pedro has been released from hospital after being treated for a head injury he sustained in Saturday's Premier League game against Shanghai Shenua.
Three members of a Birmingham family have appeared in court accused of planning a terror attack in the UK.
A Labour MP has been elected for Cardiff South and Penarth in a by-election following the resignation of an incumbent.
Campaigners opposed to plans for a wind farm at Gayton le Marsh in Lincolnshire have marched through the Lincolnshire Wolds to raise money for legal costs.
World leaders are gathering in New York for the signing of the landmark Paris Agreement on climate change, aimed at keeping global warming below 2 degrees C.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after the bodies of a man and his wife were found at a house in Gloucestershire.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have led to a rise in the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer mutations, researchers say.
More than 1,000 people in Northern Ireland are waiting up to a year for a consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital, according to new figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after a firework exploded in north Belfast, leaving him with serious burns.
Nigel Stevens moved to Spain from the UK because of the weather, he says.
More than 1,000 bottles of detergent from the detergent firm Vanish have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have extended the contract of England and England Under-21 striker Karen Heatherson.
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in a racist chant during the FA Cup final at Wembley.
The mayor of a local council has been asked to resign over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness company.
Shares in Premier Natural Resources have risen sharply after it agreed to buy a majority stake in E.On's UK oil and gas upstream portfolio.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the Premier Division as they came from behind to beat Bohemians at the Brandywell.
A Michigan woman has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at the tyres of a car being driven by a suspected shoplifter.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable win at Bristol Rovers.
A Pembrokeshire bus company is being put up for sale, BBC Wales News understands.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad defender Ruben Etxabeguren on a short-term deal.
India's capital, Delhi, was enveloped in thick smog on New Year's Day as a result of a massive firework display.
Fidel Fernandez, a pitcher for the Miami Marlins baseball team, died when his boat capsized off the coast of Puerto Rico, killing himself and his girlfriend.
Tribesmen in the Iraqi city of Fallujah have clashed with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the city, officials say.
An Air Canada flight was forced to make an emergency landing at San Francisco International Airport after it came within 30m (65ft) of colliding with four planes waiting to take off, investigators say.
Three Rotherham brothers have been jailed for sexually abusing a number of teenage girls from the age of 14.
The House of Lords has called on the government to ensure the UK retains access to EU fishing grounds after it leaves the European Union.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to offer the UK concessions on immigration in the run-up to the EU referendum, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Following the London Bridge and Borough Market terror attack on Wednesday, questions have been asked about how we can be safe on our streets.
Arsenal have agreed a deal to sign teenage defender Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee.
Rescue workers in Colombia are searching for survivors of a landslide that has buried 123 people in a district of the northern city of Bello.
A man arrested as part of the investigation into the London Bridge and Borough Market terror attack has been released on bail.
Spanish Football Federation president Angel Maria Angel Villar has resigned from European football's governing body Uefa after being arrested on corruption charges.
A proposed ban on circuses using wild animals could have a "massive" impact on zoos, shopping centres and public displays, MSPs have heard.
A man who stabbed a nurse to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for life for her murder.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a suspected al-Nusra Front fighter in connection with the murder of Syrian government employees.
Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town to move up to second in the Championship.
French media report that a fuel additive was found in a faulty type of breast implant made by a French company at the centre of the UK's PIP scandal.
Welsh Labour leader Nia Griffith has told delegates at the National Convention in Cardiff that her party is "fighting for Wales in Westminster and taking on the Tories" at Westminster.
Portugal's Eurovision Song Contest victory shows there is still a market for Portuguese-language music, despite the rise of English-language pop, experts say.
Four councillors fell asleep during a Commons Select Committee debate on children's services, it has emerged.
Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne finished second as Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title with a play-off victory at the Turkish Airlines Open in Istanbul.
A record number of black-tailed godwits have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree.
Papers in China have accused the incoming US secretary of state of "naivety, shortsightedness and unrealistic political fantasies".
A large cat feared to be a wolf that sparked a major search in northern France on Thursday is most likely not a wolf, experts say.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into cybercrime, the National Crime Agency has said.
Fifa has said it will not appoint an independent head of its reform taskforce, despite reports that Domenico Scala had applied for the post.
First-time author Emma Solomons has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award for her comic book My Brother is a Superhero.
Campaigners have said changes to services at Eastbourne Hospital could have "massive implications" for sick children and their families.
Guinea has become the first country in West Africa to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus after two 21-day incubation periods.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump is to be debated in Parliament over whether he should be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century painting of the Crucifixion of Jesus has been saved after a public appeal raised enough money to buy it.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died.
A light aircraft has crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire, injuring the pilot and a tanker driver.
Millwall manager Stuart McCall says he was close to being "intimidated" by Leeds United fans who invaded the pitch after their FA Cup final defeat by England.
The next parliamentary stage of the Scotland Bill has been postponed as talks between the Scottish and UK governments over the new fiscal framework are delayed.
A court in the West Bank has halted planned elections for the Palestinian Legislative Council due to be held in May, Palestinian officials say.
Nigeria's former national security adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested in connection with an alleged arms deal worth $400m (Â£300m).
Georgia head coach Dougie Haig wants to see the Six Nations expanded to seven or eight teams.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the Hausa film industry after being accused of breaching the industry's code of ethics.
House prices in England have risen faster than in any other part of the UK, official figures show.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died aged 93.
A project to celebrate the life and poetry of a 17th Century poet is to be launched in Aberdeenshire.
In the centre of the Malian city of Timbuktu, Abou Toure and his friends are enjoying the freedom they have finally been able to enjoy after 10 months under Islamist rule.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Conwy county.
A prison officer has been suspended after a young girl was bitten by a police dog while being tested for drugs.
In a remote corner of the Amazon rainforest, a small patch of grassland has been restored to its former glory, thanks to the capture of tiny drops of water from the clouds.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not yet record the number of children who are victims of sexual exploitation.
A man who became famous for selling his entire collection of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" among Muslims, a former senior police officer has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after losing their opening three matches at the European Championships.
Japan's Nikkei share index recovered some of the previous session's losses to close higher on Friday, recovering some of Thursday's losses.
The new Libyan government's first visit to the capital since the country's civil war broke out in 2011 has come at a time when the refugee crisis and trafficking of people is compounding the European Union's wider problems.
George Clooney has been given until Friday to decide whether to install high-resolution CCTV cameras at his Oxfordshire home.
On 8 June voters across England will go to the polls to choose MPs to represent their constituencies.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would make policing "simpler, more complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new contract to remain in charge of the Super Eagles for a second time.
England's hopes of winning a first World Twenty20 title were dented as South Africa completed a seven-wicket victory over them in the second Twenty20 international.
Lille midfielder Moise Bissouma has signed a new contract with the French Ligue 1 club until June 2019.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester for one of the city's largest Diwali celebrations.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory has had its accreditation revoked by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A lifeboat volunteer has been asked to "stand down with immediate effect" by the RNLI after other crew members resigned over claims of bullying.
India's Virat Kohli will lead his team into Sunday's Champions Trophy final against Pakistan at The Oval.
A vicar will not face charges over allegations he had sex with a teenage girl, prosecutors have said.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea are expected to resume next week.
Essex's batsmen struggled to make an impact on day one of their One-Day Cup opener against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
A man who threatened a taxi driver with a fake bomb before ordering him to hand over cash in a bank robbery has been remanded in custody.
A Labour peer who led an inquiry into anti-Semitism in the party has been offered a peerage by Jeremy Corbyn.
When I arrived at Satoshi Nakamoto's London office, I was a little surprised at how sparse the place was.
A teenager has been charged with causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in Salford.
People are being asked for their views on whether maternity services should be cut at a Denbighshire hospital.
North Korean hackers are believed to have been behind the global cyber-attack on NHS computers in May that led to the release of the WannaCry ransomware, UK officials say.
Powys council is to take on the role of the former Office of Fair Trading (OFT) for Powys.
They are Britain's most successful Olympians, they are the most decorated British Olympians of all time, and now they are engaged to be married.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has confirmed the authenticity of a series of photographs showing the bodies of at least 6,786 people who died in detention or after being transferred from military hospitals in Syria.
The Northern Ireland secretary has been criticised for not taking his seat until after the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin's Croke Park.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it is investigating an incident in which Al Merreikh's Hatim Otogo-Castane appeared to head-butt the head of Kawkab Marrakech's Youssouf Otogo.
It is a bright, sunny day, and the sun is beating down on the American flag-waving crowd.
Gaia Vince has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about the Anthropocene.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of the Thai capital, Bangkok, in a show of anger ahead of 2 February elections.
A man has been charged over the alleged attempted murder of a woman who was run over while checking on her car.
Scotland will not be given the power to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD) for now, despite calls from Scottish airports for the tax to be devolved.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team on their summer tour of New Zealand in 2017.
Satellite images suggest Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed an ancient Christian monastery in Iraq, believed to be one of the country's oldest.
Veterans who served in the armed forces in the last 50 years have no greater risk of suicide than non-veterans, according to a new study.
More than a million elderly and disabled people in England and Wales are not getting the care they need because of cuts to social care budgets, a review has found.
James Anderson has hit back at criticism from Geoffrey Boycott of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan, saying he is a "world-class player".
A 19th Century mansion in Dumfries which was once described as "an enchanted land to me" is to be transformed into a national centre for children's literature.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi ei chynnwys ar y rhestr am eu bod yn cynnig rhywbeth newydd i ymwelwyr i Gymru.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats have accused UKIP of "creeping privatisation" and UKIP leader Nigel Farage of wanting a private-style health care system.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline has been fined by the UK's competition regulator for breaching the law over its treatment of its rival's drugs.
A Nottingham-born footballer who founded one of the world's most successful football clubs, AC Milan, should be honoured in his home city, a Nottinghamshire writer has said.
A case of avian flu has been confirmed at a farm in Lincolnshire.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A man with a gun was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama even though he had not been authorised to carry a weapon, US media report.
Bydd Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi eu swyddogion hwy yn ymweld â Chyngor Sir Arfon Roberts yn ei garej Bryn Eira.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi have met for the first time since Shwe Mann was ousted from his political party.
The law on hunting in England and Wales needs to be strengthened after no charges were brought against members of the Cheshire Forest Hunt over a "horrific" hunt.
US House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner has announced he will step down from Congress at the end of October.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi is visiting Silicon Valley for the first time since he took office in May 2014.
Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell has blamed a "extreme political, union and media campaign" for damaging the company's reputation.
Two Canadian citizens have been detained in China on suspicion of drug trafficking.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every Premier League game this season.
Libya's new UN-backed government says it is ready to send arms to help it take on so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the country.
The former treasurer of Spain's governing conservative Popular Party (PP) is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations of illegal payments.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has met his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina in Dhaka.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer who thought his abuser was dead.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Four British tourists who were jailed in Malaysia after stripping naked on a mountain peak have been sentenced to jail terms.
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot in the UK and Ireland, despite competition from Finding Dory and War Dogs.
The proportion of women having a Caesarean section is higher in the UK than anywhere else in the European Union, according to a study.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended while an investigation takes place into allegations of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the World Taekwondo Championships in London in 2017 has been accepted by the International Olympic Committee.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new contract to stay at the Spanish club until June 2018.
Mae cyngor y Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu yng Nghymru wedi cadarnhau dros y degawd diwethaf.
Former world number one Mark Williams will play in the first qualifying round of the World Snooker Championship on Tuesday.
Twelve people have been charged after a protest against Heathrow Airport was held in the early hours of the morning.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been fired by President Donald Trump.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Hossein Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta from their contracts.
A former Gloucestershire Police officer has been jailed for carrying out a series of sex attacks on vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline the Isle of Wight Festival in 2015.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Russia, his lawyer has said, saying he has not yet applied for temporary asylum in the country.
Norwich City manager Danny Money has announced he is to leave the Championship club at the end of the current season.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country will not be held responsible for any Israeli military action in Syria.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized on a river in Surrey.
A World War Two fountain named after Czech and Slovak soldiers who took part in a daring mission to assassinate a Nazi police chief has been unveiled.
More than £30m will be spent on cultural events in Hull during the city's year of celebration, organisers have said.
David Crompton has been suspended as chief constable of South Yorkshire Police following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has announced plans to halve the number of asylum-seekers it takes in, amid growing concern over the migrant crisis in Europe.
A team of international investigators looking into the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine says it has found parts from a suspected Buk missile system.
A convicted child sex offender was allowed to apply to become a foster carer despite being disciplined for inappropriate behaviour with children, it has emerged.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been treated for the first time in the world with a pioneering treatment.
Fossils from the earliest known pine trees have been discovered in Canada, according to scientists.
A plan to recharge a Norfolk beach with sand and shingle has been described as "completely transparent" by the council's chief executive.
Chelsea's return to the top of the Premier League with victory over Tottenham shows Antonio Conte is taking charge of a new era at Stamford Bridge.
Great Britain's Jack Burnell won the men's 100m breaststroke title at the London Anniversary Games with a superb display.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has said it will be seen as a "lack of leadership" if his party does not have the support of the Ulster Unionists at the Northern Ireland Executive table.
Plymouth have signed Sunderland midfielder Jack Rooney and Sunderland defender Jordan Nelson on loan.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £30,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players in Saturday's Premier League game at Villa Park.
Three women have been arrested after a pupil died after falling into a swimming pool at a state school.
Richmond's Emma Croker will make her first Six Nations appearance of the Women's Six Nations when England host Ireland on Saturday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot dead in north Belfast on Saturday night.
Debris from an area of woodland near Loch Ness could be the source of the Loch Ness Monster, experts have suggested.
Growth in the UK economy slowed slightly in the second quarter of the year, official figures show, but overall output was still 2.6% higher than a year earlier.
A road in County Durham has been closed after a bridge was damaged in a suspected arson attack.
Mauritius goalkeeper Leopold Leopard has been arrested on suspicion of drug dealing after police found heroin with him at his home.
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate and title rival Lewis Hamilton to take a dominant victory in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Artist Damien Hirst has announced he is to write a book about his early life and work, to be published in October.
Aberdeen chairman Stewart Milne has said the club is in a "fairly sound position" despite a "challenging period" for Scottish football.
Two dogs left homeless after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash in Snowdonia have found new owners.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a two-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a head-on crash which closed a major road.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car in Staffordshire.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Lianne Sorensen has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A fitness centre has closed its doors for the final time after it was forced out of its former home in Wrexham.
Yorgos Morricone says he was "flattered" to be asked to score Quentin Tarantino's latest film, The Hateful Eight, despite previously criticising the director's use of music.
Nile Dasaolu secured a 100m spot at the Olympic Games with a superb display at the British Indoor Championships in London.
More than a quarter of a million children in Australia are living in poverty, according to a new report.
Up to 200 jobs are to be created at a former Sanofi factory in Northumberland, it has been announced.
Premier League champions Leicester Lions have been given a new lease of life by new owner Steve Bates.
Police are investigating the death of a man who died after being found seriously injured at an industrial unit in Nottinghamshire.
A woman charged with murdering her two-year-old daughter has been remanded in custody at Belfast City Hospital under the Mental Health Act.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man who was found stabbed to death in his home have renewed their appeal for information a year after his death.
Contractors who use unauthorised head-down restraints on deportees should be dismissed, MPs have said.
A Kenyan scientist has discovered a possible new treatment for breast cancer that could offer hope to those who suffer from the disease.
Early treatment with life-saving HIV drugs can halve the risk of Aids, a study shows.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player-manager Gary McAllister on a short-term deal.
Farmers in England will be able to maintain their own drainage ditches under new government plans to reduce the risk of flooding.
An English man has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man after breaking the world record for the car walk and running 20m with a Volkswagen Beetle on his shoulders.
More than 5,000 people were conned out of their money by scammers last year, according to figures from fraud prevention group Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have raised concerns about some Muslim and Christian schools, including a lack of respect for women and "inappropriate" books for pupils.
Worcestershire all-rounder Mitchell Santner has signed a new contract to stay with the club for the 2017 season.
West Ham Ladies' team have signed a deal with the club to become a "part of the West Ham family".
Drama school fees, low pay and a lack of diversity behind the scenes are contributing to a "diversity crisis on our stages and screens", a Labour-led inquiry into the arts in England has found.
Southampton booked their place in the Capital One Cup quarter-finals with a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Former Manchester United assistant manager Michael O'Leary has won his case against Al Ahli for wrongful dismissal.
Former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks and ex-News of the World editor Andy Coulson have appeared in court charged with conspiring to unlawfully intercept communications.
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been charged with doping by the country's anti-doping authorities.
A man who bombarded his ex-girlfriend with abusive messages and set fire to her car has been jailed.
Mexican footballer Alan Pulido has escaped from a house in the northern state of Tamaulipas where he was kidnapped while on the phone with his kidnapper.
Bournemouth earned their first Premier League win of the season as they came from behind to beat Leicester City at Vitality Stadium.
Uefa president Michel Platini will appeal against his suspension from football's world governing body Fifa after being found guilty of corruption charges.
British airline Monarch is in talks with the aviation regulator about its financial situation, the BBC understands.
Plans to create a new police and crime authority in the Cotswolds could see the "end of Gloucestershire Police as we know it", it has been claimed.
A council has said it has moved "dramatically" away from the brink of going "bankrupt" after announcing 1,400 job cuts and service cuts.
Goldman Sachs has announced it will no longer conduct face-to-face interviews with students as part of its search for new analysts.
Liverpool maintained their perfect start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Leicester City at Anfield.
Gloucester will play Bath in the European Challenge Cup final after a hard-fought bonus-point win over La Rochelle at the Ricoh Arena.
A gay couple have become the first in New Zealand to marry under the country's new Pastafarian religion.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged four alleged members of Russia's FSB intelligence agency with hacking into Yahoo accounts.
Football clubs should use their own in-house systems to stop illegal resale of tickets, says the Football Supporters Federation (FSF).
The chief executive of infidelity infidelity website Ashley Madison has been targeted in a massive email hack, according to security experts.
The population of Northern Ireland is expected to rise by 10.4%, or 498,500 people, from mid-2014 to mid-2039.
Conor Thomas scored a late winner as Swindon beat Millwall 1-0 at the County Ground.
An appeal for information about a missing man whose body was found in a car park in May has gone national.
A lorry driver has been caught up in a head-on collision on the A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Artificial intelligence (AI) has been trained to spot the most common type of skin cancer - melanoma - after being shown thousands of images of skin.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's season-opening Premier League match against Tottenham, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been given a suspended prison sentence after admitting drink-driving.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed due to flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
A red-necked leopard has been released back into the wild after being rescued in Carmarthenshire.
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell is recovering in hospital after having a heart attack.
Hundreds of people gathered in Portsmouth on Saturday for VJ Day commemorations.
Tributes have been paid to a "good man" who died after being knocked out in a boxing match.
Tributes have been held in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where a landslide triggered by heavy rain on Monday killed 84 people.
Venezuela and Cuba have long been seen as socialist allies, but now the relationship between the two countries is rapidly deteriorating.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be switched off for the last time as part of major repairs to the Tower of London's clock tower.
Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says his team "deserved" to beat Real Madrid but admitted they "must improve" after being held to a 1-1 draw at the Bernabeu by Luka Modric.
A hunt manager has told a court he was present when a fox was pursued by hounds at a hunt site in the Scottish Borders.
A former purchasing manager who spent £10,000 a month on electrical goods and then sold them to his colleagues for charity has been ordered to pay back £115,000.
Russia's agriculture minister has dismissed the idea of adding a European wine ban to its list of sanctions against the EU, saying it would be a "radical" move.
A British man arrested in India has been told he will be allowed to return to the UK after charges against him were quashed.
Scotland's nursing and midwifery workforce is at its lowest ever level, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched him in the stomach while he was crying, a court has heard.
A diver who carried out a search of the wreck of HMS Coventry after it sank in the South Atlantic says he felt he was "diving on a war grave".
Seabed rights have been granted to two tidal demonstration zones in Pembrokeshire and Anglesey.
Jockey AP McCoy was honoured with a hero's welcome as he rode in his final race at Epsom.
A judge has ruled that airlines in the UK must pay compensation to passengers who claim they should have been compensated for delays of three hours or more.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations the US spied on her mobile phone are "grave".
Swansea City's Under-19s have won the EFL Cup for the first time after beating Reading in the final.
Plans to turn part of Stonehenge into a dual carriageway without adequate protection for the site are "not worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham has said he is "out but realistic" of winning the contest.
The Conservatives have been urged to clarify whether they will cut the top rate of income tax for those earning over £150,000 if they win the election.
The plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar has become the focus of intense international attention, but how much should the world be doing to help them?
The inheritance tax (IHT) system - where you pass on money, property or possessions to your descendants without paying any tax - has long been one of the world's most relaxed.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to sell its Dundee-based stockbroking business to Dundonians-based investment firm Brewin Dolphin.
The BBC World Service is to launch 11 new languages as part of plans to reach half a billion people around the world by 2022.
A bus driver has been found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud after staging a series of hit-and-runs on First Group buses.
A Canadian man says he's lucky to be alive after being struck by lightning at his son-in-law's wedding.
Children who play with touchscreens for long periods of time at night may be adversely affected by their sleep, research suggests.
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of back-rowers Adam May, centre Laurence Pope and full-back Laurence Moyle for the rest of the season.
Two teenagers have been killed in a head-on crash in Cumbria.
More than half of local authorities in Wales are planning to make webcasting of council meetings a statutory requirement under plans being considered by ministers.
Kurt Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps moved into the top four of the Premiership with victory over Bath at the Ricoh Arena.
Ricky Gervais' wife Nikki has been telling Newsround how she stays safe online and how she deals with online trolls.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to appear in court in Glasgow.
A suspected al-Shabab militant has released a video purporting to show a man handing over a laptop to a suspected bomber on a Turkish Airlines flight that was bombed in Somalia last week, killing 74 people.
Mauricio Macri promised to be a president for all Argentines when he took over from Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, but what do we know so far about the man who will be the country's next president?
The mother of a man accused of murdering a pensioner who was stabbed 39 times in a road rage attack has told a court she feared her son was involved in the killing.
Community shares are to be sold to help raise £300,000 towards the restoration of a Grade II-listed pier damaged by fire.
Microsoft has defended its search of a blogger's Hotmail account, saying it was "legal" under US law.
Welsh Economy Minister Ken Skates has claimed it will take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the standard he wants, if current spending levels continue.
A man has died following a road crash in County Down.
South Africa's highest university has voted to remove a statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes from its campus after a student protest.
Newport County manager Graham Westley should be "focusing on his own side" rather than the pitch at Rodney Parade, says Newport Gwent Dragons chairman Gareth Davies.
GCSE results show 66.6% of pupils in Wales have achieved an A*-C grade.
East Midlands Airport is celebrating 50 years since it was officially opened.
More than 50 British fugitives are being sought by police in Spain as part of a nationwide appeal to trace the UK's most wanted criminals.
British number one Andy Murray's assistant coach Steve Sears has apologised for swearing at the ATP World Tour Finals in Melbourne.
Boat owners have been warned by Jersey's Environment Department about the dangers posed to seabirds and the environment after a number of people have been seen swimming on the island's coral reefs.
People in Wrexham are being asked to suggest names for a new prison which will be built in the town.
League Two side Forest Green Rovers have signed left-back Mark Roberts from Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been found in the River Cumbria after a man got into difficulty swimming in the river.
A three week old baby boy has died after being mauled to death by his family's dog at a house in Gateshead.
A man accused of removing an electronic monitoring device from his ankle because his dog chewed at it has been refused bail.
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" Tata Steel has made a "good move" by agreeing a management buyout.
A man who uses a horse-drawn car to get to a McDonald's drive-thru has threatened to stay on the car park in protest.
Valencia's winless run in La Liga extended to eight games as Diego Sanabria scored the only goal in a 1-0 defeat by Deportivo La Coruna for manager Gary Neville.
A judge in Brazil has found a rancher guilty of murdering a conservationist who was shot dead during a land dispute in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat, high-carb diet can lead to a faster weight loss than a low fat one, according to US researchers.
A prison rated "inadequate" by the prison watchdog has been told to make "real improvements" to safety and care for inmates.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain team for the European Indoor Championships, which get under way in Serbia on Saturday.
The future of the NHS in Wales will be "put at risk" if Labour wins the general election, the Conservatives have claimed.
Scotland's public health minister has said it is "deeply concerning" that some hospitals are sourcing food from abroad while others are buying it locally.
Apple has said it expects revenue for the next three months to be lower than the previous three months because of slowing sales of its iPhone.
London-based software trader Anthony Sarao has appeared in court in London accused of helping to cause a "flash crash" in the US stock market.
Great Britain will play Argentina in the semi-finals of the Davis Cup at the Rogers Cup at Centre Court in Toronto in September.
An airport worker who pat-downed Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney Airport has been sacked after a complaint from the foreign ministry.
A man has been taken to hospital after a gas leak at an industrial unit in Edenderry, County Antrim.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements outside his remit has been cleared of misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South African all-rounder Riki van der Nerwe on a short-term deal.
More than 1,000 people have been ordered to leave their homes in northern California as a huge wildfire continues to burn out of control.
Aberdeen-based gas compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised a further Â£1.5m in funding to expand its operations in Edinburgh.
Bank of Scotland has become the first bank in the UK to introduce a fully plastic note into circulation.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich Town.
Indian sprinter Dutee Chand's journey to the Commonwealth Games final at Glasgow 2014 began with a clean sweep at the 2013 World Indoor Championships, but ended with a dramatic fall from grace.
Four men have been arrested in the Republic of Ireland after drugs with an estimated street value of about Â£200,000 were seized.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the leaders of four European Union member states: "The European Union has to decide if it wants to live or to disappear."
Cardiff International Airport should be renamed Cardiff International Airport, a business leader has said.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
The head of cycling's world governing body, Brian Cookson, says he is "not trying to dodge any of his responsibility" for the problems at British Cycling.
The BBC Scotland election debate takes place on BBC One Scotland at 19:30 BST on Thursday, 8 June.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British press of "bias, prejudices and attacks" during a speech to business leaders in London.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by 50%.
Relatives of two British soldiers whose bodies were found in Belgium in World War One have been reunited with their loved ones at a ceremony.
Bydd 40 o feddygon yng Nghymru sydd yn credu efallai bod rhywbeth o'i le yn gallu cyfeirio'r claf.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud mai'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr yn dilyn Brexit yn cael eu diddymu neu eu holynu.
Up to 18,000 Ministry of Defence staff could lose their jobs after the government announced it would release land at 13 military sites in England and Wales for new homes.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge missed the chance to move off the bottom of League Two as they were beaten by Wycombe Wanderers.
England all-rounder Dawid Malan hit a career-best 46 as his side beat South Africa by eight wickets to win the T20 Blast at Taunton.
A chameleon found dead in a Conwy county park has prompted a warning from the RSPCA about the care of exotic animals.
T in the Park organisers have unveiled a new campsite layout in a bid to improve safety at this year's festival.
A Chinese fishing boat has detected two pings from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Chinese state media report.
If you've ever struggled with depression, you'll have been there.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has announced he will not be performing at this year's Brit Awards because of "personal reasons".
Tributes have been paid to a coach who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Liverpool have signed midfielder Jordan Henderson from Premier League rivals Sunderland.
Birmingham City have signed striker Ashley Vaughan on loan from Premier League rivals Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after a crash involving a car and a lorry in Gwynedd.
It is one of the best underdog stories in sports history.
The first World Cup was held in India in 1958, when the country's national team beat England 1-0 in the opening game of the inaugural tournament.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed character to come from behind and beat Aston Villa 1-0.
Mick Fanning has become the first surfer to win the Women's World Surf League (WSL) Pipe Masters title after his brother Peter Fanning died.
Dutch rider Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire.
Greece has been in the news a lot recently because of the country's problems with the Greek government.
A man has been arrested after a man was found with an imitation gun in a block of flats in south London.
Fifa's annual Congress begins in Zurich on Thursday with delegates hoping for some good news for football's governing body.
The only "sensible plan" would be to abandon plans to redevelop London's Euston station, an MP has said.
Belfast City Council has approved plans for a new student housing development in the city centre.
The amount spent on film production in the UK hit an all-time high last year, according to figures from the British Film Institute (BFI).
Schoolchildren from across the UK will take part in this year's BBC Proms as part of the BBC's Ten Pieces project.
British sprinter Cameron Mitchell-Blake has become the first British athlete to run under 20 seconds in the 200m.
Argentina will play England in the quarter-finals of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup after a 2-0 victory over Guinea, while England beat England 1-0 to reach the last 16.
Six teenagers who carried out a series of moped and carjackings in the West Midlands have been jailed.
Dundee Football Club's American owner has said he hopes the club's new stadium in Tannadice will "really enhance" the city.
Serena Williams beat elder sister Venus to win a record 23rd Grand Slam title with victory in the Australian Open final at Melbourne Park.
EastEnders actor Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards.
Councillors are to discuss a number of major infrastructure projects as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal later.
The Green Party of Wales has launched its local election manifesto, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
The new owners of a caravan park on the M1 motorway have said they want to improve the look of the site after buying it from Lincolnshire council.
Josh Coetzer believes Scotland can build on their historic World Twenty20 win over Hong Kong when they begin their one-day international series against Afghanistan in Edinburgh on Monday.
The former home of John Lennon has been sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Pembrokeshire has been reunited with the family of a soldier who served in it.
The mother of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years without his family's consent has said it is "devastating" they have been "made a big mistake".
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says he is "devastated" by the leg break suffered by Peterborough United player-manager Grant Leadbitter in training on Friday.
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply in early trade after a state-owned investment firm sold shares in some of the country's biggest banks.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets fly-half Scott Williams.
A prison crane has been used to remove drugs from its roof after they became lodged on the roof of the building.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway have paid tribute to them.
Two former prison officers are helping to find jobs for ex-offenders who are struggling to find work after leaving jail.
Morelos state prosecutors in Mexico have begun exhuming the remains of 1,200 suspected missing people from a mass grave in the northern state.
Some species of animal may not be able to cope with the effects of global warming, according to scientists.
Plans to build a new motorway on the Gwent Levels could have an "adverse environmental impact" on rare water invertebrates, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England decided not to raise interest rates.
The head of the Grenfell Tower inquiry has written to Prime Minister Theresa May asking for her support for a wide-ranging investigation into the cause of the fire which killed 80 people.
A German man working for Germany's foreign intelligence agency has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US.
A performance of Matilda has been cancelled at the Royal Shakespeare Company's Cambridge Theatre after the actress playing the character's voice was taken ill.
Drivers should have the same legal protection as those in England and Wales from "over-zealous" private parking charges, Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) has said.
Cardiff North has become the first Welsh seat to be won by Labour in the general election, with the Conservatives losing their Cardiff North seat.
Eurozone finance ministers have said they will not be "non-negotiable" over the terms of Greece's international bailout after the conservative New Democracy party won Sunday's election.
The Opec group of oil producers - the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) - looks like it is ready to take action to prop up the oil price.
Switzerland striker Zeli Mehmedi says he will not swap jerseys with Lionel Messi when his side take on Argentina in their World Cup quarter-final on Tuesday.
David Cameron has been to Cardiff twice before.
A 35-year-old man will not face court action over an alleged indecent assault on a teenage girl in Aberdeen harbour.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Macca Jebb has signed for Premier League side Arsenal on loan for the rest of the season from League One rivals Shrimpers.
A controversial documentary about social exclusion in the meat industry has been refused permission to be screened at the Mumbai Film Festival.
Archaeologists have pieced together fragments of ancient stone flooring found at one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam.
Salmon exports rose sharply in the first half of the year, helping to boost food and drink exports, according to industry figures.
Wycombe will travel to Blackpool in the second round of the EFL Trophy, while Oxford will host Scunthorpe.
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing Â£1,000 from a cancer research charity in the city centre.
Young adults are the biggest victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new survey.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after the body of a man was found at a house in Dundee.
More than 1,000 people have now been charged as part of a police investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland.
A man has pleaded guilty to hacking charges after the Mumsnet website was targeted in a series of cyber attacks.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death at a house in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
People across Wales will go to the polls on 5 May to choose their preferred local council to run for office.
Singer Phil Collins has donated his extensive collection of Alamo memorabilia to the US state of Texas.
Castleford produced a stunning second-half comeback to beat Wakefield and secure a top-eight finish in Super League.
Falkirk manager Mixu Paatelainen believes the battle to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership will be "right down to the wire".
A "huge" iguana has spent three months living on top of a tree in Suffolk, apparently refusing to come down.
It's almost time for one of the biggest night of the year, the Brit Awards!
The UK has played a key role in assembling the spacecraft that will be one of the world's most ambitious space missions.
Uber is facing a lawsuit from a female employee who claims she was sexually harassed at work.
David De Gea's proposed move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has fallen through after the Spanish transfer window closed at 23:00 BST.
The United States is reportedly planning to ban laptops and other large electronic devices from cabin baggage on some flights from European airports.
Details of the prime minister's office and chancellery in Brussels have been found on the computer used by one of the bombers who carried out the Brussels attacks last week, Belgian media report.
A dispute between Chinese law enforcers and a watermelon farmer has led to the death of a fruit-seller, sparking outrage on microblogs and social media.
Women's Champions League holders Manchester City Women have signed Netherlands international midfielder Angharad Middag from Dutch club Ajax Amsterdam.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after being taken to hospital with an eye injury he suffered in a match on Saturday.
Substitute Danny Hylton scored a late equaliser as Luton held Exeter to a 1-1 draw at Kenilworth Road.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album of previously unreleased tracks, called Untitled Unmastered.
Thousands of people have descended on London for the annual Snowfest, which is taking place in the city centre.
Manchester City Council bosses are to be given a pay rise of up to 20% as part of a pay review of senior posts.
Canadian MPs are debating whether to change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to make it gender-neutral.
A former sports doctor accused of sexually abusing young girls has been ordered to stand trial on child sex abuse charges.
A woman who was jailed for plotting to murder the prime minister of England during World War One is being honoured with a blue plaque at her former home in Derby.
Tributes have been paid to five British people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized in Canada.
South Korea's Lydia Ko became the youngest winner of a major when she won the US Women's PGA Championship at the Lotte Championship in New Jersey.
Tottenham midfielder N'Golo Bentley has signed a new contract with Borussia Monchengladbach.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's ex-boyfriend to death in front of two young children has been jailed for life for his murder.
Tony Andreu missed a late penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers played out a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of June as restructuring costs continue to bite.
Sales at Argos have fallen for the first time since the retailer was taken over by Sainsbury's in a £1.3bn takeover.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the role of the army in the Arab Spring.
Vanessa Hill is one of the most successful back-up singers in pop history.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in the Gran Fondo cycling event in Manchester city centre.
A Muslim woman has been shot dead in the southern Indian city of Chittoor in the state of Kerala, police say.
A man has been jailed for injuring a police officer who was hit by a stolen car while attempting to stop a suspected burglar.
A man has died after falling overboard from a yacht off the Aberdeenshire coast.
A woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend told police she feared he was "obsessed" with her, a court has heard.
A collection of vintage Victorian and Edwardian prams and other items belonging to a family business has sold at auction for more than double its estimate.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by nine wickets in the One-Day Cup to win a local derby at Chelmsford.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be cautioned by police for sexting.
A man who sent a hoax bomb threat to Bristol Airport which caused "significant disruption" to thousands of passengers has been jailed for six months.
England produced a stunning batting display to take complete control of the first Test against Australia in Cardiff.
Huddersfield Giants prop Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have become the first handset-makers to release handsets with lithium-ion batteries larger than the Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has classified processed meat into one of five groups - Group 1 and Group 2A - meaning it definitely causes cancer.
Members of the Southern rail conductors' union are to go on strike in a dispute over changes to the role of conductors.
A dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was responsible for the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's offer to EU citizens to keep their rights is a "good start".
South Korea's Kim Sei-young beat Spain's Angelique Ciganda in a play-off to win the Lotte Championship at Baltusrol.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action after a party used a photo of her boyfriend on a leaflet promoting gender teaching in schools.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won silver in the women's bouldering bouldering at the World Championships for the first time in her career.
Dairy Crest has agreed to sell its loss-making UK dairies business to a private equity firm.
The UK consumer is starting to "splutter", according to Visa, the world's largest credit card company.
A disabled man who was left trapped in a train when his leg became stuck in the doors of a moving carriage has spoken of his "horrific" experience.
A fountain in Warwickshire which had to be switched off because of the hosepipe ban is to be filled again after the council agreed to buy water from a nearby lake.
British astronaut Tim Peake is due to launch into space on Tuesday.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was found with gunshot wounds to his chest at a house in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso held off a late challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and McLaren's Jenson Button to win the Spanish Grand Prix.
The number of people killed in floods in Japan's Fukuoka prefecture has risen to 36 after the death toll from Wednesday's torrential rain rose to 36, the government says.
The rise of the second screen, or companion device, has been discussed at the International Broadcasting Conference (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage players Liam Waddington and Callum Davies from Dundee United.
A record number of seals have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve, with conservationists predicting another record-breaking year is on the cards.
Gibbons were once a common sight across China before the country's population began to crash, according to researchers.
MPs have voted to approve the government's planned rise in VAT from 17.5% to 20%.
The UK government should work with the European Union to ensure the UK's steel industry has maximum flexibility in its procurement laws, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has agreed a deal with Abu Dhabi United Group to build 1,000 new homes in the city centre.
Liverpool take on Premier League leaders Chelsea at Anfield for a place in the top four for the first time this season on Saturday.
British number one Laura Robshaw beat world number one Kirsty Waters to win the women's singles title at the British National Championships in Nottingham.
Jeremy Corbyn has a reputation for not being afraid to speak out against the kind of intolerance that the vast majority of the Labour Party - and the public - find appalling.
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to its hit film Frozen, which was released in 2014.
Wembley will host the Women's FA Cup final in front of a record crowd of 32,912 for the first time, it has been announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday.
Burnley moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places thanks to Andre Gray's late double at Bolton Wanderers.
Batsman Liam Livingstone's unbeaten 63 put Lancashire in a strong position against Nottinghamshire on day three of the County Championship match at Trent Bridge.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the Olympic long jump title at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died in a head-on crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to a "kind, caring, adorable and loving mum".
Dog owners are being urged to stop using plastic bags to clean up their pets' mess on UK beaches.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after being sent off in the 1-0 defeat by Manchester City on Saturday.
More than 30 men have been found guilty of being part of an international gang who stole artefacts worth up to £17m from museums and an auction house.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how East African leaders are learning from one another.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are the world's two largest international finance institutions, working for economic recovery and development.
A man has completed a challenge to swim across the River Mersey in a Speedo to raise money for a Liverpool hospice.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side must change their "winning mentality" after losing the FA Cup final 1-0 to Arsenal.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend was disappointed with his side's lacklustre display in their 1872 Cup semi-final defeat by Edinburgh at Scotstoun.
One of Scotland's oldest shipyards is set to close its doors for the final time after being taken over by BAE Systems.
A man accused of pouring sulphuric acid into a woman's face and posting a revenge porn video on Facebook has told a court he did not want to carry out the attack.
England manager Roy Hodgson should select Tottenham striker Harry Kane for the Euro 2016 squad, says Arsenal defender Danny Murphy.
Andy Murray produced a battling display to beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets and reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
The inventor of Etch A Sketch, one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died.
The government has announced plans to sell its majority stake in the Green Investment Bank (GIB), saying it will use the money to invest in green projects.
London's first solarbox - a phone charging station which uses solar power to charge mobile phones - has been unveiled in the capital.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its Galaxy Note 7 phablet after a second batch of phones overheated and caught fire.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to four counts of indecent assault against four boys.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken another amazing picture of Mars.
A health board has been accused of breaching confidentiality after a summary of an investigation into claims made by a Labour MP about her husband's death was made public.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed to death in Bristol.
Ofsted has asked Education Secretary Nicky Morgan to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools it has identified.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial City Garden Project.
One of the most successful submariners of World War Two is being honoured at his childhood home in Dumfries and Galloway.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi will stand trial on tax fraud charges, a court in Spain has ruled.
Rangers will host the winners of a Scottish Cup fifth-round replay between Hamilton Academical and Dunfermline Athletic.
Hospital referrals could be temporarily halted because of a "cash-strapped" NHS, doctors' leaders have warned.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if asked.
Taiwan is the world's fourth largest Buddhist country, but unlike most other countries, its emphasis on giving back to society - and caring for others - is a new way of practising the religion.
A new outdoor play garden has opened at a children's hospital in Newport.
More than half of new mothers who breastfeed their newborns say they are unsure if they will continue to do so, according to a survey.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to helping her husband fight for so-called Islamic State in Syria.
The European Union has agreed to create a single EU list of tax havens, in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Nigeria international defender Efe Ambrose from Celtic for an undisclosed fee on transfer deadline day.
A warning has been issued to walkers after a rare bird was attacked by three people with sticks and stones on the Isle of Wight.
(Close): US shares closed higher on Monday, lifted by strong results from Bank of America and other banks.
Retail tycoon Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator before the end of the week to try to reach a deal over the future of the BHS pension scheme, the BBC understands.
Scotland prop Leone Nakarawa has become the latest Glasgow Warriors player to leave the Pro12 champions.
Warwickshire off-spinner Ish Sodhi has signed a new long-term contract with the Bears.
The number of women being treated for breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to increase by two thirds again, according to new figures.
A group of former senior military commanders have written to the prime minister calling for a review of the government's defence review after the loss of an aircraft carrier.
An international team of scientists are heading to a remote part of the Indian Ocean in a bid to find out more about the Earth's crust.
Boredom can be unpleasant enough that some people would pay to be zapped to get away with it, a study suggests.
A man and a teenager have been re-arrested after a dog mauled a teenage girl to death in Kent.
A man has been stabbed and a man killed in a suspected hit-and-run in south-east London.
A team of scientists has discovered that jumping spiders use their silk to fine-tune the orientation of their bodies mid-air.
Exeter Chiefs players Tim Horstmann, Alex Salvi, Tom Atkins and Nick Salvi have all signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will work with new Leyton Orient owner Francesco Becchetti to ensure a smooth start to the new season.
It's that time of year again as the new Premier League season gets under way.
Power-sharing talks between the DUP and Sinn Féin dominate the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter, while the Daily Mirror leads with the story of a nine-year-old boy who was critically injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
Domino's Pizza Group, which owns the UK's biggest pizza chain, has reported a sharp rise in profits last year, helped by a rise in online orders and the success of its app.
National League side Scunthorpe United have signed ex-Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Michael Osbourne on a short-term deal.
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, officials say.
Democratic Unionist leader Gerry Murphy has said he will not be seeking re-election in Northern Ireland's assembly election in May.
US President Barack Obama arrived at the African Union (AU) headquarters in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to a thunderous welcome.
Colin Farquhar has been released from hospital after recovering from a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling race.
The sister of a teenager who was hit by a train while playing on the railway has called for more to be done to stop young people trespassing on the tracks.
Golfer Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help to manage his medications and ways of dealing with back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities is due to come into effect in the Syrian city of Aleppo on Thursday, the US says, calling on all parties to abide by the agreement.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will discover their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday when the draw for the Europa League draw takes place.
A man accused of setting fire to a house with 11 people - including four children - inside - was detained by police later that night, a court has heard.
The row between French President Francois Hollande and the left over his proposal to strip convicted terrorists of their French citizenship is fast becoming one of those abstract points of principle on which the French left loves to tear itself apart.
The Green Party has pledged to scrap the so-called "tampon tax" if it wins the general election.
A large amount of money has been stolen and a cash machine damaged in a suspected gas explosion at a shop in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has missed a deadline to tell customers whether or not they should be charged extra for no claims bonus insurance, the competition regulator has said.
South African Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is due to appear before a judge to appeal against his acquittal of murder.
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of trying to preserve the Islamist group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham as a "Plan B" for changing the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A giant water slide has opened in County Londonderry to raise money for cancer research.
A high-profile documentary on air pollution in China has been removed from the popular Chinese video site Youku, sparking fears it has been censored.
A man has been left badly shaken after a gang of men forced their way into a house in Newtownbutler, County Antrim.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham and Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
More than 2,000 children in England were sexually exploited in 2010-11, says a government-backed report into child sexual exploitation.
Edrington Distillery has announced that Crawford Gillies will take over from Jim Murray as chair of the company.
(Close): The pound rose against the euro and the dollar as the FTSE 100 closed higher, boosted by a rise in the value of the pound against the dollar.
The new leader of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has issued his first public audio message as head of the militant group.
Worcestershire's teenage off-spinner Luke Tongue produced a stunning spell of bowling to help his side fight back against Glamorgan at Headingley.
A lollipop lady was killed when she was hit by a car which failed to stop for a red light, a court has heard.
Former England midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
More than £12,000 has been raised for a triathlete who died while competing in a charity event.
Barcelona have paid 13,550,830.56 euros (£12,890,000) in tax as part of an investigation into Brazilian forward Neymar's transfer to the club.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in clean energy, according to a new table.
A temporary footbridge is to be built in a Lincolnshire town to replace a damaged Victorian road bridge.
A non-league football team has returned to Scarborough for the first time since going into exile.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 stun guns that can be used as a stun gun and as a torch.
Malaysian Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has announced he is stepping down from his post.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after a man was found seriously injured on a hillside in West Lothian.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has been trending on Twitter after a video of him sporting a spray tan went viral.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has become embroiled in a fresh controversy over his childhood - this time over allegations that he once attempted to murder a child.
Nigeria Football Association chairman Samson Adamu says he is unaware of an investigation into his conduct as a member of Fifa's executive committee.
African art has become one of the world's most valuable cultural exports, worth   Â£1bn (US$1.3bn).
The art of making maps of dark matter is in a golden age, thanks to a number of experiments.
Nigeria's senate is considering a bill to criminalise social media use and fine people found guilty of posting abusive messages.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised to former assistant manager Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's government has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of suspected leaders of the Islamist group Boko Haram.
A cat called George the Cat has found a new job at a supermarket.
More than 150 migrants have been rescued from a sinking dinghy off the coast of Libya after it was attacked by armed men from a speedboat, a rescue group says.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was shot dead by Taliban fighters in southern Afghanistan.
The Conservatives spent more money on their European election campaign than the Liberal Democrats, Labour and the Conservatives combined, according to the latest figures from the Electoral Commission.
Hull KR have appointed ex-St Helens and St Helens centre Joe Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in twin explosions outside a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department would be a "disaster", Republican senators have warned.
If you think snow is falling in the southern Indian city of Bangalore, you would be right.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a pensioner and attempting to murder a woman at a house in Newport.
London 2012 Paralympic gold medals will feature a new design, featuring the capital's skyline and the Olympic Stadium, for the World Para Athletics Championships.
More than 1,000 shops in England and Wales have stopped selling so-called legal highs since a ban came into effect in May, figures show.
Photographers across the world have been submitting their images of the night sky for this year's Sky Photographer of the Year competition.
If you were wondering what it would be like to trade on the New York Stock Exchange for $123.47, you might have been forgiven.
A man has been jailed for 18 months after admitting voyeuristic photography at a railway station and a shopping centre.
A landmark international agreement to phase out harmful gases from the atmosphere is expected to be agreed in Rwanda later.
EE has become the first mobile phone provider in the UK to test internet connectivity using drones that can beam data to mobile phones.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's win over France sets up a "massive" Six Nations game against England at Twickenham.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam for suggesting he supports the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Planning permission has been granted for a wind farm at Allt Dughaill on Skye.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they will not support the government's Brexit bill unless it gives them "legislative consent".
Ride-sharing firm Uber has admitted it is losing $1bn (Â£700m) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents whose children were due to attend a US-style day camp which was closed amid allegations of child abuse will be able to claim refunds.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight middleweight king Gennady Golovkin "for no belts" after his stunning victory over Amir Khan at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
A man who died after a light aircraft crashed at Dundonald Airfield in County Down on Saturday has been named locally as John McKnight.
Tributes have been paid to England and Preston North End legend Tom Finney, who has died aged 94.
Watford City have signed Dutch striker Jan Verheydt from Dutch club Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's Inter-Services Intelligence agency (ISI).
The death of a baby born after his mother was turned away from a hospital because she was not dilated enough has been ruled a case of misadventure.
Proposals for a "ring-fence" of retail banks across the UK would be a "nightmare" for regulators, the head of a watchdog has warned.
A man has died after being shot in the chest outside a house in Sheffield.
A French tourist has died while snorkelling at an Australian reef where two French tourists died earlier this week.
Scientists in Australia say they have discovered a possible treatment for people who suffer brain damage after a stroke.
The Northern Ireland Executive is being asked to approve a new plan for a joint training college for the fire and prison services.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
In a sun-baked field in the middle of a village in Guyana, a cricket match is under way between two teams of blind cricketers.
As part of the BBC's Tales of the 10 series, we bring you the story of a family who set up a charity to help find a cure for their terminally ill son.
A Dumfries woman who was jailed for defrauding a pensioner out of £200,000 is to appeal against her conviction and sentence.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has had his sponsorship of the Speedo swimwear brand ended by US fashion brands Ralph Lauren, Speedo and Ralph Lauren.
Durham beat Hampshire by seven wickets to secure promotion to Division One of the County Championship after Hampshire's relegation to Division Two was confirmed.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to sign more players as they bid to retain their place in the Premier League.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build a new office development on its waterfront.
A former event-riding champion who was paralysed from the chest down after a horse accident is preparing to run the London Marathon in a bionic walking suit.
California's San Diego County Sheriff's Office has been accused by the US justice department of failing to comply with a court order to improve conditions for inmates.
A man from South Yorkshire has become the first person in the UK to see a cherry blossom growing in his back garden.
Andy Nalbandian is not a big fan of the word "banter" so he might want to think about taking up karate.
Team Sky principal Dave Brailsford praised Luke Rowe for his "incredible" recovery from injury to help Chris Froome win the Tour de France.
Scientists have discovered the fossilised remains of a coal miner's miner's berry.
Hamilton Academical manager Martin Canning hopes new Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will be able to put his own stamp on the Ibrox side when the sides meet on Saturday.
England seam bowler Steven Finn will be recalled for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston, which starts on Wednesday.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has successfully tested its latest spacecraft, the X-37B X-9V.
Guernsey's Policy Council has agreed to put back the opening of a new high school in Guernsey by a month.
A court in Greece has found former Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders to hide tax evasion.
A hospital refused to buy a gold-plated blackout blind for £1,000 from a supplier after a senior doctor claimed it would have cost more than £2,000.
Russia's opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been jailed for six years for embezzlement.
A man has been found guilty of raping a pensioner at her home in south London.
The number of IVF cycles that Scottish couples are entitled to should be increased from one to three, according to a leading fertility charity.
Winter is proving "difficult" for hospitals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland as they struggle to cope with rising demand, doctors say.
A tram line has been tested in Manchester city centre as part of a major expansion of Greater Manchester's Metrolink network.
The maker of the controversial EpiPen allergy treatment is to start selling a cheaper version of the product, following a backlash over sharp price rises.
Britain's Kell Brook will have surgery on a head injury he suffered in his WBO world welterweight title defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has decided not to go ahead with plans for a half-marathon to raise money for a children's charity.
Crystal Palace striker Yannick Bolasie could be sold to a Premier League club for £5m, but the Eagles would have a queue from "from here to wherever" for him.
Michael Gove has been accused of "startling revelations" about the government's plans to change the EU's common fisheries policy after Brexit.
An Indian soldier who was trapped in an avalanche at the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week has regained consciousness, the army has said.
The UK's economy grew by 0.6% in the three months to September, according to official figures.
Wigan's home game against Peterborough United on Saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
A convenience store has been damaged by a suspected gas explosion after it was targeted in an arson attack.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in West Lothian have appealed for three men seen in the area at the time to come forward.
Humberside's chief constable has called on head teachers to allow police officers to take leave of absence from work during the school holidays.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have uncovered a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has insisted he would not exclude himself from becoming prime minister if he did not strike a deal with the SNP, as David Cameron urged voters not to vote tactically.
The Super Bowl may be over, but American football is still going strong, with the New England Patriots beating the Atlanta Falcons in Sunday's game at the Super Bowl.
A man has been jailed for murdering his six-year-old granddaughter and taking the rest of her children from her for 18 months.
Jordan Williams scored a stunning late winner as National League Barrow came from behind to beat National League Taunton Town in the FA Cup first round.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has signed for Adelaide Strikers in the Big Bash Twenty20 competition.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has been urged not to transfer work or jobs from Newport to London as part of a review of its economic data collection.
As Iraqi government forces continue their offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul, the BBC's Tom Burridge meets Yazidis living in a refugee camp in northern Iraq.
Michael Clarke dedicated his century in the first Test against England to his late team-mate Phillip Hughes, who died in December.
Disabled passengers at Bristol railway station have been told to call ahead if they need help getting to the platform after temporary measures were put in place.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been targeted by cyber-attackers.
British actor John McCowen, best known for his roles as Q in James Bond films such as Thunderball and Never Say Never Again, has died aged 91.
Roma legend Francesco Totti has signed a new contract with the Serie A club.
South Africa's Hashim Amla and Quinton de Kock hit centuries as England were beaten by eight wickets in the third one-day international.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that most of its members in Northern Ireland support a UK exit from the European Union.
An investigation is under way after a double-decker bus caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate, south-east London.
Morrisons has raised the price of its famous Marmite brand as a result of the fall in the value of the pound.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new glass-enclosed building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to its famous neighbour, the Mackintosh House.
The leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), Owen Smith, has appealed to the European Union to "please, please, do not let Scotland down now".
Sri Lanka batsman Sangakkara Perera has retired from international cricket.
High winds and heavy rain have brought disruption to many parts of Scotland, with many of Scotland's national parks closed and historic sites shut.
The European Commission has agreed a financial aid package to help Northern Ireland farmers hit by falling milk prices.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha praised his players for their hard work in the 1-0 defeat by Hearts at Ibrox.
A Japanese otter will be reintroduced to Scotland as part of efforts to save the species from extinction in Japan.
When I arrived in Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect from my first week of university.
A UKIP general election candidate has apologised after appearing to suggest HIV sufferers should not be treated for free by the NHS.
Brazilian defender Dani Alves will leave Barcelona at the end of the season after eight years at the club.
US rocket company SpaceX has announced that it has carried out a routine test flight of its Falcon rocket, after a rocket carrying a satellite exploded at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Tuesday.
Detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand are to return to the UK to update the families of the victims.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra led his side to a draw against Hampshire at Headingley after a patient century from Tim Ambrose.
People who live outside Wales should not be able to stand as assembly candidates unless they can prove they are "living in Wales", campaigners have said.
It's Labour versus the Tories, all over again.
Mercedes technical boss Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the year.
The disappearance of a knife from a Northumberland prison would have "major safety implications for staff, visitors and prisoners", a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist has been killed in a crash while attempting to set a new national record for the oldest person to ride a motorcycle.
The brother of a British man who died while on holiday in Thailand has spoken of the family's "heartbreaking" loss.
Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies have announced they will change their name to 'Arsenal Women' from 'Arsenal Ladies' from 1 July.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in Surrey.
The parents of a British woman who died from carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in China have said they are "heartbroken" after a coroner recorded a narrative verdict of accidental death.
Labour MPs have defied the party's leadership by voting against a Conservative plan to force future governments to run an absolute budget surplus.
The founder of one of the world's oldest carnivals has said he is "sad and upset" after plans to bring the parade into Leeds city centre have been shelved.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says it is "nice to feel like a football player again" after making his return from injury.
A Canadian man has been arrested in the US on terrorism charges after allegedly travelling to Pakistan to fight against US forces.
Championship leaders Brighton came from 2-0 down to beat Ipswich Town in a game marked by the Shoreham air disaster.
A cash machine has been stolen and a van stolen during a ram-raid on a supermarket in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a missing junior doctor whose body was found in the sea said she was a "sweet, beautiful, kind, loving woman" who "will never be forgotten".
Scotland's ski areas have reported a record number of skiers and snowboarders this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has denied telling the son of Jean McConville that if he released the names of those arrested over her murder, he would be prepared for a backlash.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to move in with a dinosaur?
A mother and father have appeared in court charged with murdering their baby son.
The DUP's Edwin Poots has said Sinn Féin's association with the IRA has left a "stench" in many homes across Northern Ireland.
A 16-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who thought he was a police officer after being mistaken for one, a court heard.
Wigan Warriors prop Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
Hundreds of Orangemen and women have marched through Rossnowlagh, County Donegal, for the annual Twelfth of July parade.
Welsh parties have been publishing their general election manifestos for Wales since the last general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been "very difficult" to add new players to his squad this summer.
Blackpool missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Colchester.
China is "committing to do something about" overcapacity in its steel industry, International Trade Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Hundreds of police officers have attended the funeral of a "infectious personality" and "true friend" of Durham Police.
Wales has the highest take-up rate of super-fast internet in the UK, according to a report from communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels unit in South Yorkshire.
People are being asked for their views on plans to build a travellers' site in Machynlleth.
Work to repair a church spire damaged by woodpeckers has been given the go-ahead.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called US Senator Lindsey Graham's phone number to apologise for calling him an "idiot".
US President Barack Obama has marked the first day of the rollout of his signature healthcare law, saying it will "free millions of Americans from the fear of going broke if they get sick".
A suspicious object that caused a major security alert in Londonderry was a hoax, police have said.
The US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has proposed new guidelines aimed at reducing the use of electronic devices while driving.
Representatives from Northern Ireland will travel to Colombia on Tuesday to attend talks between the Colombian government and the Farc rebels in Bogota.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a garden fence into a canal in Coventry.
Yorkshire's Adam Lyth hit his highest first-class score of the season to help his side fight back against Surrey on a rain-affected third day at The Oval.
A man has been fined Â£500 after a car crashed into a house in Crawley, West Sussex.
Ken Morley has apologised to anyone offended by his "offensive behaviour" on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a burst water main which has been causing major disruption to water supplies in the Republic of Ireland.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a shop in Londonderry.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood has been nominated to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party.
Cumbernauld has won this year's Scottish Design Awards for having Scotland's "most dismal" town centre.
Three men have appeared in court after cannabis with an estimated street value of Â£200,000 was seized by police in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour needs to be "hugely ambitious" about what it wants to achieve, a former shadow Welsh secretary has said.
Harriet Sorenstam believes England's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world.
A Scottish tech entrepreneur has missed out on a £1m investment after his investment in a lost luggage tracker was offered on BBC Scotland's My Lupo.
Bangladesh has fully restored power supplies after a major blackout that hit most of the country on Saturday.
Sports Minister Carál Ní Chuilín is to carry out a full audit of Sport NI's working culture.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to decide whether or not new cancer drugs should be paid for on the NHS, under new government plans.
A pub landlord has been jailed for a "karate chop" attack on a gay man he had previously banned from his premises.
The families of three British schoolgirls thought to be in Syria are "distraught" after learning that two of them have married, a lawyer for their families has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been banned for four games after being sent off in the 2-1 Premier League defeat by Burnley.
Historic cups and saucers from the 17th Century have been stolen from a stately home during a burglary.
The owners of a private hospital where abuse was secretly filmed by the BBC took profits "over and above" patients' welfare, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has retired from all-rounder with immediate effect after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of murdered British student Amanda Kercher, has had his conviction overturned by Italy's Supreme Court.
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says he is "in shock" after Jordan Spieth blew a six-shot lead on the final hole to miss the cut at Augusta.
A Botswana sprinter has accused athletics chiefs of not telling him he had norovirus before he was forced to pull out of the World Championships.
Middlesbrough earned their first home Premier League win of the season as goals from Gaston Ramirez and Stewart Downing saw off 10-man Bournemouth at the Riverside.
The former first minister of Northern Ireland, Lord Bannside, has told the BBC how he hopes Saturday's centenary of the Ulster Covenant parade in Belfast will pass off peacefully.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Craig Thomson on loan for the rest of the season.
Six people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of planning to carry out a terror attack in the capital, Brussels, prosecutors say.
Theresa May has been heckled by angry residents of the Grenfell Tower fire when she met survivors at a church in west London.
Leigh Centurions have agreed a deal to sign Salford Red Devils half-back Ryan Chase from Super League rivals Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
Loganair has been awarded a contract to continue flying between Dundee and London Stansted for another two years.
Anglo American, one of the world's biggest mining companies, has announced plans to cut thousands of jobs as its share price fell 12.3% on Tuesday.
The motorcyclist involved in the crash in which French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie died on Sunday was "as grief-stricken as we are", his team have said.
Ulster and Ireland centre Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract with the province.
The US space agency Nasa has launched a mission to bring back samples from the asteroid Bennu, thought to be 4.5 billion years old.
A Japanese woman has been ordered to return to Japan after a judge ruled she took her son to the UK in breach of his custody rights.
Three people have been airlifted to hospital after a car crashed into a sea promenade.
At least 20 bodies have been found in a mass grave near the Kenyan town of Kibera in the north-east of the country.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been left homeless after a powerful cyclone hit the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Home Office minister Simon Harrington has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have come to the UK under the government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme.
MPs have expressed "grave misgivings" about a criminal courts charge, saying it is not fit for purpose and may not be compatible with the principles of justice.
Supermarket chain Asda has been accused of failing to fix security flaws on its online shopping site that could have allowed hackers to access customers' personal data.
A former drug-smuggling pilot once employed by Colombia's Medellin cartel has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man with an axe.
Mexico stunned Olympic champions Brazil with a 2-0 extra-time win at Wembley.
A new 12-sided £1 coin will be introduced into circulation on 1 July, the Royal Mint has announced.
Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had "a lot of enquiries" about taking up another coaching role with the world number one.
A woman accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has told a court it was a "struggle for life" for her to breathe.
Former England manager Sam Allardyce has been named as Sunderland's new manager.
It's one of Wales' most successful sportsmen and his son is aiming to follow in his father's footsteps and win a Commonwealth Games gold medal.
George and Amal Clooney have called for a UN investigation into whether Islamic State (IS) has committed genocide against the Yazidis in Iraq.
An under-performing school in south-west London is to be merged with another in a bid to save itself from closure.
Eighteen migrants have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a Polish man who was set alight in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said he will not "strongarm" his cabinet into backing him in the EU referendum, but will allow ministers to campaign with their conscience.
A US appeals court has overturned the murder conviction of Brendan Dassey, whose case featured in the Netflix documentary Making a Murderer.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to a hacking group's cyber-espionage tools has been abandoned after criticism from security researchers.
Aston Villa have signed striker Jonathan Kodjia from Championship rivals Bristol City for a club record £10m.
Local authorities are among the worst at improving pupil performance compared with academy chains, according to a new analysis.
Doctor Who fans are celebrating the discovery of the missing episode The Web of Fear after it was found on a television set in Nigeria.
Transport firm Menzies has said it is working towards a "resolution" of a dispute with a customer at London Gatwick Airport that could hit full-year profits.
Russia has accused Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson of being a "poodle" after he cancelled a visit to Moscow to discuss the state of UK-Russia relations.
A police force's poster urging children not to use the threat of going to jail to punish their parents has gone viral.
Police in Scotland are investigating allegations against the late peer Lord Janner that he sexually abused a young boy.
Nottinghamshire County Football Club have announced plans to merge their women's team with Lincoln Ladies.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has said flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland around the world and are counter-productive.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Rihanna has said she and her fiance will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia.
England wrapped up the Women's Rugby World Cup with a bonus-point win over world champions New Zealand at Twickenham to complete a 3-0 series victory.
A drug could extend the life of hip and knee replacements and reduce the number of revision surgeries after they fail, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her own babies.
Head teachers are calling for a national register of school governors who have been barred from governing bodies after claims of a "Trojan Horse" takeover of schools in England.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Matty Taylor scored twice in injury time to rescue a point at MK Dons in League One.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been halted after it was attacked by anti-GM protestors.
Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City from Aston Villa for a club record £8m.
A hospital where a patient died and another was left on a trolley for hours has been ordered to improve the care of its A&E unit.
Deputy First Minister John Swinney is to meet the families of Bailey Gwynne after an independent review into the death of the Glasgow schoolboy.
Ryan Gwynne used to take drugs "every single day" - from the age of 15 to 20.
Urdu is to be included as part of an undergraduate degree at the University of Nottingham, the first time the language has been included in a university degree.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and members of his family are involved in smuggling oil from Islamic State militants into the country, Russia's defence ministry has claimed.
Police at the Download Festival have been posing for selfies with revellers to reassure revellers they are safe.
No serious Brexit negotiations will take place before October or November, the former president of the European Council has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has reported a sharp fall in operating profit for the three months to the end of December, missing analysts' forecasts.
Two distillers in China have been charged with selling alcohol adulterated with Viagra, food safety officials say.
A long-running dispute over pay and conditions for refuse collectors in Bath and North East Somerset has ended.
TalkTalk customers whose personal details were stolen in a cyber attack have been contacted by the telecoms firm, it has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the US Open after carding a six-under 66 in the third round.
A battery-powered car built by Swiss students has set a new record for the fastest 0-100kph (62mph) time for a petrol-powered vehicle.
A Royal Marine accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda had sex with her while she was "very drunk", a court martial has heard.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac and Saracens assistant coach Mark McCall say they would be "devastated" if one of their players did what James Skelton did to fly-half Gareth Davies in Saturday's European Rugby Champions Cup game at the Principality Stadium.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery in the Atlantic Ocean.
Thousands of people have been attending the annual Ice sculpture festival in the Chinese city of Beijing.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams took to the streets of the capital, Accra, to record their debut single, The Bushy Twist.
Tens of thousands of people had to queue for 20 minutes to get into a Premier League game after ticketing problems at the FA Cup match against Tottenham.
(Close): US shares closed lower on Friday despite a positive set of jobs figures from the US Labor Department.
England batsman Kevin Pietersen's long-running dispute with the England and Wales Cricket Board has finally come to an end.
More than 90 genes that cause breast cancer have been identified by scientists analysing the entire DNA code of people.
Scientists have discovered a genetic link between the risk factors for chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the second time in their history.
Members of the University and College Union at the London Metropolitan University have voted to go on strike in a dispute over job losses.
Kilmarnock moved off the bottom of the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over Dundee United.
Glamorgan made a winning start to their T20 Blast campaign with a six-wicket victory over Kent at Canterbury.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of a teenage boy and his aunt in a car crash while being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a safety campaign in memory of their daughter.
Aston Villa midfielder Idriss Gueye has triggered his release clause.
Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations-winning women's team, the Black Falcons, are among the nominees for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year award.
A major road in Bath has reopened after a lorry driver was killed when he crashed into a bus stop.
Welsh runner Andrew Pollock has run his first race since the Rio Olympics as he took part in the London Marathon half marathon.
The leader of Bahrain's main Shia Muslim opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called for the appointment of a member of the royal family as a mediator in talks aimed at ending the political crisis in the Gulf kingdom.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints from parents about a religious lesson in Arabic.
The family of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for the "love, kind words and memories" they have received since his death.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals for the first time since returning from a career-threatening hand injury with a 6-1 7-5 win over American Venus Williams at Eastbourne.
A Loyalist community group in Northern Ireland has unveiled a new flag to commemorate the Battle of the Somme.
Kris Meeke recovered from a last-gasp crash to claim his first World Rally Championship victory of the season at Rally Argentina.
A self-driving car developed by Baidu has been stopped by police in Beijing after its chief executive was filmed apparently sitting in the driver's seat.
Brian Matthew was one of the UK's most successful and influential radio presenters.
Sam Charnley says he is looking forward to "free-flowing" rugby union when he makes his debut for Sale Sharks against St Helens on Saturday.
Israel's new police chief has been sworn in as the country's first Arab police chief.
Theresa May is hoping to change the voting habits of a lifetime in the Conservative heartland of the North-East as she seeks to win the general election in her home town of Consett.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias is expected to make a full recovery from a hand injury he suffered during a concert in Mexico.
The former chief constable of Northern Ireland has called for cannabis to be decriminalised.
Johnny Sexton will make his first start of the British and Irish Lions tour against the Maori All Blacks in New Zealand on Saturday.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has warned.
A man has been shot dead outside a Liverpool barber's shop in the latest in a series of gang-related killings in the city.
The United Nations has been criticised for naming Wonder Woman as its first female honorary ambassador.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been told there was "no basis for a finding of negligence" in a case brought by a Royal Marine who was left paralysed after a diving accident.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after meeting him for the first time since his election victory.
The group stage of Euro 2016 is over and the knockout stage is under way, with eight more teams competing for a place in the last 16.
A transgender woman jailed for assaulting a fellow inmate has appealed against being transferred to a female prison.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a lake after a suspected burglar tried to smash a car window with a hammer.
It's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was released, and the Apple Newton was one of the first touch screen tablets.
League Two side Luton Town have signed on-loan Southend United striker Jordan Pigott from Charlton Athletic on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
TV drama Electric Dreams, based on the life and work of sci-fi writer Philip Dick, has been commissioned by Channel 4.
A girl who was shot in the head in a suspected domestic incident in Northamptonshire is a pupil at her primary school.
A 95-year-old man was taken to the studio of one of the UK's longest-running radio shows after a caller told him he felt "so alone" without his wife.
Plans to temporarily close a hospital's maternity unit because of a shortage of doctors have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered in a Lancashire cave.
Indian sprinter Gurinder Singh says he is the victim of a "clear case of conspiracy" after testing positive for doping.
More than half of England's schools now have a tablet computer for every pupil, according to a study by researchers.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast have begun occupying part of a building in a protest against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have signed Guinea international Abou Camara from Derby County for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Pianist Edwyn Jones has won this year's Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in South Africa's Western Cape province on Wednesday.
Poland's new conservative government says President Beata Szydlo Tusk should be prosecuted over the 2010 Smolensk plane crash that killed 96 people, including President Jaroslaw Kaczynski.
Cardiff City have been declared "highly insolvent" after being relegated from the Premier League.
A man is being treated for serious head injuries after he was found seriously injured in a street in Brighton.
A woman who worked in Sheffield steelworks during World War Two has called for a statue to be erected in honour of the city's women who served in the armed forces.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson is likely to miss the rest of the season after rupturing his anterior cruciate ligament.
Scotland's beaches have been named as some of the country's best for water quality.
Ireland fly-half Jonathan Sexton and midfielders Paul O'Connell and Peter O'Mahony were ruled out of the World Cup with injury as the Irish fought back to beat France in Dublin.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering his partner's two-year-old son by repeatedly hitting him over the head with a garden chair.
Mauritius's long-time Prime Minister Mahatma Jugnauth has announced he is to step down from office.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out what is believed to be the world's first synthetic windpipe transplant.
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa says he has made a "big step" in his career after signing for Scottish Premiership leaders Hearts.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of this year's US Open because of "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead at a hotel in Dundee.
A bus driver has been taking part in a live performance of the Bee Gees on the side of the road in London.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City moved off the bottom of the Premier League with victory over Aston Villa at the bet365 Stadium.
As part of the BBC's World News this week, you have been telling us how you use WhatsApp to keep us informed of the latest news.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK, and scientists are warning that the UK could see many more extremes in the future, because of climate change.
Cambridge United will play Manchester United in the FA Cup fifth round for the first time after a hard-fought second-round replay at home to League Two side Cambridge United.
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to stop air strikes against Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in Dundee.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot dead at a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says he believes his side are still suffering from the "hangover" from their League One FA Cup semi-final defeat by Chelsea.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted the closure of 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed no evidence of E.coli contamination.
The EU has expressed concern over a move by Russia to tighten its border with Georgia, saying it could be "provocative".
Pupils at a French school in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis took part in a minute's silence for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attack on Friday, and then went on to take part in the mass "Je suis Charlie" demonstration.
The UN's Ebola mission has set up its headquarters in Ghana's capital, Accra, as part of its efforts to bring an end to the deadly virus.
Rescue workers in Nepal have rescued two more people from the rubble of collapsed buildings in the capital, Kathmandu, as the death toll from Saturday's earthquake rises to 6,130.
(Close): US shares rose in early trade after the Supreme Court ruled that a key part of the Obama-era healthcare law, known as the "individual mandate", will be upheld.
BBC Sport will broadcast live commentary of South Shields v Bridgeton Town in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
It all started with a simple wave.
Venezuela's opposition-led National Assembly has voted to step down in defiance of the Supreme Court's decision to ban four of its members from taking up their seats.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry thought to be carrying suspected migrants was found in Bedfordshire.
Children who read for pleasure are four times as likely to do better in maths, English and English tests than those who read just for pleasure, research suggests.
Ross County captain Alan Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Scottish Football Association.
The idea of women leading the Church of England has long been rejected by traditionalists because they believe only men should do so.
An heir to the Greggs bakery chain was an "an abuser of children", a court has heard.
The Northern Ireland-based building materials group Northstone has reported a sharp fall in profits for 2012.
The deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, has led to a dramatic change in the country's approach to security.
The US says it has begun training a small number of Islamic State (IS) fighters in Syria as part of a multi-million-dollar effort to take on the militant group.
French voters go to the polls on Sunday for the second round of the presidential election.
The brother of a missing DJ Derek Serpell-Morris has described him as "kind, modest and unassuming" at his funeral.
Adam Lanza, the 19-year-old who carried out the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, may have had some mental health issues, according to those who knew him.
Ireland's women's hockey team have won their first World League 2 title with a 3-0 victory over England in Belfast.
A mental health trust has pleaded guilty to breaching safety guidelines after a patient fell from a hospital roof.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm in Luton.
The chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, has told me that the UK's economy is in a "goldilocks situation" where it is growing, unemployment is low, growth is picking up and the value of the pound is rising.
People should not be denied medication and treatment unless they have paid into the NHS for five years, Welsh Lib Dems have said.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 7-5 6-2 to win the Aegon International in the Brisbane International final.
Morecambe missed the chance to move into the National League play-off places as Mansfield Town came from behind to beat the Shrimps at the Globe Arena.
Two masked men carried out a "vicious attack" on a man at his home in Kilmarnock.
Former Celtic manager Sir Alex Ferguson has praised Rangers midfielder Andy Halliday for outshouting Scott Brown in Saturday's 3-2 win at Ibrox.
Newport County chairman David Foxall says he and the club's board made the "right decision" to sack manager Graham Westley after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Leyton Orient.
The parents of a Scottish woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the authorities to say they are unable to travel to the island for her funeral.
People in the East Midlands are the least satisfied with local councils in England, according to new research.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract with Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction from social media users around the world.
A maths teacher at a school at the centre of the so-called "Trojan Horse" affair has been cleared of misconduct.
League One side Plymouth Argyle have signed former Wales Under-21 goalkeeper David Davies on a short-term deal from Premier League side Cardiff City.
Regular exercise can boost the size of the part of the brain responsible for memory, a study suggests.
An inquest into the death of a man who hanged himself at Craigavon Hospital in County Armagh has found a gross "systemic failure in the basic care provided to him".
A British student stranded in Nepal after the country was hit by a devastating earthquake was given a drink and a Snickers bar by embassy officials, her mother has claimed.
Andy Murray will begin his Wimbledon defence against unseeded American Naomi Broady in the first round on Centre Court.
Leaders of far-right parties across Europe have hailed the UK's vote to leave the European Union as a "victory for freedom".
Three men have been jailed after a lorry driver and two accomplices were convicted of smuggling 20 illegal immigrants into the UK.
Prince Harry has been seen performing the Haka dance in New Zealand.
Regulation of high-fat, salt and sugar food and drink promotions in shops should be considered as a priority, according to food safety experts.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation after receiving an anonymous tip-off from a member of staff who claimed he had been sexually abused as a child.
Residents in an Essex village fear they could be facing a "Dale Farm II" after a traveller site was built on their land.
Li-Ka Shing has confirmed he is in exclusive talks to buy O2 from Spain's Telefonica.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde says he is expecting as many as 9/10 of his players to be selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Swiss researchers have developed a robot that can take over the wheel of a car and drive itself.
Three men have been jailed for fraud after posing as emergency callers from the fire and rescue services to sell adverts for fake magazines.
A fund has been set up to help refugees from Syria settle in Scotland.
The new year is upon us, and many business leaders are already thinking about what they want to achieve in 2016.
Cornish Pirates prop Alex Cheesman and back row Alex Morgan have signed new contracts with the Cornish Pirates.
Thousands of people have marched through Stafford in a protest against plans to close the town's hospital.
A Flintshire man who underwent life-saving surgery to remove his colostomy bag has been described as an "inspiration" by a charity.
US President Donald Trump has a habit of predicting the next in line for removal from public view.
East Midlands councils have asked the government to approve plans for trams to run between Derby and Derby, it has been revealed.
Newport RFC shareholders are being asked to vote on a £3.75m deal to take over Newport Gwent Dragons from the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Hundreds of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in the town of Londonderry.
More than 1,000 soldiers are moving to a new housing development in Staffordshire as part of a shake-up of defence bases in the UK.
An investigation into the safety of Tesla's Autopilot feature has found no evidence of a defect in the electric car that led to the death of a US motorist in May.
Ugandan Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi's official website has been taken over by hackers after a controversial anti-gay bill was re-tabled.
A man has been found guilty of bringing offensive weapons into the UK from Bulgaria and a former lifeguard rescued a man from drowning in the Six Mile Water river are just some of the stories featured in Tuesday's papers.
Sri Lanka seam bowler Rangana Herath has announced his retirement from international cricket.
A man has died after being hit by a lorry while he was crossing a road in Manchester city centre.
Saudi Arabia has called on the US to reverse its decision to allow families of 9/11 victims to sue those suspected of involvement in the attacks.
The oil rig that ran aground in the Western Isles in August is being taken to Turkey where it will be scrapped.
Police in Pakistan have launched a murder inquiry after a Christian couple were killed in a suspected blasphemy case.
Libya's rival parliaments have rejected a UN-backed proposal to form a unity government, saying it will "turn the country into a joke".
It's that time of year again when you put on your jammies, open your presents and crack open the presents.
An ex-American football player who was serving a life sentence for murdering his cellmate has been found dead in his prison cell.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales rose sharply in 2016/17, the police watchdog has said.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has confirmed it will end its sponsorship deal with German sportswear giant Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup game against the Netherlands ended in a draw after a rain-affected draw in Dublin.
A man armed with a machete has attacked a police officer at the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, police say.
A team of scientists from the US Navy have been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A US judge has ruled that DNA tests will be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of musician Prince.
A Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham's owners David Sullivan and David Gold have confirmed they will not be selling their majority shareholding in the club.
Google's parent company, Alphabet, has reported a sharp rise in revenue for the first quarter of the year, helped by strong advertising sales.
The new owners of a Dumfries-based engineering firm which went into administration have said they are on track to increase the number of staff to 67.
A woman accused of defrauding an elderly woman out of Â£200,000 has told a court she is a "woman of faith".
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire.
Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker, is to be sold in the UK from April.
A Nigerian mother who was due to be deported from the UK after being accused of female genital mutilation has been given an overnight reprieve.
A Northern Ireland councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party (UKIP).
A man who was shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his family has been named by police.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed one of its giant pandas, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich Town moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Wigan Athletic at Portman Road.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been given an eight-game ban by the Rugby Football League for punching St Helens prop Lance Hohaia.
Hungary says it will offer free buses to migrants still stuck in Budapest after several hundred escaped from a railway station on Friday.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says he is hopeful Victor Moses will play a part in Chelsea's Premier League title challenge this season.
Ten-man Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten by Coventry City.
The Scottish government has accused the Conservatives of being "hypocritical" for blaming the SNP for cuts to education spending.
A Dundee man jailed for four-and-a-half years for possessing indecent images of children has had his appeal against his conviction rejected.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with events in the Republic of Ireland and France.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Denver Nuggets in a regular-season NBA game at London's O2 Arena.
James Robert Hennessy, a plasterer from Ellesmere Port, travelled to the match with a group of friends, who all survived.
Grimsby moved off the bottom of the National League with a comfortable win over Mansfield, who had manager Gary Evans sent to the stands after being sent off.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has condemned President Abdiwali Farmajo's decision to offer an amnesty to its fighters.
JCB has pulled out of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
More than 1,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have marched through the city to protest against the government's treatment of immigrants.
Eoin Morgan scored a career-best century as England completed a record run-chase of 270-4 to beat Australia by 10 runs and take a 2-0 lead in the one-day international series.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den.
Liverpool have appointed Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach as part of a major overhaul of their coaching set-up.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order temporarily barring people from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, Syria and Yemen from entering the US.
MPs have criticised the police response to the 2011 riots in England and Wales, saying they believe some of the disturbances could have been avoided.
Social media marketing - or social media marketing as it is more commonly known - is it about big bucks or can even the smallest business do it well?
Voters in the UK will go to the polls in June 2016 to decide whether or not the country should remain a member of the European Union, or EU.
A convicted drug dealer and his wife have been jailed for concealing criminal property after £237,000 was found in their garden.
Japanese knotweed is one of the UK's most notorious invasive weeds, but a crowd-sourcing app is helping to track its spread.
Rents for Poole beach huts are to rise by 5% in 2017 and 10% every year until 2020, campaigners have said.
A barge that was heading towards a North Sea oil platform when it broke its moorings and drifted out to sea in high winds has run aground off the coast of Norway.
Easter is one of the UK's most popular holidays, and one of its most anticipated.
Liverpool City Council has abandoned plans to introduce a late-night levy on pubs and clubs in the city centre.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in northern Afghanistan in December that killed 42 people.
Katie Shuker became the first female wheelchair tennis player to win the British Open mixed doubles title as she and her partner won the event at the Aegon International in Birmingham.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's 50-year civil war.
Wigan came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League for the first time since the Tigers' heaviest defeat since 2005.
Hibernian moved up to second place in the Scottish Championship with victory over St Mirren at Easter Road.
Former Nottingham Forest defender Danny Wilson has joined League One side Notts County on a short-term deal for an undisclosed fee.
Burmese-born Indian-Indian businessman Sarlan Aung San Suu Kyaw has never been able to return to his homeland, despite living in India for more than half a century.
Children who grow up with highly-conflicted parents are much more likely to have mental and physical health problems, a study has suggested.
The Scottish government has said lessons need to be learned from the UK government's decision to scrap a competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology.
Europe's Galileo satellite navigation system is about to go into service.
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years after she went missing hopes the search for her sister's killer is finally over.
Facebook has removed a post accusing eight people of so-called joy riding in west Belfast of being on a "hit list".
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would understand if Gillingham chairman Paul Scally decided to sack him.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to reach the Euro 2016 finals after scoring the winner against Israel on Sunday.
The Prime Minister, David Cameron, is visiting China to see how young people there are learning to speak English.
Antibiotic resistance is a "huge problem" that needs to be tackled urgently, a leading medical expert has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derby has been halted while a legal challenge against it is heard at the High Court.
A community hospital in Somerset is to be replaced with a new £50m building after the coalition government agreed to fund the project.
Leaders of Britain's Commonwealth community have written to David Cameron urging him to "stand aside in favour of people with no connection to the United Kingdom" in the EU referendum.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability" to be part of a team if he wins the election, shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said.
Glastonbury has announced the full line-up for this year's festival, with Foo Fighters, Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Foo Fighters among the first acts confirmed.
A group of lenticular clouds have been mistaken for UFOs after a number of people shared pictures of them on social media.
Former Watford manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre-season fixture in his memory.
Cornish Pirates boss Graham Davies says his side's "ill-discipline" cost them a place in the League Two play-off final as they were beaten by Plymouth Argyle.
Grimsby's Omar Bogle scored twice before Barnet's John Akinde scored a late equaliser to earn his side a 2-2 draw at Blundell Park.
Sunderland midfielder Nacho Scocco has signed a new contract with Argentine club Newell's Old Boys.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has sent shockwaves through the EU.
India's first metro service has been launched in the southern city of Chennai (Madras).
More than 1,000 litres of fuel have been dumped on a County Armagh road by suspected paramilitaries suspected to have links to paramilitary groups.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the upcoming series against Pakistan.
Ireland were beaten by eight wickets by Afghanistan in the first Twenty20 international in India as the visitors completed a six-wicket victory.
The US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station since March is about to break the American record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, the latest in a series of attacks on the birds.
Two men have been jailed for supplying drugs and bringing in illegal drugs from the so-called Silk Road market.
Brian O'Driscoll and Jonathan Sexton return to the Ireland team to face world champions New Zealand in Sunday's Six Nations match at the Aviva Stadium.
London's FTSE 100 closed higher on Tuesday, but the euro fell against the dollar and the pound as investors awaited details of a Greek debt deal.
Margaret Thatcher was the longest-serving prime minister in British history.
Russia's supply of surface-to-air missiles to Syria has been described as "ill-timed and very unfortunate" by the head of the US military's top general.
Banksy has denied claims his new theme park in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, is a hoax, saying it is "100% real".
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party after the party failed to win a majority in the general election.
Six cats have died after drinking antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter and Saracens have expressed concern about the legal action brought against Wasps by ex-England and British and Irish Lions player Dave Willis.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from firms suspected of contributing to forest fires that have been causing a haze across South East Asia.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has appeared in public for the first time since the death of President Hugo Chavez from cancer.
The US Supreme Court has announced it will take up a gay marriage case for the first time.
England's World Cup hopes are high ahead of Sunday's Group B game against Italy, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate for London mayor after winning a ballot of his constituents.
A widow whose husband was killed in a car crash said she was left "speechless" after thieves broke into her house while she was at his funeral.
Jockey David Mullins said it was "amazing" to ride Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended after being fined Â£120 for taking children on term-time holidays.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton has been criticised by his father John Surtees over the introduction of the 'halo' head-protection device.
Archaeologists and geoscientists are to use laser technology to map the effects of rising sea levels on some of Wales' most remote islands.
The BBC is seeking your help to improve the quality of its programmes and websites.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former Rovers defender Paul Dunn as assistant manager under manager Paul Blackburn.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
The Scotch whisky market remains "challenging" in China and India, according to drinks company Pernod Ricard, which has reported a rise in sales in the first three months of 2017.
News Corp, owner of the Wall Street Journal, has reported a big loss for the three months to June, mainly due to lower income at its Australian newspaper business.
China's state-run newspapers are ramping up their propaganda ahead of a landmark UN-backed arbitration ruling over the South China Sea.
A hospital trust has apologised to the family of a premature baby boy who died after tests for blood gases were missed.
More than £75,000 has been raised for a BBC Radio Derby presenter who was given months to live when he was diagnosed with skin cancer.
A conman who conned two people out of £1,000 by claiming he could provide accommodation for them while they travelled to the World Cup has been given a community payback order.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a young boy whose body was found at a house in south-east London.
David Gilmour was unaware of the significance of the Cenotaph when he hung himself from it during the London riots, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a Tesco store has been jailed for life.
At least 39 people have been killed in a series of bombings in Iraq's capital Baghdad and the southern city of Basra, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily quotas for the number of refugees it takes in this year, as Europe's largest country tries to cope with a record number of migrants.
David Beckham's bid to bring a Major League Soccer franchise to Miami has moved a step closer after his Miami Beckham United team bought a site in the city.
Tippi Hedren has spoken out about the alleged sexual harassment she claims she received from director Alfred Hitchcock in the early 1960s.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say they are treating a severely obese Egyptian woman who was believed to have lost more than half her body weight after weight loss surgery.
A previously unseen video of the Queen performing the Nazi salute has been released by the Sun newspaper.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to the title at Silverstone.
Last winter's floods were the wettest on record for the UK, according to a new study.
Voting is under way in a council where Labour is hoping to hold on to power for the first time since taking control in the 1970s.
Stan Wawrinka produced a stunning display of attacking tennis to beat world number one Novak Djokovic in five sets and win the French Open for the first time.
Durham were left to rue poor shot selection and a "bizarre" pitch after Yorkshire dominated day one of their County Championship game at Scarborough.
Swansea City defender Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 1-1 Premier League draw with Sunderland.
A government panel set up by the Advisory Council on Dangerous Drugs (ACMD) last October recommended a general ban on so-called "legal highs".
More than 30 people have been arrested in Morocco after clashes between rival fans at Raja Casablanca's home match against a local team, the Football Association of Morocco has said.
Zimbabweans gathered in the streets of the capital, Harare, for the annual Heroes' Day parade.
Rangers' Chris Windass says he hopes to score more goals for the Ibrox side this season after scoring his first for the club.
New Zealand's first commercial rocket has blasted off into space for the first time in the country's history.
Scotland's health secretary has said she is determined to eradicate high cost overtime payments in the NHS, after a BBC investigation revealed a sharp rise in payments to doctors.
A new study has been published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine, which aims to improve the health of young rugby players.
At least nine people have been killed in a volcanic eruption at a village on the Indonesian island of Borneo, officials say.
One year on from the UK voting to leave the European Union (EU), there is still a lot we do not know about Brexit.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of doping by Uefa.
Voters go to the polls on 8 June to choose MPs to represent their constituencies in the UK general election.
The Scottish government has an obligation to ensure every child in Scotland has access to a free school meal at school, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland.
A schoolgirl who killed herself after being told she needed to be "supervised at all times" by her mother was "failed by the system", an inquest has heard.
Drivers' groups have criticised plans to increase the cost of speeding courses in England and Wales, saying they are "more about making money".
US military police are investigating an "over-exuberant" pillow fight at West Point Academy in New York that left several cadets injured.
It is one of the world's most important commissions looking into human rights and minority affairs, looking at issues such as the rights of LGBT people, disabled people, and people of African descent.
The original Batmobile, the original car used as the Batmobile in the 1960s Batman TV series, has been sold at auction for $1.
Home Secretary Theresa May has defended plans to make it easier to deport foreign criminals and make it harder for illegal immigrants to stay in the UK.
On the Champs-Elysees in the French capital, Paris, on 1 May, a crowd gathered to listen to a speech delivered by a woman who looked as if she had come from outer space.
World number one Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over qualifier Stephen O'Brien at the Crucible.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a former Barnsley and Hartlepool United goalkeeper who played for the club in 1946.
An energy company has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service" on their energy bills.
Lewis Hamilton's poor start to the season continued as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg held off Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen to win a chaotic Hungarian Grand Prix.
A man has denied killing a man who was found dead on Windermere in Cumbria.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli says he will always have a special place in his heart for the club after completing his move to AC Milan for an undisclosed fee.
Shares in the world's biggest carmaker have fallen sharply after it was caught rigging US air pollution tests on its diesel cars.
Kilmarnock defender Scott Samson has left the Scottish Premiership club after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child.
French club Toulon are in talks with Premiership clubs about joining the Super Rugby competition.
An 1894 time capsule containing a newspaper, a scroll, a bottle of brandy and a piece of paper has been discovered during work to replace a bridge.
E3, the world's biggest gaming convention, is getting under way in Los Angeles, America, and it's all about virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband had divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face prompted her to undergo facial surgery has sparked a debate on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said he hopes US President-elect Donald Trump will not move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, saying it would "destroy the two-state solution".
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with hare coursing in Dalkeith.
Twelve writers have been shortlisted for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Writers.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets of the capital, Cape Town, to demonstrate against President Jacob Zuma.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne was given a pass to Parliament despite being jailed for perverting the course of justice, it has emerged.
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard was contaminated with radiation after radioactive material was accidentally put into torpedo tubes, the nuclear safety watchdog has said.
A man has been found not guilty of seven counts of sexual activity with a child by a jury at Nottingham Crown Court.
Microsoft has launched an education edition of its popular Minecraft game.
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he is "happy to stay on" as assistant to manager Martin O'Neill.
Cardiff City boss Paul Trollope says the Bluebirds are willing to listen to offers for some players.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said he hopes the UK will vote to stay in the European Union as soon as possible.
Theresa May has been warned by the head of the European Council that she will not be able to start talks on the UK's future relationship with the EU at the same time as she starts negotiations over its departure from the European Union.
Three teenage boys have been charged with attempted murder after four teenagers were stabbed to death in a street attack in Dumbarton.
An investigation is under way after a pub in Newport was destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Universities in Wales are considering banning essay mills which offer students a bespoke essay in return for a fee, it has been claimed.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK sent a "dirty" photo of a police officer to Islamic State militants, a court has heard.
Planning permission has been sought for a wind farm at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf course.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) regime in the Iraqi city of Mosul appears to be "melting away" as Iraqi government forces close in on the last major stronghold of the militant group in the country.
Mamadou Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke City came from behind to beat Premier League leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
A man has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm after a pensioner died at a Dorset care home.
The line-up for this year's Wickerman Festival has been revealed.
Scotland's high streets are set to lose a record number of bank branches in the last year, according to research carried out by BBC Scotland.
Banks will no longer have to rely on taxpayers to bail them out in the event of a future financial crisis, under new global rules proposed by regulators.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the three months to June, official figures show, boosted by a pick-up in industrial output.
A woman who died after a collision between a car and a lorry in Dundee city centre has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares rose to a fresh seven-year high on Monday despite disappointing trade data from the world's second largest economy.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has scrapped the 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation.
A cyclist is being sought by police after a woman was indecently assaulted in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have traded insults ahead of their heavyweight bout at Liverpool's Echo Arena on Saturday.
Two climbers have been reported missing on the French Alps' highest peak, Mont Blanc.
Parents will soon be able to set a speed limit for their children in a new car.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in fossilised footprints from the Permian period, about 250 million years ago.
Kent chairman John Kennedy has announced he will step down as chief executive at the end of the current season.
An Indian MP has been banned from flying after he was accused of assaulting an airline employee with his sandal.
More than 1,000 people have been killed in a massacre at a school in South Sudan.
Boris Johnson has come out in favour of Donald Trump becoming the next US president, saying: "I think Donald Trump will be a positive president."
Obesity among teenagers may increase the risk of bowel cancer later in life, a study suggests.
Labour is "in danger of not asking the right questions" and failing to get the right answers, former Prime Minister Tony Blair has warned.
A Victorian outdoor toilet described as "one of the country's poshest" has been restored and opened to the public.
President Hassan Rouhani was elected in 2013 on a platform of "moderation and prudence" - a message that resonated with many Iranians who had seen their living standards, and their country's reputation, plummet under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he owes much of his success to his late father Seamus, who would be "ecstatic" to see his son reach the Euro 2016 final.
NHS bosses have extended the temporary closure of overnight emergency units at three hospital urgent care centres in Northumberland.
When Donald Trump won the US presidential election in November 2016, I wrote an article for the BBC about how to spot the Kremlin's foreign policy.
London's average commute time is the longest in England and Wales, according to a study by the TUC.
Some councils in Wales are refusing to routinely scan the microchips of animals found dead on the roads, prompting calls for a change in the law.
The rise of 3D printing has been dubbed the "printing revolution" - and it's revolutionising the world of manufacturing.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about extending his contract with the Premier League champions.
Retailers Brantano and Jones Bootmaker have gone into administration.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in County Louth.
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach was booed off as Wolfsburg beat his side 3-1 to win the German Cup.
A mother whose daughter took her own life has said she is "appalled" she will not be able to see the full report into whether any steps could have been taken to prevent it.
Google has begun testing the latest version of its Android mobile operating system.
Members of the Berlin Philharmonic have failed to agree a new chief conductor for the world's oldest orchestra.
St Mary's College of Drogheda will play St Peter's University of Derry in the Hogan Cup final after a 2-14 to 1-14 draw with St Mary's of Wexford in the semi-final.
Aldershot Town have appointed Tony Waddock as their new manager.
The Conservatives have promised a cap on the amount energy suppliers can charge if they win the general election on 8 June.
The 2016 Olympic Games get under way in Rio on 8-18 August.
A man has been left in an induced coma after being stabbed in the groin in Middlesbrough.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a second round next month after no candidate won a majority of votes in Sunday's first round.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" in Wales at the general election and may do "slightly better than that" in England.
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish part of Jersey's World War Two airport terminal.
Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Adam Bogdan on a permanent deal after he was released by the League One club.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena to be built in Bristol will be unveiled later.
Colombia's national police force is hunting for a drug lord who has been hiding in a series of abandoned huts in the northern Uraba region of the country.
The owners of a golf course in the Highlands have offered to pay for repairs to a dog-sized sinkhole after it was discovered a dog had fallen into it.
Tesco has reported a big fall in full-year pre-tax profit to £145m after it agreed to pay a one-off charge to settle a fraud case.
Mansfield Town have signed former Sheffield United and Crewe Alexandra striker Jordan Oliver on a short-term deal.
A Polish journalist has vowed to take his cat with him when he is expelled from Russia, after Russia threatened to abandon the animal if he abandons it.
More than 5,000 people have been arbitrarily detained in Venezuela since anti-government protests began in April, the United Nations says in a new report.
Three of the world's most powerful Earth observation satellites have returned their first pictures of the Earth from space.
A D-Day veteran from Carmarthenshire has been awarded France's highest military honour after his family contacted the French embassy.
League Two side Grimsby Town have agreed to sign Mansfield Town midfielder Luke Murphy on a permanent deal.
A top-down reorganisation of Welsh councils is "not an option", the new leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
Newcastle hooker Tommy Bowden has been given a one-week ban by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to a charge of violent conduct.
Iran's government has ordered social networks including Facebook, Twitter and messaging app Telegram to provide encrypted messaging services or face being blocked by the state.
Olympic champion Ben Ainslie has launched a new America's Cup sailing team.
An image-based login system that uses gestures to unlock devices could be as strong as a text-based password, say security experts.
A man has appeared in court charged with cannabis offences after a man was stabbed to death outside a pub in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of breaching its pacifist constitution after it voted to change its military policy.
Rafael Benitez's first game as interim Chelsea manager ended in defeat as Southampton twice came from behind to earn a point at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young will miss Ireland's one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan in June after being ruled out with a hamstring injury.
A new species of Jurassic reptile has been discovered in a museum collection in the US, after it was mistaken for a copy of another fossil.
Scotland's Katie Archibald won the women's individual pursuit title at the Track Cycling World Cup in Hong Kong.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches reached a record level in 2016-17, according to new figures.
Alexandra Palace in north London is to undergo a major refurbishment as part of a £26.6m project to restore its Grade II-listed theatre and studios.
A massive sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in the US state of Arizona in America.
More needs to be done to reduce the number of people who register to vote twice in future general elections, the electoral watchdog has said.
Bristol Flyers booked their place in the British Basketball League's Women's Play-offs after beating Manchester Force in the BBL League Cup final.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were kept alive thanks to a late try from Tom Matavesi against Racing 92 at the Liberty Stadium.
A terminally-ill boy who raised more than £700,000 to pay for treatment in the USA has died, his mother has said.
Fifa's 2022 World Cup selection committee has recommended November and December as the dates for the 2018-2024 tournament in Qatar.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar, the euro and the US dollar, while shares in Barclays fell after a lawsuit against the bank was filed in the US.
A Northern Ireland woman has missed out on the chance to be the voice of the speaking clock for Children in Need.
Italy coach Giampiero Ventura has been named as Antonio Conte's successor for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she fears she will give up on life if she lets go of the search for justice for her son.
Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Christian Atangana on a short-term deal for an undisclosed fee.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" who is "proud of his work ethic" as he bids to cement his place in the Test side.
Three teenagers have pleaded not guilty to the murder of an Australian man who was shot dead in the US state of South Dakota.
It's not every day you get a surprise visit from one of the world's most famous authors.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a foot injury.
Ebola was the most popular search term on Google in 2014, followed by "Who is Ebola?"
Cornish Pirates head coach Gary Cattle says he was disappointed with his side's "sloppiness" in their bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons.
A terminally ill woman has become engaged to a man she met online after being diagnosed with a rare form of chronic fatigue.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a "re-evaluation" of all contacts with the United Nations.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania broke its constitution when it barred former President Dalia Grybauskaite Paksas from standing for election in 2004.
Arsenal maintained their perfect start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Watford at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" weather warning for heavy rain across Wales on Monday.
The number of women who have miscarriages in the UK has reached an all-time high of 1.3 million, according to new figures.
The US investment fund Cerberus paid a law firm £15m to gain access to the Northern Ireland Executive as part of its deal to buy Nama's bad loan portfolio, a committee of MPs has heard.
Ayr United moved off the bottom of the Scottish Championship with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic.
Former First Minister of Scotland Jack McConnell has admitted he fell down a drain while on a visit to Malawi.
A prisoner has died at Elmley Prison in Kent, the latest in a series of deaths at the jail criticised by the Prison Association.
A convicted fraudster who escaped from a London prison after posing as a court clerk has admitted escaping from lawful custody.
The chief executives of Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire councils acted unlawfully in allowing senior officers to opt out of a pension scheme, the public spending watchdog has found.
A driver caught speeding on a motorway near Rotherham has been fined 150% of his weekly income.
The Polish government has said it will work with the UK government to ensure EU nationals living in Great Britain retain their right to stay after the UK leaves the European Union.
Former EastEnders and Carry On star Barbara Windsor has died.
Virtual reality (VR) has come a long way since it was first introduced to the world of gaming.
Wales has the highest student satisfaction in the UK for higher education, according to the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.
Cologne is holding its carnival, a year after a series of sex attacks on women during New Year celebrations.
Northern Ireland Assembly members are being asked to explain how they spend their time in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A black woman was refused entry to a nightclub because she was not "good enough or white enough" for a night out because of her skin colour.
Vulnerable young people in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find a stable home because of a shortage of foster carers, according to a new study.
An elderly man and his three friends have been recognised as "heroic" after they tackled a burglar in front of their grandchildren.
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be eligible for special immigration visas after Brexit, according to business leaders.
Rotherham United captain Richard Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Members of the GMB Scotland and Unite unions have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pensions.
Northern Ireland's new Intercity Express train is to return into service this afternoon, Translink has said.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa against child marriage.
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for a boycott of the sport this year because of the country's economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has said he does not see "no reason why the UK should have to pay the European Union large amounts of money to stay in the single market after Brexit.
The Rock am Ring music festival in Germany has been cancelled after a lightning strike left eight people seriously injured.
India's parliament has passed a new law to increase the jail term for juvenile offenders from three years to life imprisonment.
Three people have appeared in court charged with disposing of Becky Watts' body parts.
An airline overbooked a flight from London Gatwick Airport leaving a teenage boy "left to make his own way through the airport, nobody in departures to meet or help him, and had a 10 hour wait".
The widow of a woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine 50 years ago has been praised for her "remarkable work".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been persuaded to stay on as leader of the UK Independence Party, the party has said.
Plans to turn a former coal mine into a country park have been given the go-ahead by a Lincolnshire council.
The UK Supreme Court has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) broke the law during loyalist flag protests in 2012.
Labour has backed the Conservatives' pledge to cut the deficit "as soon as possible" if they win the election.
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death at a housing hostel in Newport have called on the government to publish a report into what went wrong after he was released from prison.
Lancashire's One-Day Cup game against Somerset was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain.
Schools across England have been told how well they are performing in their GCSEs, as new GCSE results are published.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes is taking legal action against Kensington and Chelsea Council.
The partial US government shutdown has come to an end, with President Barack Obama declaring a national day of national mourning.
Dartmoor hill ponies could soon be sold for slaughter in a bid to boost numbers of the breed on the moor.
Chilean airline Latam has suspended all flights to and from the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, citing currency controls.
Six men have been charged with causing the deaths of four people who died when a lorry crashed into a tree in West Yorkshire.
Police in Spain have arrested a suspected member of the notorious Pink Panther jewellery gang, suspected of carrying out a series of high-value robberies.
Scunthorpe missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as Rochdale held on for a hard-fought victory at Spotland.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote later on whether to allow a private company to continue to carry out repairs to council buildings in the area.
Indian Merchant Navy officer Radhika Menon has become the country's first female ship captain to win an international bravery award for rescuing a group of missing fishermen.
England's final-day collapse in the second Test against India in Chennai was one of the most stunning collapses in Test cricket.
CBBC is asking children what they think about bullying in the UK.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new long-term contract with the club.
Cameroon will play Germany in the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup after a 2-1 defeat by Group B winners Germany in Sochi.
The UK's new aircraft carriers will be guarded by a fleet of inflatable boats, the defence secretary has said during a visit to Portsmouth.
The government has announced plans to award a contract to Siemens and Hitachi to build the HS2 trains for the new high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham.
Northern Ireland's Department of Finance has announced plans to sell off about £200m of agricultural loans that have been held by the Ulster Bank.
Harriet Harman, the former deputy leader of the Labour Party, says: "Membership of the European Union guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave, and rights for part-time workers."
A woman has admitted ordering her dog to attack another woman after telling it to "get her", a court has heard.
A 17-year-old boy arrested after two teenagers died in a car crash in Newport has been released without charge.
England have named eight uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship, which starts in February.
The last woolly mammoths may have been driven to extinction because of genetic errors in their DNA.
Actor Richard Johnson, known for his roles in Shakespeare and Lara Croft, has died aged 94.
Police are investigating the rape of a woman in a Glasgow city centre park.
More than 1,000 names of soldiers who trained at a former World War One base in Wiltshire have been uncovered.
A new light installation has been unveiled in Rotterdam to commemorate a World War Two bombing campaign which saved thousands of people from starvation.
Fast food takeaways are to be banned from opening near schools in Medway in a bid to tackle obesity.
Lego has ended its promotional agreement with the Daily Mail after criticism from a campaign group Stop Funding Hate.
A drug already approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) could be a "game-changer" in the fight against HIV, researchers say.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin from the dark net after watching the TV series Breaking Bad was "motivated with pushing the boundaries of what was possible with technology", a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its assembly election manifesto with a pledge to create a "fairer, more prosperous nation".
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks head coach Steve Diamond says he is close to signing a number of international rugby league players.
Greece captain Georgios Karagounis has retired from international football after his side's World Cup exit in Brazil.
Substitute Jack Baird scored with the last kick of the game to give St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A daredevil motorcyclist has become the first person to pull off a wheelie bin trick.
Hundreds of people have marched through Motherwell in a show of support for Scotland's two mothballed steel plants.
Two of the UK's most popular vloggers have told Newsbeat they think new guidance on how to report sponsored content on YouTube is "over the top".
The family of a boy with special educational needs who is still waiting for a place at a special school have raised concerns about the availability of special school places in Northern Ireland.
Ukrainian opposition leaders have signed a deal with President Viktor Yanukovych to end the country's political crisis.
It's Prime Minister's Day in Australia and we're taking a look at how the country chooses its next leader.
An investigation into allegations of historical child abuse at children's homes in north Wales will continue, the National Crime Agency has said.
Police have said the death of a man found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious.
British and Irish Lions wingers Robbie North and Robbie Henshaw will miss the rest of the tour of New Zealand because of injury.
Reading have loaned midfielder Nicklas Rakels to Polish club Lech Poznan on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Lana Del Rey is in the middle of a busy day.
The recent spate of police shootings in the US has once again raised questions about how to rebuild trust between black communities and the police.
Ofsted is calling on the government to take "urgent action" to close down unregistered schools in England, saying too many children are at risk of harm.
The Women's Super League One season starts on Sunday, with Manchester City Women taking on Manchester United in the WSL 1 Spring Series opener at Wembley Stadium.
Slovenian tennis player Aljaz Bedene says he wants to represent Great Britain at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics - even though he no longer represents his native Slovenia.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling after the Rio Olympics.
A woman has been awarded £10,000 for being made redundant from her job as a carer for her disabled daughter.
It's a strange time to be a cabinet minister.
Michael Martin will miss this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod after being ruled out with a back injury.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" of the club during the "dark days" at Elland Road, says assistant manager Neil Raynor.
London-based fitness business Frame, a pay-as-you-go gym offering a wide range of fitness classes, was founded by London mother-of-two Zoe Black in 2009.
WBA super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Joe Dickens at London's O2 Arena on 29 April.
The sale of the Certificate of Irish Heritage will be withdrawn from sale after a "sluggish uptake" of the certificates, the Irish government has said.
More than 200 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway.
Razvan Cojanu stopped Joseph Parker in the 12th round to claim the WBO world bantamweight title with a unanimous points decision.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of dramatic U-turns since taking office, reversing positions he took on his first day in office.
Jockey AP McCoy has won the Champion Chase for a record-equalling 12th time at Cheltenham with the Irish Gold Cup at Aintree.
Wales rugby player Martyn Williams has been cleared of racism after a photo of him dressed as a black man was posted online.
Vietnamese Facebook user Phoo Bich has thanked people who have been "supportive" and "encouraged" him to change his name to "Phoo Da Bi".
Tesco has bought the Giraffe restaurant chain from private equity firms 3i and Risk Capital Partners for an undisclosed sum.
An Edinburgh taxi driver who took pictures of festival-goers using his mobile phone has gone on display in the city.
More than 20 Syrian migrants are believed to have drowned after two boats sank off the Turkish coast, leaving 12 bodies washed up on a beach.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal admitted his side were not good enough in the second half of their 2-1 defeat by FC Copenhagen in Copenhagen.
The trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", a leading trade body has warned.
Three people have been charged in connection with a suspected Unicef fundraising scam in Cardiff.
Portsmouth chairman Michael Eisner has confirmed he is interested in becoming the club's new chief executive.
Three migrants have been found dead at a migrant camp on the Greek island of Kos, aid groups have warned.
Scientists hope to shed light on one of the world's most complete dinosaurs, the stegosaur.
A former Volkswagen engineer has pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the US government in the diesel emissions scandal that has engulfed the German carmaker.
Cervical, gut and liver cancers are among the most common and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has urged Turkey to do more to stop people from travelling to Syria and Iraq to fight for so-called Islamic State.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space.
BBC Radio 1 has unveiled its new line-up of presenters to mark the station's 50th birthday.
A number of humpback whales have been rescued from a mass beaching on the Isle of Wight.
The Saudi-led air campaign against Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen has been in full swing for three weeks now.
BBC Radio 4 has commissioned a new programme about love this Valentine's Day, asking listeners to share their stories of romance on their mobile phones.
Irn Bru, one of Scotland's best-known soft drinks brands, is to be reduced in sugar following the introduction of a new levy on sugary drinks.
Facebook has confirmed it will keep a member of its board despite criticism over his role in a lawsuit against the US news site Gawker.
London's Museum of Modern Art is hoping to rebuild one of Britain's most famous robots, the "Thing".
In the middle of August, El Salvador's national television station aired an ad urging people not to join one of the country's notorious street gangs, known as "maras".
Great Britain's winter sports will receive a share of the £272m awarded to them by UK Sport following the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm moved to within a point of the Elite League's top spot thanks to a 2-1 victory over Manchester Storm at the Manchester Arena.
The head of the UK's police and crime commissioner has called for a change in the law over who should be held responsible for a cyclist's death.
Moors murderer Ian Brady will not be charged over a letter he is alleged to have given to one of his victims' mother.
Portsmouth and Carlisle played out a goalless draw at Fratton Park in League Two.
The shape of the electron, one of the most important particles in the Universe, has been measured with "extremely high precision", scientists say.
The media should be wary of reporting anything said in Parliament which flouts court orders, the government's law officer has said.
The family of a man who suffered life-changing injuries when he fell from a roof at a college has lost a legal bid for compensation.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the opening stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race.
Parking charge notices issued to drivers in Lincoln and Lincolnshire could lead to dismissal, a parking company has said.
Plans for a major road improvement project in Glasgow have been unveiled after a public consultation.
Singer-songwriter Sibongiseni Shabalala from South Africa and singer Salif Keita from Mali have released a joint track in South Africa in response to the recent xenophobic attacks in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
The row between the Welsh government and vice-chancellors over proposed cuts to university funding in the draft budget has intensified.
The BBC did not break impartiality guidelines when it published an opinion piece by naturalist Richard Packham in BBC Natural History magazine, the BBC Trust has ruled.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 2-1 to take a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven World Series.
EastEnders actress Shona Bracknell has launched a campaign to raise money for life-saving treatment for her terminally ill lung cancer.
Tony Ulloa's injury-time equaliser earned a point for Leicester City against West Ham at the King Power Stadium as the Foxes moved level on points with Tottenham at the top of the Premier League.
China is the world's second-largest economy and one of the largest democracies.
The Queen has announced plans for a street party and Patron's Lunch to mark her official 90th birthday next year.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
An algorithm that can predict when a robot is about to take a tumble has been developed by researchers in the US.
The deputy mayor of Calais has said the UK should introduce ID cards.
Brendan Rodgers says he is looking forward to meeting Celtic's players for the first time since taking charge of the Scottish champions on 20 June.
The scope of the US investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited", says US Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
Wales coach Warren Gatland will not be replacing Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, says former Wales and British and Irish Lions captain Gareth Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has claimed he has "total and complete vindication" over former FBI director James Comey's testimony to Congress into why he was fired.
George Galloway has been reported to police after being accused of breaching election law by discussing voting while the polls were open.
A road closed after a major landslip in Norfolk has been reopened to traffic, but will only be used for residents' vehicles.
Mexican wrestling fans have been celebrating the launch of a new video game called Lucha Libra.
A man has been jailed for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity to the family of Oscar Knox, who died from cancer.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been named as Australia's new ambassador to the United States.
Northern Ireland Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has submitted a plan for how he intends to deal with the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 believe he died as a result of an accident near to the farmhouse where he was last seen playing.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell carded a three-over-par 73 on the back nine to slip out of contention at the BMW PGA Championship in Shanghai.
More than 1,000 "love locks" tied to a bridge are being removed from a town after it was targeted by vandals.
Lewis Hamilton says he will give "everything he has got" to catch Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg and win a fourth world title.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in a car in Oxfordshire.
A dog has died after falling into the River Nith in Aberdeenshire.
Australian police have launched a "purge" of people dressed as clowns after a "killer clown" craze swept the country.
Durham Jets recorded their first T20 Blast win of the season as they beat Leicestershire by one run in a rain-affected match at Grace Road.
India took control of the second Test against South Africa with a four-wicket victory in the first match of the three-match series.
The number of energy customers switching to the cheapest standard variable tariff has hit a record high, figures show.
Girls are much less active than boys, according to a study of seven-year-olds.
A common treatment for osteoporosis could increase the risk of fractures among elderly people who have been taking it for a long time, research suggests.
St Mirren have signed Dundee United striker Cammy Smith on loan for the rest of the season.
Power has been restored to the last remaining customers left without electricity in Salford and Greater Manchester after flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Transport for London (TfL) is to stop issuing cashless bus tickets from 1 July, it has announced, saying it will save the city £24m a year.
Edinburgh have announced plans to move their home matches from Murrayfield to Edinburgh's Myreside ground.
High Street retailer Watt Group has announced plans to open a further stores across Scotland as part of a long-term expansion plan.
It's that time of the year again, and with it comes an activity craze.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has apologised for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M1 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a fatal crash.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been "discounted" in the area where acoustic pings from the plane's flight recorders were detected, officials say.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle made a winning start to the Scottish League One season with a 3-1 victory over Stranraer.
Scotland voted to leave the European Union (EU) in the referendum on 23 June.
A music teacher raped a student despite her reluctance, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July, partly due to the ongoing dispute between the US and Iran over Tehran's nuclear programme, official figures show.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of "pulling the wool over his eyes" over a £39m deal to buy timber from a Denbighshire forest.
Councils in England and Wales will have almost £200bn to spend on local services over the lifetime of this Parliament, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
A week ago, the story started out as a simple one.
It has been a busy week for me.
Great Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah has given Newsround his top sports tips for young athletes.
UKIP leader Raheem Kassam has launched his general election campaign, promising to make the party "great again" and promising to increase its membership to 100,000.
Former Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern has said he does not expect a hard border to be re-introduced after the UK leaves the European Union.
A memorial to those from Liverpool who died fighting in the Spanish Civil War has been unveiled in London.
A woman has been shot dead while she was standing with a group of friends in the middle of a street.
Thousands of people around the world have been protesting against plans to demolish the Tower of London, Britain's tallest building.
One of Pakistan's most hardline separatist leaders has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the country's military if conditions are met.
David Cameron has finally agreed to change the date of his EU summit from Tuesday to Thursday, after pressure from Eurosceptics.
Former Peruvian President Keiko Fujimori has announced plans to use social media while he is in prison.
A cancer charity has called on the Welsh government to vaccinate boys against a potentially deadly virus.
A manufacturer has agreed to make a limited number of blue sippy cups for a father whose Twitter appeal for a replacement went viral.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham beat Brentford to move into the Championship play-off places thanks to goals from Sone Aluko and Sone Biamou.
French President Francois Hollande has named 39-year-old Jean-Marc Ayrault as his new foreign minister.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" through Manchester city centre has been caught by police.
The World Ice Hockey Championships get under way in Sochi, Russia, on Saturday and Sunday.
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has admitted his red card against Le Havre was "dubious".
US congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of running a multi-million dollar bribery scheme to pay off his son's student debt.
Great Britain will aim to win at least three medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics, according to UK Sport.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has said he hopes to have the basis of a deal on the Scottish government's fiscal framework by 23 February.
Dayle Southwell scored a late winner as Wycombe moved off the bottom of League Two with victory over Stevenage at the Adams Park.
A teenager who stabbed a 12-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been given an extended prison sentence.
Great Britain's crew have made it through to the semi-finals of the European Rowing Championships in Poznan, Poland.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police after a man was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash involving her car.
India has the potential to become "one of the leading nations in chess boxing", according to the president of the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO).
A fund-raising campaign has been launched to save a radio telescope array in the US which had to shut down because of budget cuts.
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
A man who spent the night on the roof of an Edinburgh church has been fined for his "stupid, idiotic act".
Labour's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to allow Jeremy Corbyn to elect his own team of shadow cabinet members.
A new police classification for hate crimes against women has come into effect in Nottinghamshire.
It was billed as a referendum on the future of the United Kingdom.
An Iranian couple rejected for resettlement in Cambodia have returned to their country of origin.
Cafe owners have defended a sign outside a cafe which appears to poke fun at the family of murdered schoolgirl April Jones.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 15 years for inviting others to support the so-called Islamic State (IS).
A two-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24bn) from bond investors as part of a plan to return cash to shareholders.
A hospital trust in east Kent has been put into special measures after inspectors found staff shortages in A&E, children's care and at night.
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments by US President-elect Donald Trump about the "One China" policy.
An abandoned baby hatchery in China's southern Guangdong province has temporarily stopped accepting new infants, its director has said.
An inquest into the deaths of two men and a teenager who died after getting into difficulty in the sea at a beach has opened and adjourned.
Ed Miliband has forsworn not to offer us unaffordable bribes to get elected, so how does he keep Labour fiscally honest until the election?
The family of a British man who has been missing in South America since February say they are planning to fly to Peru to search for him.
Peru's President Ollanta Humala has said he has begun to lay the groundwork for a "great transformation" that most Peruvians "desire".
A man has been rescued from the sea off the Anglesey after getting into difficulty while swimming in freezing temperatures.
A pub has been accused of discriminating against bikers by banning them from its premises.
Leeds Rhinos moved level on points with Super League leaders Hull KR after a convincing victory over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Scottish League One leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of the table to six points with a 2-1 win over Stranraer.
A shopping centre in Dorset is to be demolished and rebuilt after its car park was deemed unsafe.
More than 100 jobs are at Shepton Mallet cider mill are to go with the closure of its fruit pulping operation, with production moving to Ireland's Clonmel site.
The chair of the independent inquiry into child sex abuse in England and Wales, Peter McKelvie, has resigned from the panel he chaired.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to recognise one another formally for the first time.
An investigation into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother and grandmother has found "no single professional could, or should, have prevented her death".
England manager Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the upcoming Euro 2017 warm-up games against Norway and Sweden.
Voters across the UK will go to the polls on 23 June to decide whether the country should remain a member of the European Union (EU).
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the low turnout in Sunday's parliamentary election, saying he is disappointed with the result.
Kevin Pietersen scored a career-best century for South Africa's Dolphins in the T20 Blast as they beat Gloucestershire in Cape Town.
A legal challenge over the UK's decision to leave the European Union has been launched in Northern Ireland.
Talks are under way to try to resolve the crisis in Northern Ireland's power-sharing government.
French Impressionist painter Claude Monet was so obsessed with water lilies that his neighbours objected to his plans to create a water garden, newly uncovered documents show.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed in a suspected arson attack has said he is "lucky" no-one was hurt.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the Shoreham air disaster site and sent an "inappropriate and offensive" message to a colleague have been dismissed.
Two goals from Demarai Gray and a late strike from Islam Slimani helped Leicester City into the EFL Cup second round at the expense of League One side Sheffield United.
Hospitals in Wales could be forced to screen patients with sepsis to ensure they are being treated quickly enough, the health secretary has said.
US comedian Robin Williams' widow and his children are to meet in court to settle a dispute over the contents of his estate.
A man who registered more than 1,000 false births and marriages to claim benefits has been jailed for six months.
Luca Parmitano has become the first British astronaut to walk in space.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK's decision not to stop arms sales to Saudi Arabia was "rational", the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order struggled again as India A beat them by 10 wickets in the second one-day international in Mumbai to level the three-match series.
Cruise company Carnival has reported a rise in profits for the three months to the end of September, despite a sharp decline in ticket prices.
Uruguay will begin selling marijuana in pharmacies in July, the government has announced.
A woman whose friend was killed in an explosion at a wood treatment plant has been named a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
People living in Bristol, England have been having a bit of a problem with the idea of drinking vinegar.
Oxfordshire's private sector would be "foolish" not to help cut public sector spending in the forthcoming spending review, a business leader has said.
One person has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto.
RB Leipzig moved level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich thanks to goals from Timo Werner and Emil Forsberg in a comfortable win over Mainz.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said he wants the UK to have the fastest broadband network in Europe by 2016.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of HIV testing services in low and middle-income countries, particularly in Africa, researchers say.
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says Scotland qualifying for Euro 2017 would be the "most special moment" of her career.
Crawley Town have signed England Under-21 international defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Edinburgh missed out on a European Champions Cup play-off place as they were beaten by Pro12 runners-up Leinster at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants Labour to "refresh its thinking" on social security after saying he wants to scrap the cap on benefits.
Bosses across Europe have been urged not to allow their staff to be spied on through work email accounts following a landmark European Court of Human Rights ruling.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana.
The future of adult social care services in England is "in grave danger", councils have warned, amid fears of a "crisis" in funding.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock hopes to sign two or three players before the transfer window closes on 1 July.
Widnes Vikings prop Joe Mellor has signed a new contract to stay with the Super League side until June 2019.
Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Jamie MacDonald on loan for the rest of the season.
Inspectors have found 26 areas for improvement at Dumfries and Galloway Hospital.
Southampton assistant referee Neil Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's Premier League match with Bournemouth.
The former British colony of Belize is a small, sparsely-populated country in the Central American country of Central America, with a population of 324,000.
A woman has been found not guilty of having sex with a 13-year-old boy.
A treatment made from cannabis is being trialled in the UK for children with severe forms of epilepsy.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has refused to step down, despite a deadline for him to leave office.
Pupils from west Belfast are being offered free tuition at a Belfast university in a bid to boost their GCSE grades.
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he did not intend to interfere with a TD's right to speak in the Dáil (parliament) under parliamentary privilege.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Jordan MacGillivray on a short-term deal.
Oil company BG Group has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of March, as it prepares to be taken over by Royal Dutch Shell.
An "urgent" campaign is needed to get visitors back to Cumbria after heavy flooding caused by Storm Desmond caused a "worrying" drop in forward bookings, tourism bosses have warned.
Fleetwood boosted their League One play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Scunthorpe.
Nepal's emergency teams are arriving in the capital, Kathmandu, to assess the needs of survivors of Saturday's devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels since the attacks in the Belgian capital say they are "desperate" to find him.
Former champion jump jockey Kerry Turner says she hopes female jockeys can see there is "light at the end of the tunnel" after retiring.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs from its North Sea operations as part of a restructuring plan.
Human remains found in the search for a missing treasure hunter in the US have been identified as those of an 80-year-old man.
Two men have died after a car crashed into a tree on the A1 in Newtownbutler, County Antrim.
It is one of the most difficult events in athletics - the hammer throw.
Transformers: The Force Awakens has topped the US box office for the first time.
A dog has been rescued from the sea after falling from cliffs in Devon.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London has appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The Rugby World Cup in Newcastle has brought £43m of economic impact to the city, organisers have said.
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City.
More than 30 bearded dragons have been rescued from a Cumbria pet shop after they were found abandoned in a cardboard box.
Newport County moved off the bottom of League Two with a hard-fought victory over Mansfield Town at Rodney Parade.
A man has been jailed after admitting helping to dispose of the body of a man who was stabbed to death in a North Yorkshire park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The future of the Scottish Football Association's (SFA) performance schools programme is being considered by chief executive Dave McClair.
A Monet painting of a lily pond by the French artist Claude Monet has sold for £31.7m at auction in London.
Nico Rosberg held off Red Bull's Max Verstappen and Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton to win the Singapore Grand Prix and take the lead in the world title race.
Graeme McDowell told me recently that he was "not far away" from a Ryder Cup place.
The UK's competition watchdog has launched an investigation into whether a drug used by the NHS in England and Wales was unfairly sold to a rival.
Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body.
Audi has announced it will not race in the Le Mans 24-hour endurance race in 2018, but will compete in the Formula E series instead.
More than 1,000 homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a water main burst.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale will say her party will restore the money lost from the Tory tax rise on working families if it wins the Holyrood election.
Bristol City will be boosted by the return of midfielder Milinko Milic from injury for Friday's Championship game against Queens Park Rangers.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament to choose a new prime minister to replace Nouri Maliki, who is seeking re-election.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" weather warning for much of Scotland as high winds continue to batter the country.
More than 2,000 gold coins from the era of the Fatimid Caliphate have been discovered off the coast of Israel.
Former world number one Anders Lindahl has been banned from tennis for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing charges.
A row has broken out over the size of the pay package for the chief executive of British Airways, after it emerged that he was paid £400,000 a year.
Colleges across England are being challenged to achieve in two years what schools failed to deliver in a decade of formal education - good GCSEs in English and maths.
A newborn baby girl has been taken to hospital in Dublin after she was found abandoned on a street in the city centre.
A Singaporean couple have stunned social media with a coffin-themed wedding photo shoot, which they hope will shed light on the subject of death.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser to earn Birmingham City a point at Championship leaders Huddersfield Town.
Downton Abbey has added a new guest star to its line-up for the fifth and final series of the BBC One drama.
World oil prices have fallen sharply since June, with many of the world's biggest producers - Saudi Arabia, Russia, Iran and Venezuela - feeling the impact.
Wolfsburg striker Nicolaj Bendtner has been fined by Uefa for failing to turn up to training on time.
A key part of a machine used to encrypt German messages in World War Two has been found in a shed in Essex.
Wales and India have been shortlisted for a series of arts projects as part of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
One of England's largest academy chains has been criticised by Ofsted for failing to improve the quality of its schools.
Arsenal have signed France international Serge Reveillere from French side Ligue 1 side Lille for an undisclosed fee.
A proposal by Russia's security service to keep public access to details of the owners of state-owned property secret could make it harder to tackle corruption, say anti-corruption campaigners.
Nato and Russia have agreed to keep channels of communication open to reduce the risk of military incidents, after talks at the Nato-Russia Council.
The Scottish Prison Service is to use jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones by prisoners, Justice Secretary John MacAskill has announced.
Thousands of people in the US state of Louisiana have been forced from their homes after severe flooding caused by heavy rains.
Australian airline Jetstar has appointed its first female chief pilot, in what is believed to be the first of its kind in the world.
A fake BBC news story claiming to show that Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta will win the forthcoming election has been shared widely on social media.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the gang rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro.
Plans for a new golf course on the Aberdeenshire coastline have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to build a new £1bn headquarters in London, despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of a "bungalow" built by Stonehenge's ancient inhabitants.
A chronology of key events:
Christian Benteke's proposed move to Crystal Palace from Liverpool has been rejected by the Premier League club.
A Scottish grandmother who moved to Australia to care for her dying son and his wife is facing deportation back to the UK.
A major shopping centre in County Tyrone has been badly flooded after heavy rain caused a culvert to burst.
A task force set up to help save Scotland's steel industry has met for the first time.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket with immediate effect because of back problems.
A newborn baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop in Conwy county.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Professional Football League's top flight will boost the profile of Scottish football, according to SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster.
Universities in Wales need to get rid of their tuition fee grants if there is not enough money to fund them, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Guy Luzon says he will not worry about his future at the club until Saturday's Championship game at West Bromwich Albion.
The Chinese government is using "confrontation and shaming" as part of its efforts to control foreign companies, according to the former head of GlaxoSmithKline in China, Peter McGregor.
Wales beat England 1-0 in the Euro 2016 semi-final to reach the last 16 of the European Championships.
More than a third of working families in England will be unable to pay their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by the charity Shelter.
The number of people using contactless payments to pay for goods and services reached record levels last year, according to industry figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a road crash in Conwy county on Saturday have paid tribute to a "kind, loving and selfless person".
Iraqi forces are still fighting to recapture the centre of the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, a US military spokesman has told the BBC.
Isabelle Linden scored a late equaliser to earn Birmingham City Ladies a 1-1 draw at Reading in the Women's Super League One Spring Series.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the Republic of Ireland Under-21 squad for the first time.
The UK's inflation rate rose to 0.3% in January from 0.2% in December, official figures show.
Great Britain won four gold medals at the European Indoor Indoor Athletics Championships in Bologna, with David Davies and Katie Weir winning discus and T37 discus titles, while Rebecca Hermitage claimed a world record in the T37 400m.
The Scottish government has said it is "confident" it will deliver improvements to the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
Sheffield United manager Paul Heckingbottom says he is "not considering" keeping Yids Yiadom at Bramall Lane until the defender's future is resolved.
Welsh ministers have been accused of wasting public money on a "useless" poster campaign to promote plans for the Metro.
Ireland flanker Sean O'Brien will make his first appearance of the season in Saturday's Six Nations game against Scotland after returning from injury.
MPs have debated whether the BBC gets a "fair bang for its buck" from the public purse.
Astronomers say they have discovered the most distant object ever detected in our Solar System.
If you want to woo someone, don't try to woo them with a bunch of flowers.
England pulled off one of the biggest upsets in the history of the Rugby World Cup with a stunning victory over world champions New Zealand.
A group of business leaders has pledged $1bn (Â£700m) to fund research into artificial intelligence (AI).
Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in their opening Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season.
The Labour Party has seen a dramatic rise in the number of young voters casting their ballots in the general election, particularly among 18-29-year-olds.
Veteran British conductor Sir Neville Marr has died aged 94.
It was the strangest of nights, and a strange story.
A man has died after a two-car crash in Bangor, County Down.
The sale of so-called legal highs in the Republic of Ireland is now completely illegal.
West Ham manager Mark Hughes says he would consider selling Giannelli Imbula if the "right offer came in".
A man has died after a car crashed into a lorry in Kent.
The body of a man has been found during the search for a missing holidaymaker off the Tresco Estate in Cornwall.
Sengo has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016, marking him as one of the UK's most exciting emerging artists.
The mood at the Likud Party headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief.
The number of people making daily commutes of two hours or more to and from work has more than doubled since 2010, official figures show.
Barra Airport in the Highlands is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle crossing is expected to open to traffic in Dumfries and Galloway later this month.
Tributes have been paid to those who died in the Manchester Arena attack.
Plans for a Garden Bridge across the Thames in London have been given the go-ahead after a deal was agreed to cut London taxpayers' contribution to the project by two thirds.
An exhibition of water lilies by the late British artist Dame Zaha Hadid has opened at Chatsworth House.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" in London.
It was a difficult year for the arts in Northern Ireland, with the Arts Council of Northern Ireland seeing its funding cut and concerns over sustainability raised about its future.
Tate director Nicholas Serota has released a statement to mark the end of his time at the gallery, in which he explains why he is stepping down.
The transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 July.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around Reading's Royal Berkshire Hospital.
Prime Minister John Key of New Zealand has told the BBC's Asia Business Report that he is optimistic that the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be signed.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the former head of India's largest Roman Catholic nunnery, has died in the city of Kolkata (Calcutta).
Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Lizzie Laws on a short-term deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal negotiated by the UK government.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal to sell itself to a group of investors for £1.
Afghanistan's new president, Ashraf Ghani, says he wants the country to be "truly open for business", but how will he do it?
A flood-prone railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after improvements were made to improve safety.
A dog with a "unique" feature which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home after an appeal for a new owner.
A letter written by John Lennon, which is believed to be the first ever written by the Beatles singer, is to be auctioned in April.
David Cameron's promise to hold a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union in 2017 is prompting fears of a split in the Conservative Party.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of its sealing.
Former Scotland midfielder Danny Wilson says it will be of "great importance" if Darren Fletcher is not named as captain for Wednesday's World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland.
A rescue boat made by Swansea college students has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos where it is being used by lifeguards.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas at protesters who had gathered to oppose a curfew imposed after the fatal shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has pledged to reduce the rate of deforestation in the Amazon rainforest.
New South African sides will find life in the Pro12 "brutal" when they join the competition, according to former Stormers and Stormers head coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised the country's largest electricity company, Transportadora de Electricidad (TDE).
Yum Brands, the owner of the KFC fast-food chain, has reported a sharp rise in profits, helped by strong sales in China.
Residents of the Sheerwater estate in Surrey have said they want to see a new regeneration plan drawn up after objections to plans to demolish their homes.
About 200 workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on a drilling rig.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have elected a black council member for the first time since a black teenager was killed by a white police officer.
TUC delegates have agreed to co-ordinate industrial action against the government's planned cuts to public services.
Lee Clark has been named as the new manager of Kilmarnock.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins became the first British rider to win a gold medal at the Road World Championships with victory in the men's time trial.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on his recent trip to Vietnam.
Two Australian men have been charged over an alleged terror plot to carry out a knife attack in Sydney, police say.
An MP has admitted he "take some responsibility" for a council's £10.25m loan to a football club which has never been paid back.
Young people born in the early 1980s are the first post-war cohort not to have higher incomes in early adulthood than previous generations, according to a study.
A Star Wars fan has created a series of photographs of the Firth of Forth and Clyde featuring characters from the Star Wars films.
Ray Moore has stepped down as tournament director of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells after saying it is easier to be a top female tennis player than a male.
Richard Cockerill has resigned as head coach and director of rugby at Leicester Tigers.
A New York court has ruled that former insurance executive Hank Greenberg can stand trial on charges of conspiracy to defraud.
Somerset captain Marcus Trescothick hit a double century before Nottinghamshire fought back to take control of the second day's play against the Proteas at Trent Bridge.
Two directors of a turkey processing company in Newport have been jailed for food hygiene offences.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been praised for his "incredible bravery".
Volkswagen has said it is "hopeful" it will come up with a solution to fix the software problem that led to the rigging of US car emissions tests on its diesel cars.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield Town came from behind to beat Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka have launched an anti-corruption investigation after allegations of match-fixing during the first Test against England.
Ronnie O'Sullivan admitted he has been "eating like a pig" after winning the Masters for a record-equalling 10th time.
Arsenal will host Leicester City in the Premier League's first ever Friday night game to be shown live on Sky Sports.
Talks between the leaders of the Republic of Ireland's two main political parties to form a minority government are due to resume later.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Championship club.
A rare albino deer has been born at a zoo in the Czech Republic.
An elderly couple and their 12 children are believed to have gone to Syria with the rest of their family, the BBC understands.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has unveiled plans for Cardiff Bay's first gondola service.
The Northern Ireland Court of Appeal has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) must produce documents in a case brought against it by a loyalist businessman.
US President-elect Donald Trump has accused his predecessor Barack Obama of not doing enough to stop Russian hackers from meddling in the US election.
A football club has apologised after police were called to investigate a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Two high-profile papers in Istanbul have been attacked with gunfire and fire at night, Turkish police say, after their offices were set on fire.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
A blogger who was facing a court case over a £25,000 libel case against a council leader has had her case dropped.
An investigation is under way after a suspected mid-air theft on an Emirates flight from Dubai to Hong Kong.
France's presidential candidate has said he will reform the European Union if he wins the election, because if he does not, France will either have a "Frexit" - leaving the EU.
A British citizen has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation from the UK after winning a case against the Home Office.
A senior financial services executive has been banned from the City for life after being found guilty of avoiding paying an Oyster fare by boarding a train without buying a ticket.
David Cameron has a "domestic and international duty" to tackle corruption during his visit to Russia, his former foreign secretaries have said.
Hartlepool striker Jake Cassidy scored a late equaliser to earn a draw at Macclesfield in the National League.
Iran will not decommission its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor until next week, the country's nuclear energy minister has said.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die in World War One, begins with a phone call to the War Office.
David Haye says he will "take whatever punishment he needs" after being warned by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) following his controversial defeat by Tony Bellew in London on Saturday.
The battle to save British Home Stores (BHS) from liquidation is still far from over.
Thousands of workers in South Africa have gone on strike in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A French passenger who was shot in the neck while trying to stop a suspected Islamist gunman on a train has been awarded France's highest honour for bravery.
A Borders road is to be closed to traffic as part of a flood protection scheme.
A bid to devolve powers to the Solent region of Hampshire and the Isle of Wight is "probably dead", council leaders have said.
Middlesbrough midfielder Marten de Roon has signed a new long-term contract with the Championship club.
A steam train carrying Winston Churchill's coffin has been restored after it was damaged when it was hit by a train.
Doctors in London say they are feeling under pressure after a surge in demand over the Christmas period.
Ikea has issued a recall of a popular beach chair after reports of injuries to users' fingers.
Banks in India have begun marking people's fingers with indelible ink to stop them from using their old high-value banknotes to exchange them for smaller ones.
Hollywood actress Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head injuries suffered by former American women's footballers.
A woman has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Fairlie, North Lanarkshire.
Australian cricketer Phil Hughes has died after being hit by a ball while playing for Sydney Thunder.
Sofia Aluko scored a late equaliser to rescue a point for Hull City at home to Nottingham Forest, who missed the chance to go top of the Championship.
Scientists believe they have made a significant step forward in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa forward Andre Ayew is being investigated by the Football Association after being involved in a crowd trouble in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Watford.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson says he hopes to see out his final season with the club at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
England goalkeeper Svein Lindahl has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Chelsea Ladies.
One of the world's most famous Afghan women has been arrested in Pakistan on fraud charges.
In the early days of the Industrial Revolution, inventors were often encouraged to invent things in their own homes.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Oxfordshire County Council has launched a public consultation on plans to improve the A40 in Oxfordshire.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands international defender Daryl Janmaat from Dutch club Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has gone missing from her home in Greater Manchester.
A missing seven-year-old girl has been found safe and well, police have said.
A gay clergyman has accused the Church of England of being homophobic.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is a little rusty as Scotland prepare to face Slovenia in Sunday's World Cup qualifier.
Aberdeen defender Ryan Shaughnessy has signed a new contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Belfast Giants missed the chance to move level on points with the Elite League leaders as they were held to a 4-3 defeat by Nottingham Panthers at the SSE Arena on Friday night.
"This is the best beach in the world," said Hassan Hussein.
A Catholic priest from the Republic of Ireland has become a saint in the Catholic Church in the United States.
Critics have praised an exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate Modern.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A Leeds United employee has told a tribunal she was "treated differently to every other member of staff" because of her relationship with the club's head coach.
Elton John has apologised to a female steward for calling her "Hitler" during a row over crowd control at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager, saying he wants to "savor life while I am still relatively young and relatively healthy".
The closure of Ceredigion Council's only residential home would be "absurd", a union has said.
Nasa's Juno probe has returned its first high-resolution images of Jupiter.
"There is no such thing as a black and white line when it comes to statistics."
More than 100 jobs have been lost after a West Midlands biscuit maker went into administration following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
The company behind the collapsed Pembrokeshire-based wearable tech project Zano has updated backers on how its £2.3m funding was distributed.
Malaysian police say they believe so-called Islamic State (IS) militants were involved in a knife attack on a restaurant in which a man was stabbed to death.
The search for the next UN secretary-general is under way, with a number of candidates from Eastern Europe in the running for the post.
At least 13 people have been arrested as part of an anti-terrorism investigation into a suspected Kurdish-Kurdish jihadist network, Italian police say.
An RAF serviceman who had his medals stolen from his car after removing them from his uniform says he is "proud of what he has done".
British authors Jim Crace and Kevin Barry have been nominated for the Irish equivalent of the Man Booker Prize for Fiction for their novels Harvest and Out Stealing Horses.
A Leicestershire museum could be at risk of closure after a bid for funding was withdrawn, the Museums Association has warned.
Manchester United secured fourth place in the Premier League with a hard-fought draw at home to Arsenal as Theo Walcott's late equaliser earned a point at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their "inexperience in sub-continent conditions in the second Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka, which ended in a 10-run defeat.
Thirty years ago this week, the Zeebrugge ferry sailed into the English Channel from Rotterdam, bound for Dover.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland say they have been inundated with calls from people concerned about the plight of bats.
A man has been seriously injured after being stabbed on a London Underground train at a station in south-east London.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, meaning the country will no longer be a member of the EU.
Three pupils have been expelled from Dumfries and Galloway High School after cannabis was found on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to the new Championship season with a comfortable victory over Leeds United at Loftus Road.
Five police officers have appeared in court accused of using the force's helicopter for "inappropriate filming".
Microsoft has unveiled SmartGlass, a device that lets owners of its Xbox One games console connect to their smart phones and tablets via a web browser.
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way on Saturday as Celtic begin their defence of the title they won last season with a 2-0 win over Stranraer.
Gatwick Airport was closed after a drone was spotted close to the runway, causing a number of flights to be diverted.
One of Bahrain's most prominent human rights activists, Abdulhadi al-Rajab, has been released from prison after serving two-thirds of a three-year jail term.
Aberdeen missed the chance to move level on points with second-placed Celtic as Rangers came from behind to beat the Dons at Pittodrie.
A consortium of private companies is in talks to bid for £1.2bn of NHS contracts to provide cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
A memorial to Jersey soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France.
Exeter Chiefs came from 19-0 down to beat Sale Sharks and move level on points with Premiership leaders Wasps.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into alleged abuse and neglect at care homes in south Wales.
Congo beat Burkina Faso 1-0 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time with a dramatic late goal.
An Indian writer-activist has been charged with sedition after allegedly posting on Facebook that the national anthem was "insulting".
More than 150 passengers have been moved to other flights after two planes collided in Detroit, Michigan.
Scotland's unemployment rate rose slightly to 5.5% in April, up from 5.4% in March, according to official figures.
A university student has produced what she claims are the "most environmentally friendly falling snow products in the world".
Mental health services in England have seen a sharp fall in the number of hospital beds available for patients, figures show.
The mother of a schoolgirl with a rare genetic condition has said it is wrong to say her daughter does not deserve a new drug to treat it because it is too expensive.
Motherwell have told the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) that Saturday's Premiership game against Aberdeen will go ahead after the majority of their first team squad recovered from the flu bug that affected them on Thursday.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died aged 91.
A company has been given a two year conditional discharge after admitting health and safety breaches over faulty gas pipes in homes in a new housing development in Dorset.
The University of Groningen in the Dutch city of Rotterdam is one of the country's best known universities.
The Ulster-Scots language was given special protection by the British and Irish governments after the Battle of the Somme in 1798.
A US mother-of-two who had been missing since November has been found alive after being kidnapped in California, police say.
New York City's City Council has voted to ban topless performers from performing in Times Square after complaints they were harassing pedestrians.
A man who spent more than a year in a mental health hospital has been evicted from his home after refusing to leave.
Pregnant women are being misled by some private clinics about the risks of using a blood test to determine the sex of their unborn child, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine forward Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
An action plan has been published by the Welsh government to encourage people to walk or cycle to work, school and work.
If you want to win the Republican nomination for president of the United States, you have to understand that there are certain groups of people you just do not cross.
Thousands of competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Mountain Race in Snowdonia.
House of Commons Speaker Sir Kevin McCarthy is being investigated for breaching the House of Commons code of conduct.
China's most popular microblogging site, Sina Weibo, has listed its shares in the US for the first time.
Great Britain's Wheelchair Basketball team are back in action!
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to trace after a man assaulted another man on a Glasgow bus.
Residents of the US territory of Guam say they are "scared" by North Korea's threat to fire a ballistic missile at the island.
A British diver who was due to be extradited to Malta to face charges over the deaths of two British divers has said it is a "bittersweet success" he can finally start to grieve for his friends.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Monday, lifted by gains in energy and consumer goods shares.
Ukrainian authorities have begun a campaign to remove communist-era monuments in the eastern city of Zaporizhya.
Rory McIlroy says he will not be satisfied with just a point in Friday's Ryder Cup singles unless he beats his American opponents.
Four men have been charged in connection with an axe-wielding robbery at a Greater Manchester petrol station.
Amazon has been accused of avoiding tax in the UK by claiming to use Luxembourg to avoid paying UK income tax.
As the migrant crisis continues to unfold in Europe, the number of Afghans caught up in the migrant boat disaster in the Aegean Sea has reached record levels.
It was supposed to be the story of a cheats who came back from the dead.
A Northampton MP who is facing deselection over a missing £10m football loan has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust chairman Phil Sumbler has urged the club's new American owners to "pull together in the long-term interests of the football club".
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman who was killed in a head-on car crash in Gwynedd in March 2014.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about his team's patriotism ahead of his side's Euro 2016 game with Wales' Gareth Bale.
Ed Miliband should not be drawn into a dispute between Labour and the Unite union over the selection of general election candidates, Tony Blair has said.
Theresa May has dismissed reports of a row between her and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker over Brexit as "Brussels gossip".
Former Livingston and Raith Rovers midfielder Scott Martin has signed a new contract with the Scottish Championship club.
The Circuit of Wales would have been "well outside the natural agglomeration" of the motor sport industry if it had been built in Wales, a motorsport boss has said.
Hundreds of jobs could be lost and care homes closed under plans being considered by Southampton City Council.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved off the bottom of the Scottish League One table with a hard-fought victory in the National League.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Joe James from Premier League side Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
A man and a woman have been found stabbed to death at a house in Leeds.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
The mother of a schoolgirl found dead in a canal with a convicted murderer strapped to her body has said the case has "destroyed much of our faith in our country's ability to protect its citizens".
At least 40 civilians have been killed in a Taliban attack on a village in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, one of Australia's most popular entertainers, has been convicted of child sex abuse in the UK, but back home in his native Australia he is facing a backlash for his "horrendous crimes".
The boss of France's PSA Group, which owns Vauxhall, is to meet the UK's Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss plans to buy the carmaker's European operations.
One of Scotland's largest salmon producers has reported a loss for the three months to June due to "exceptional mortalities" and "biological challenges".
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has called for an investigation into a controversial PFI contract signed by Invest NI.
US scientists say they have identified the first insect repellent made from the grass sweetgrass.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of having sex with her boyfriend on a set of the X Factor.
Google has been taken to court by Facebook over its use of the word "litter" in an alleged trademark infringement case.
Residents in a Lincolnshire village have been told to boil their tap water after tests found "hormone-free drinking water".
In this week's Tech Tent, we look at the rise of virtual reality, the future of artificial intelligence, and the boom in video games online.
England completed a six-wicket victory over Pakistan in the second Test at Headingley to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Belfast's Japan Society of Northern Ireland has moved into its new home, a modest two-storey house on the outskirts of the city.
David Cameron has said he is "skeptical" about a Russian proposal to take control of Syria's chemical weapons, but welcomed it as a "significant step forward".
Former deputy attorney general Lord Ashcroft is recovering in hospital after falling ill while promoting his new book about David Cameron at the launch of it in London.
The fall of Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand from the Taliban indicates that the group is planning to push even harder to expand its footprint throughout the country.
The Ministry of Justice has said more must be done to tackle the growing number of packages being thrown over prison walls.
Church services will be held for the first time in Wales to celebrate the ordination of women priests in the Church of Wales.
Councillors are being asked to approve the final design of a permanent home for the Great Tapestry of Scotland in the Borders.
Sinn FÃ©in's deputy first minister, Martin McGuinness, has said he hopes the SDLP and the Alliance Party will make up their minds over the next seven days whether to join the Northern Ireland Executive.
The search for the bodies of three crew members who went missing after a helicopter crash off the coast of County Mayo in the Republic of Ireland has resumed.
Thousands of people from around the world have gathered in China for the annual National Day celebrations.
An all-amputee team from the UK have become the first to row across the Atlantic Ocean solo.
A second tidal turbine has been installed in Shetland to generate electricity for the first time.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan for the rest of the season.
Two men who claim to have found a lost Nazi train from World War Two say they have told Polish authorities it is buried at a site near the city of Walbrzych.
Bradford City have offered new deals to 10 players, including midfielder Paul Darby, who helped the League One club reach the FA Cup final.
New Tate director Janice Balshaw says she wants to change the Tate in the next 20 years as much as her predecessor did in the last two decades.
CIA Director John Brennan's personal email account appears to have been hacked by hackers, according to newly released documents.
RobotCup, the world's largest competition for robots to play football, is under way in London, with the aim of beating humans at their own game.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Former World Cup-winning footballer Abby Wambach has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence of drugs.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine, ahead of two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome.
Teachers in England earn an average of 22% less than their counterparts in OECD countries, according to a study by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Relatives of four Chinese migrant workers killed by British troops in Malaya have lost a legal bid for a public inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Kristoffer Nordtveit for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have vowed to return to Glasgow after a concert in the city was cancelled due to safety concerns.
England's chief adjudicator has criticised the country's schools for not being clear enough about how they allocate places to pupils.
Tottenham moved level on points with Premier League leaders Leicester City as they came from behind to beat Swansea City at White Hart Lane.
Celtic captain Scott Brown has urged his team-mates to "get themselves together" and "bounce back" from the disappointment of missing out on the Scottish Premiership title.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a season-long loan deal.
What would you do if you had to go to work while the Northern Ireland Assembly was shut down?
Russia has begun military exercises in southern Russia, as its air force carries out air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria.
A paramedic who posted "offensive and derogatory" comments about a Stafford Hospital nurse on Facebook has been struck off the medical register.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying Tunisian and Tunisian activists trying to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip, officials say.
Scotland's political leaders have been campaigning ahead of the general election on 8 May.
A new compensation fund for people diagnosed with asbestos-related mesothelioma will pay out up to £123,000, the government has announced.
Blackburn Rovers and Bristol City played out a goalless draw to keep alive their hopes of Championship survival.
League One side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Shrewsbury Town and Macclesfield Town midfielder Paul Barnett on a short-term deal following his release by MK Dons.
South Sudan's former vice-president Riek Machar has said he will return to his home country to fight against the government of President Salva Kiir.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down 0.4% at 6,842, with shares in RBS among the biggest fallers, while the pound fell against the dollar and the euro.
A man has died after being restrained by police in Dorset.
The number of people who describe themselves as Christians in Wales has fallen since 2001, according to the 2011 census, but the outlook for Christianity in the UK is "even more pessimistic than the data suggests", Prof Richard Dawkins has said.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last survivors of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died aged 94.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in same-sex sex, police say.
Wigan moved level on points with Super League leaders Wigan at the top of the table with victory over Super League's bottom club Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
It is often said that the mark of a true leader is to change his or her name.
Scotland's councils have agreed to take in Syrian refugees as part of the UK government's Syrian Vulnerable Persons Relocation Scheme, according to Cosla.
Graeme Shinnie scored a stunning late winner as Aberdeen beat Apollon Limassol to take a big step towards reaching the Europa League last 16 with a second-leg aggregate victory in Cyprus.
Two Canadian police officers have come under fire for having an expletive-laden conversation in the cockpit of a police helicopter.
A teenager has been jailed for life for murdering another teenager in a knife attack in north-east London.
World number one Andy Murray reached the fourth round of Wimbledon for the first time with a tense four-set victory over Italian Fabio Fognini on Centre Court.
A suspect has been arrested over a plot to bomb the Borussia Dortmund football team's team bus before a Champions League match against Monaco, but investigators now believe it was motivated by financial greed.
The family of a black man who died after being restrained by police have called for calm after a protest over his death.
Gillingham have appointed Paul Pennock as caretaker manager until a permanent successor to Graham Taylor has been appointed.
Police in India have dropped sedition charges against 12 Muslim men arrested for allegedly shouting anti-India slogans during the World Twenty20 cricket match between India and Pakistan.
The head of Israeli Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon has called on Turkey to end oil smuggling by so-called Islamic State (IS), saying he hopes the practice will end.
The US government will not grant an easement to allow the Dakota Access Pipeline to cross a key water source in North Dakota, Native American campaigners say.
An alpaca that was seriously injured in a dog attack has died, its owners have said.
A prison officer who was seriously injured in a dissident republican bomb attack has died, police have confirmed.
A man accused of murdering a man outside an Aberdeen shopping centre was "in a bad way" when he died, a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim manager Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to prove he is the right man for the permanent job.
Aberdeen's David Hayes has won his appeal against his red card in Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Celtic.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term "hipsters" to refer to people who lost their businesses in a fire in east London.
A convicted killer who is already serving a jail term for killing a man with an axe has admitted assaulting another man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans to build a new ground at their old ground in Sudmeadow.
Police are investigating whether Britain First breached a court order after members of the group visited a mosque in Newport.
Iraqi archaeologists have begun a 3D reconstruction of artefacts lost at Mosul Museum after the Iraqi city was destroyed by the US-led coalition air strike in 2003.
More needs to be done to cut the number of people who are drinking alcohol, particularly under the age of 45, a report has said.
Wreckage from one of the largest shipwrecks in the history of the Dutch East India Company is to be uncovered this summer.
West Ham's move from the Boleyn Ground to the Olympic Stadium will see the end of Upton Park, but how will the Hammers' new ground affect the surrounding area's businesses?
Shrien Dewani, the husband of a woman who was murdered in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to face murder charges.
Thousands of terminally-ill people in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland are being let down by poor end-of-life care, a report says.
England's Test series against South Africa came to an end as the Proteas completed a seven-wicket victory in the final Test with an innings to spare.
A US-based radio telescope has produced some of the most detailed images yet seen of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina is considering introducing tougher penalties for anyone who hits or shouts at a teacher, under a plan backed by the country's education minister.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he woke up in a park in Honolulu, Hawaii, after being robbed of his mobile phone and wallet.
Aberdeen must show they can cope with the pressure of playing at Hampden Park in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Hibernian, according to former Dons captain David Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's former bodyguards, Abdulrahman al-Bahri, has died in Yemen, officials say.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in southern Chile after the Calbuco volcano erupted again, officials say.
North Carolina Republican Senator Kay Hagan has survived a challenge in the state's primary, the latest test of the party's strength in the US Senate election.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college's previous management team, the BBC has learned.
Up to 40% cuts to police funding in north Wales would represent a "significant challenge" for the force, a senior officer has warned.
Chechnya's Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram threatening to kill Russian opposition leader Sergei Kasyanov.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 2-1 defeat by the Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena on Saturday night.
A special meeting of Muslim leaders in the Russian republic of Chechnya has called for "retribution" against Novaya Gazeta, after it reported that gay people had been tortured and killed in the region.
Star Wars star Harrison Ford has revealed he is working on a new Indiana Jones film, but says he does not want to do it without a good script.
England's James Anderson took his 200th one-day international wicket against Australia to become the most successful England bowler of all time.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK by the end of the year.
Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drugs business for $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn).
A 19th Century poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction for £200.
The FA Cup, one of the world's oldest and most prestigious cup competitions, is about to begin its first qualifying round.
Justice Minister Seán Shatter has been caught up in a series of high-profile controversies since he took office in 2011.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Agyemang-Badou Ndiaye has left the Northampton Town Football Club after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
A gym has been criticised for putting up an "offensive" "fat shaming" poster in the middle of a road.
A "breakthrough" discovery suggests it may be possible to stop breast cancers spreading to the bone of patients with secondary breast cancers, scientists say.
Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg will have no case to answer over claims he racially abused Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel.
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Barcelona at Mestalla.
It's one of China's most famous myths, but is about to be remade in New Zealand and Australia.
Two previously unseen cels from Walt Disney's first animated feature-length film have sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
An Australian man wanted by police for breaching his bail has responded to police by posting a mugshot of himself on Facebook.
Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn hopes Wladimir Klitschko will take the fight, regardless of how many titles are on the line.
A lollipop lady was knocked unconscious when she was hit by a car which failed to stop after being blinded by the setting sun, a court has heard.
Amnesty International (AI) has called for "urgent action" from Qatar to ensure the 2022 World Cup in the country does not become "built on forced labour and exploitation".
Scotland's canals have been captured on Google Street View for the first time.
Laptops made by Chinese electronics giant Lenovo have been fitted with adware designed to help shoppers find the cheapest deals online, the BBC has learned.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew faster than expected in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after an incident at a house in Nottinghamshire.
Four teenagers aged 14, 15 and 16 have been arrested in Milan on suspicion of carrying out a series of armed robberies in the style of the A Clockwork Orange film.
A Turkish military jet has crashed into the mountains near the Syrian border, killing the pilot, officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will appeal against the presidential election result to the Supreme Court.
Rachel Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their World Cup qualifier in Pembrokeshire.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing full-frontal nudity in its latest issue.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a hard-fought points victory over Matt Macklin at London's O2 Arena.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most controversial and controversial politicians.
Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has warned of "savage" cuts to the force's budget.
Some critically endangered species, such as the yellow crested cockatoo, can become self-sustaining as a separate population outside of its natural range, a study suggests.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue to work despite resigning in protest at a new law banning Gaddafi-era officials from holding public office.
Venezuela's acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he plans to turn the house where he was born into a museum to commemorate the life of his late predecessor, Hugo Chavez.
EastEnders fans are getting ready for the big reveal of who killed Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet has signed a new contract with the League One club, although the length of the deal is undisclosed.
Premier League champions Leicester City are in talks to sign N'Golo Kante from Nantes.
Scientists have shown that the liver can regenerate itself, using stem cells from the biliary duct.
Ofcom could fine mobile phone operators up to £20,000 a day if they fail to meet agreed service goals under new proposals from the government.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a lorry in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Nazi deportation of Spaniards from Mauthausen concentration camp in northern Germany is being marked on Tuesday.
A Kent council is facing a £5.1m insurance bill after it failed to pay compensation to traders affected by a controversial live animal export ban.
Livi Redbridge moved to the top of Scottish League One with victory over Queen's Park while East Fife beat Peterhead and East Stirlingshire beat Stenhousemuir.
An 88-year-old man has been reunited with his former bandmates for the first time in 25 years after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Modern humans began interbreeding with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought, according to new analysis of DNA from ancient human remains.
Leaders of Syria's opposition have met for the first time since the start of the anti-government uprising began in March.
Leicester City fans have clashed with police in a central Madrid city centre after the Premier League game between the Foxes and Real Madrid.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming the system" by putting pupils in early for GCSEs, the education minister has admitted.
Two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate to death in the US state of Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty in court.
One of the last of the missing Chibok schoolgirls from Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state has been found at a hospital in the city of Maiduguri, officials say.
A man has died after falling ill at a home in south-east London.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US for its nuclear power unit, Westinghouse.
US band Earth Wind & Fire - one of the most influential soul groups of the 1970s - were known for their uplifting, soulful sound.
If you're a fan of The Apprentice, you'll know we're not talking about the good, the bad and the ugly.
Geordie Shore star Nathan Phillips has told Newsbeat he's brought the show "up to date" with his bisexuality on the new series of the MTV show.
Trams are to return to the streets of Birmingham for the first time since the city's trams were scrapped in 1953.
Red Bull drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel say they will take it "one race at a time" as they try to keep themselves in the title race.
It's been a year since a devastating earthquake hit Nepal in the South American country of South East Asia.
Former Celtic and Chelsea footballer Abdiwali Feruz has absconded from a court in Glasgow where he was due to stand trial on driving charges.
US doctors have questioned North Korea's account of what caused the coma of a US student who was held in the communist state for 15 years.
Alastair Cook scored his first Test century since 2013 as England drew their two-day warm-up match against St Kitts and Nevis.
Welsh light-welterweight Joe Ormond was knocked out in the 10th round by Liam Evans at the Manchester Arena on Saturday night.
A group of Welsh language campaigners have blocked the entrance to the Welsh government's headquarters in Denbighshire in a protest over the Welsh language.
HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) chairman Dave Thompson has called for a review of the law on image rights payments to footballers.
Nottinghamshire seam bowler Aneurin Gurney says he is "excited" about the future at Trent Bridge despite relegation from Division Two of the County Championship.
Mebyon Kernow will not be fielding candidates in the general election on 8 June, the Conservative Party has announced.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a suspected arson attack on a house in Bournemouth.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have gathered for the funeral of England and Leeds Rhinos player Danny Jones, who died in May.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package aimed at easing protests by young people against his labour market reforms.
Politicians around the world have been reacting to the murder of MP Jo Cox, who was shot dead in her constituency on Thursday.
More money is to be made available to people who rent their homes out to rent in Wales after the Welsh government announced extra funding for the sector.
Chelsea were held to a goalless draw by Porto in the Champions League group stage as the Blues failed to score for the first time this season.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
Prince Charles urged Tony Blair to consider culling badgers, newly released letters show.
A man has died in a two-car crash on the M1 motorway in County Armagh.
World chess champion Magnus Carlsen of Norway beat Russia's Sergey Karjakin in what was billed as the "match of the century".
A former Liberal Democrat peer who resigned from the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership has pledged to vote for Labour in the general election.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with life-threatening injuries after a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
A group of baby otters are being cared for by staff at a zoo in the Czech Republic after being born prematurely.
A 10-year deal by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) to buy timber from a sawmill operator may have breached EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
Alexandra Palace in London is to be turned into a permanent home for the BBC's first TV studio and theatre, after winning a £26.7m Heritage Lottery Fund grant.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at McDiarmid Park, despite being linked with other top-flight jobs.
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being a "disgrace to our country" after a video emerged of him bragging about groping women.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated" by the decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in the 1-1 draw at Ibrox.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from a number of Lochs in Argyll and Bute after bacteria levels were found to be above legal limits.
Carlisle United have signed Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's Football Association ban for betting on football matches has been extended after his appeal against the length of his ban was rejected.
The son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of his father.
A Chinese man's decision to open a retirement home for retired police dogs has gone viral online, with many calling him a "national hero".
Two midwives have been accused of breaching health and safety standards after a mother died after giving birth to a stillborn baby.
A sudden increase in the number of leatherback turtles has been reported off the coast of Wales, marine conservationists have said.
More than 200 people were evacuated from an American Airlines flight from Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after an engine failure, the Chicago Fire Department says.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered his finance minister to create a plan of defence in the event of a national emergency.
Hundreds of London Underground ticket office jobs are to be axed as part of plans to cut costs, unions have said.
A man has been charged with assaulting a woman who was racially abused outside a supermarket in Buckinghamshire.
British eventer Richard Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the first time after a superb performance in Saturday's cross-country.
The Manchester bombing, the London Bridge terror attack and the beheading of a taxi driver by Islamic State militants.
The former Vatican secretary of state is to donate €200,000 (Â£150,000) to a children's hospital after a row over his use of a top-floor flat, the head of a nearby hospital has said.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are back in the big screen.
A judge has ruled the trial of two high school footballers accused of raping a 16-year-old girl will be open to the public.
Nigerians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, with Muhammadu Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC) v Goodluck Jonathan of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
Essex captain Steven Silverwood says winning the County Championship title would be the "holy grail" for his team.
Politicians on both sides of the EU referendum must be prepared for a period of uncertainty and uncertainty ahead.
A corn snake with special needs has been found in the back of a RSPCA van in Newport.
Newport County's new manager John Sheridan saw his first game in charge end in defeat at home to Exeter City as Danny John-Lewis scored the only goal of the game.
Exeter City continued their perfect start to the League Two season with a comfortable win over Crewe Alexandra at St James' Park.
Polish film director Jerzy Wajda has died aged 90.
The Independent newspaper has been targeted by cyber-attackers who used malware to target visitors of its blogs website with adverts.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's long jump with a superb display at Rio 2016.
A Viking weir discovered in Southampton Water has been identified as part of a 1,000-year history of coastal erosion.
"If you ever need a piece of advice for dealing with the United States, just read this one: "Don't mess with America."
A man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing to commit acts of terrorism in Syria.
A gold pendant discovered in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a metal detectorist who plans to sell it for Â£1,000.
A Lancashire health trust has been rated "outstanding" after being told to make "significant improvements" to its mental health services.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
England began their autumn international campaign with a convincing victory over South Africa at Twickenham under head coach Eddie Jones.
Comedian Jason Manford has been inundated with social media offers to help his elderly father find a job.
Campaigners have said they are seeing a rise in the number of people claiming they were exposed to asbestos while working in the construction industry.
Liverpool's mayor has set out plans to cut £90m from the city's council budget in a bid to balance the books by 2020.
Liverpool fans are being asked whether they are in favour of safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Doncaster moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places with victory over Colchester thanks to Joe Rowe's late goal.
British number one Johanna Konta and world number one Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals in Melbourne.
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has said he will join forces with a conservative ex-PM to defeat far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the run-off election.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the upcoming Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle film.
Great Britain's Chloe Toulson has won the women's individual Olympic diving gold medal at the European Aquatics Championships.
A man from Northern Ireland has been ordered to complete a course on sexual offending to help him stop viewing child pornography.
An exhibition of World War One memorabilia has opened at a Powis Castle in Powys.
An Ohio man wanted by police for failing to appear in court has turned himself in after sending police a selfie of himself to help track down his warrant.
A man who attacked two policewomen with a machete in Belgium has been identified by prosecutors.
Swiss bank UBS has been placed under formal investigation in France over allegations of tax evasion and money laundering.
London's private rental market is unaffordable for many families, according to a report by the homeless charity Shelter.
The number of vacant posts for England's children's social workers has risen sharply, official figures show.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp slowdown in sales growth as it continues to win market share from discount retailers such as Poundland and 99p.
Pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline is to end patent protection for some of its medicines in the world's poorest countries.
A Northern Ireland health trust has agreed to pay £5.3m damages to the parents of a seriously ill baby girl.
It's one of the UK's most popular quiz shows and now it's about to get a radio show.
School underachievement in some parts of England should be a national concern, says the chief inspector of schools Ofsted.
A review into the use of postal votes in the general election has been published by the Electoral Commission.
Oscar-nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be a part of the Oscars ceremony because he believes it is "the stupidest thing in the whole world".
A man has pleaded guilty to culpable homicide after fatally punching a man in the head at a pub in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his team's recent FA Cup-winning form has affected their Premier League form this season.
Great Britain's men's 4x200m freestyle relay team won gold at the World Championships in Russia as the United States missed out on a first ever title.
A mechanic has been sacked after a motorist was left "open-mouthed" when a dashboard camera recorded him driving his car at 57mph while it was being serviced.
Four people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a police station in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and UK over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates.
The world premiere of the new film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles, USA.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes President Barack Obama is partly to blame for protests against him at Republican town hall meetings.
Queen's University in Belfast is being asked to take action to improve the way it manages leadership and direction after a survey of staff suggested it was not effective at managing change effectively.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a safe containing a "significant sum" of money from a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being let down by a lack of mental health support and a "toxic" working environment, according to a report.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new contract with the Ospreys is "fantastic news for Welsh rugby", says former Wales captain Martyn Williams.
London is celebrating Christmas this year, with many of the capital's streets and squares marking the season with festive lights, festive music and festive shopping.
The Killers singer Brandon Flowers talks to the BBC about making his second solo album, The Desired Effect, and why he's not ashamed of being a rock star.
A teenager with a rare type of leukaemia has married his fiancee in a hospital in a show of love to raise awareness of AML (amyotrophic Lymphoma).
Australia's Greens leader has called for a four-day week, saying it is time to ask "big questions" about the future of work.
Great Britain's Jack Burnell described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 100m breaststroke as "outrageous" after he was disqualified from the race.
Glamorgan director of cricket Les Rudolph says senior players need to "stand up" for the team after a 2-0 County Championship defeat by Worcestershire.
US carmaker Ford Motor Company has reported a sharp rise in profits, helped by strong sales of F-150 trucks and SUVs in North America and Europe.
A man accused of murdering a police officer in a "casual sexual encounter" has told a court he had "no intention of causing him harm".
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned from the Leeds Football Club Holdings (GFH) board following the takeover of the club by Massimo Cellino's Eleonora Sport.
Residents in a Norfolk district are being asked to vote on whether they want to see a rise in council tax after the local authority said it was "stretched to the absolute limit".
The leader of Spain's opposition Socialists, Pedro Sanchez, has lost a vote of no-confidence in the lower house of parliament.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better prepared for the next Test against New Zealand after their heavy defeat by the All Blacks in Wellington.
Two ambulance crew members were uninjured when two cars and an ambulance were involved in a crash in Lincolnshire.
Poland's Football Minister Mateusz Pohorecki says his country will pass on lessons learned from Euro 2012 to host the next European Championship to Uefa.
Scotland's opposition parties have criticised Alex Salmond after he unveiled a new portrait of himself in Edinburgh while he was absent from Parliament over the Syria crisis.
A new report has set out the economic and social case for extending the Borders Railway.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision by Transport Scotland to look at the feasibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
Some of the UK's leading tech firms are developing gadgets specifically for the elderly, with products such as the Breezie tablet, a tablet that is easy to use and easy to set-up, and a phone that has a detachable keypad.
A passenger boat has collided with a pier on the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier in high winds.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 with a new series of his controversial drama This is England.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he is "open-minded" about a planned review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Scotland's Ricky Burns beat Namibia's Julius Indongo on points to win the WBO world bantamweight title at the Hydro in Glasgow.
A group of Syrian refugees living in Northern Ireland are helping to restore ancient stone walls in the Mourne mountains in County Down.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a man who died in a fire in Fraserburgh in May 2015.
Police investigating a suspected attempted abduction at RAF Marham say they have been unable to trace one of the suspects.
North Korea has test-fired a mid-range ballistic missile, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's finance committee has called on the Scottish government to ensure public confidence in the operation of its finances.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched what it says will be the world's first real-time Earth observation network.
Catalans Dragons suffered their second Super League defeat of the season as Hull FC moved top of the Super League table with a bonus-point victory at St James' Park.
A consultation on plans to build up to 1,000 new homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester has been delayed, the BBC has learned.
The introduction of the new Virtus body armour system in the British Army has been met with a mixed response from soldiers who say they have found it difficult to get off the ground wearing it.
Rangers have signed Stoke City striker Joe Gordon on loan from National League side Stafford City.
Children as young as 12 were threatened with an airgun by a gang of youths who attacked a group of performers dressed as elves.
Hundreds of ex-soldiers are to take part in a march in support of those facing prosecution over the so-called Bloody Sunday inquests after a planned march in Londonderry was called off.
Former Chelsea and England defender John Le Saux says football needs to "face its demons" if gay players are not to be allowed to play in the game.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age town in Dorset, believed to be the largest open settlement in Britain.
A deaf charity says it has been "overwhelmed" by demand for its specialist employment support for people looking for work in Wales.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is happy with his squad until the end of the season but is willing to listen to offers for some players.
The SNP could raise up to £1.2bn a year in additional tax revenue if it imposes a higher rate of income tax, according to a new analysis.
The chief executive of Japanese camera firm Olympus, Kenji Kikukawa, has pleaded guilty to breaching the country's financial laws after admitting to hiding losses.
Three journalists who are on trial in Egypt accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood have pleaded not guilty to charges of spreading "false news".
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death in east London.
Saracens lock Alex Kruis has been called up to the England squad for the autumn internationals against Argentina and Australia after recovering from a knee injury.
More than 1,000 people in Burkina Faso have been infected with the mosquito-borne disease Dengue fever, the World Health Organization says.
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a grant by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 international defender Apostolos Bouchalakis on a permanent deal from Greek club Olympiacos.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike on a village near the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, reports say.
A Londonderry woman has been named as a BBC Music Day Unsung Hero for her work with students with learning disabilities.
A hospital is searching for nurses to replace staff who have retired or retired because of a shortage of nurses.
Two Israelis have been killed in a suspected car-ramming attack in the West Bank, with a police officer and a teenager injured, Israeli officials say.
Conor McGregor says he will knock out Floyd Mayweather "in four rounds" in their Las Vegas super-fight on 26 August.
David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his tax affairs - including how he paid his mother's inheritance tax - has been met with a barrage of criticism.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to switch on a church's floodlights for the first time since they were stolen.
Seven Iranian citizens have been charged by the US with hacking into US government computer systems to steal trade secrets.
League One side Shrewsbury Town have signed West Bromwich Albion teenager Jamie Roberts on loan for the rest of the season.
Swansea University is to spend Â£1.5m refurbishing one of its lecture buildings.
A record number of workers in England have signed up to save into a workplace pension - but there are still "significant challenges ahead", regulators say.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence after admitting starting a fire which destroyed part of a former Exeter resort.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town midfielder Joe Burns on loan for the rest of the season from League One rivals Bristol City.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said the whole of the world will see the Olympic flame light up at Rio de Janeiro's Maracana stadium on 5 August 2016.
At least 10 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
One of Scotland's most famous detectives was born in an Aberdeenshire village, but his early life was very different to what we know today.
Two nurses who falsified patients' medical records and falsified blood glucose levels on a hospital ward have been jailed.
A judge in Brazil has lifted a temporary ban on the building of a controversial hydroelectric dam in the Amazon rainforest.
The number of little terns nesting at one of the UK's largest colonies has fallen by half since last year, the RSPB has warned.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales by a wildlife charity.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for being a drugs mule has been deported from the country.
A bulldog is to be used as a mascot in a campaign to persuade employers to offer workplace pensions to more people.
A man accused of murdering his partner thought about jumping off a cliff while he was on holiday, a court has heard.
The Royal Opera House in London was evacuated after a fire alarm was sounded during a performance of Donizetti.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who died at a motorbike race in the Republic of Ireland.
Brendan Foley was a man of few words but he knew how to score a try.
Ofcom has released an app to help people check if their home wi-fi is working properly.
Graeme McDowell shot a one-under-par 69 to finish joint second at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links.
Surgeons hope to be able to reconstruct human body parts using 3D bio-printing in the future.
The tiny Pacific territory of Palau is made up of a chain of low-lying, coral-strewn islands that lie between the South Pacific and the Pacific Ocean.
AC Milan came from behind to draw 1-1 at Napoli to move level on points with Serie A leaders Juventus.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been added to the writers list of their hit single Uptown Funk, following the Blurred Lines court case.
China's President Xi Jinping has called for "more understanding and trust" between his country and the US, saying it would be a "disaster" if the two countries go to war.
A row has broken out between an MP and a councillor over the opening of a Coca-Cola sweet shop in Leicester.
A police unit that failed to investigate a rape allegation against a man who went on to kill his two children was "over-stretched", the police watchdog has said.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar (also known as Burma) after apparently being stabbed to death.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, according to the United Nations.
Great Britain's performance at the London 2012 Olympics was a stunning success.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Northern Ireland has been delayed until the end of 2017.
One man has died and another is in a critical condition after a suspected murder in Birmingham.
If you like the sound of that, you're in luck - the general election campaign is officially under way.
People who struggle to pay their water bills will soon be able to save money on their bills thanks to a new tariff being launched by Welsh Water.
Aston Villa manager Remi Garde is expected to name his first team squad for Saturday's Premier League game at West Bromwich Albion.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki from Premiership rivals Northampton Saints.
The Archbishop of Dublin, the Catholic Church in Ireland, the Most Reverend Justin Martin, has said the church does not want to repeat the "awful mistakes of the past".
A member of the Hatton Garden raid gang, accused of stealing £14m worth of jewellery from safety deposit boxes, hid some of the loot at a cemetery, a court heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of fat clogging up London's sewers.
Games maker Valve has announced a major overhaul of the way games are recommended for inclusion on its Steam service.
An American man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in Iran for spying for the US government.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford "gyrated around" when asked if he was "dancing or something" in a police interview about an allegation he indecently assaulted a woman, a court heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayas of India.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor went head-to-head in front of a sell-out crowd to promote their super-fight in Las Vegas.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist John Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's bobsleigh team for the World Championships in Pyeongchang in February.
Two men who died in an explosion at a paint-spraying booth factory died as a result of smoke inhalation, an inquest has heard.
A 19th Century cottage in the Cotswolds that inspired the novel The French Lieutenant's Woman by John Fowles is to be opened to the public for the first time.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest Liverpool player to score in the EFL Cup as Leeds reached the semi-finals at Anfield.
West Ham have said they have "nothing to hide" about the terms of their lease to use London's Olympic Stadium after the Information Commissioner's Office ruled it should not be made public.
The Prince of Wales has urged people not to repeat the "horrific persecution" of World War Two.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans for a new national funding formula for England's schools, with extra money to be allocated depending on need.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, has delivered his first Budget of the new parliament.
Henry Blowers, one of the great broadcasters of Test Match Specials (TMS), has died.
Real Madrid continued their perfect start to the season with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad at the Bernabeu.
A new law recognising Hindu marriages in Pakistan has come into effect in the country's most populous province.
Harlequins have signed Toulon fly-half Demetri Catrakilis.
More than 3,000 people could be forced to leave their homes after a volcano erupted in Guatemala, officials say.
Scientists have developed a blood test that can tell you how well you are ageing, based on the activity of 150 genes.
A woman from Conwy county who was caught up in the Manchester attack probably saved her life by using her mobile phone, her husband has said.
Russia has accused Turkey of "miscalculating" the location of Turkish soldiers who were killed in an air strike on the Syrian town of al-Bab on Thursday.
A plan to merge two of England's largest hospitals has been criticised as "completely lacking in transparency" and "mired in confusion".
Six people have been rescued after two fishing boats ran aground in Devonport.
A woman has died in a house fire in the Scottish Borders.
Hundreds of rail passengers were forced to get off their trains after a signalling problem caused major delays to services in the South West.
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a plot to import guns and drugs into the UK from France.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man who they accused of being a witch.
In our series of letters from business experts, cyber-security expert and author Paul Whitehead looks at how small businesses can protect their intellectual property from cyber-attack.
Thousands of former Hoover workers could lose out on their pensions if the company's pension scheme is sold to the Public Pension Fund (PPF).
A man has died after an incident in Dublin city centre in the Republic of Ireland.
Two women have died and another has been seriously injured in a two-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
In her speech at the Conservative Party conference in May, Theresa May spoke of a "seamless" solution to the problem of the Irish border after Brexit.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it is in the interests of the UK economy to get a "good deal" for Wales in the Brexit negotiations.
A 3D-printed version of real cartilage has been developed by scientists in North Carolina, US, and North Carolina State University.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a businessman who hopes to turn it into a community venue.
"It was a Sunday," says John Haynes with a smile, "and the whole of the City was closed.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed midfielder Bobson from Crawley Town on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
More than 1,000 rowers have taken part in the return of the University Boat Race in Newcastle.
Russia's only aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, and other warships are sailing through the English Channel as part of a large-scale deployment to the Mediterranean.
All photographs courtesy Dronestagram.
West Ham have signed striker Emmanuel Emenike from Turkish club Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal a cash machine.
England and Wales will meet in the last 16 of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in China on Saturday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl".
England's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the British Open at Royal Troon.
The bodies of the co-pilot of a Germanwings flight from Barcelona to Duesseldorf, which crashed into the French Alps on 15 April with 150 people on board, have been found, investigators say.
Botswana's president has ordered US pastor Russell Anderson to leave the country after he appeared on a local radio show saying homosexuals should be killed.
Scarlets will not "hold back" in extending the contract of Wales fly-half Liam Williams, who will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup game against Zebre.
Former Blackburn Rovers and Blackpool striker Jamie Campbell is now playing non-league football for Maidenhead United.
Police Scotland has been given the go-ahead to take over railway policing in Scotland.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has agreed to grant extra borrowing powers to Stormont to pay off up to 20,000 public servants due for redundancy.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal from Championship rivals Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
Maria Sharapova's surprise at not knowing who David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar were at Wimbledon has gone viral on social media.
Police are investigating allegations of physical and sexual abuse against two boys at a care home.
The National Assembly for Wales should change its name to the Welsh Parliament, AMs are to be told.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described his last meeting with David Cameron as "dignified" and "emotional".
Plans for a new creative hub in Carmarthenshire could be blocked by the Welsh Government over concerns it could be compared to a similar project in Swansea.
A new breed of honey bee has been discovered to be more resilient to a deadly disease than its more common cousins.
A settlement offer has been offered to settle a long-running dispute over plans for a mosque in Dudley.
French police have arrested several people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
Muhammad Ali was the most remarkable sportsman in history but he was also, at times, one of the most bigoted, one who preached love but delivered hate.
Bath head coach Tony Smith says rugby league is a "totally different game" to rugby union - but why did he decide to switch codes again?
An Australian mother and her two young children have been arrested in Lebanon in a so-called "recovery" operation to return them to Australia.
A new method of identifying cancer cells using artificial intelligence has been developed by Cardiff University researchers.
Bristol have signed Leinster and Ireland centre Rory Harris-Wright on a short-term deal from the Pro12 club.
A lorry driver has been jailed for five years for causing a head-on collision which killed two people when he failed to brake.
The number of new house sales fell sharply in April, according to a survey of surveyors.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to end "imunity and lack of accountability" in his first speech since taking office.
Scarlets fly-half James Davies has apologised for using "abusive language" on the pitch during Sunday's European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon in France.
Children's author Helen Bailey may have drowned after being put down a cesspit, a murder trial has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised diving at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Hundreds of homes are to be built on the site of a former school in County Antrim.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69.
Olam International, one of the world's biggest palm oil traders, has been accused of encouraging unsustainable trading practices that may contribute to the annual haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
A Scottish peer has been accused of giving a "propaganda gift" to the Chinese government at a conference in Lhasa.
An endangered species of shark has been found dead on a beach in County Down.
Global temperatures have stopped rising since 2000, according to a new analysis of the oceans.
With the transfer window set to close at 23:00 BST on Tuesday, the pressure is on for clubs and agents to get a deal done before the window closes.
The Isle of Wight Council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family whose homes were evacuated after a landslip damaged their homes.
Arsenal moved off the bottom of the Premier League as Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game to beat Hull City at Emirates Stadium.
Facebook has been criticised for failing to remove pages belonging to convicted sex offenders from the social media site.
Aaron Ramsey scored twice on his return from injury as Arsenal sealed fourth place in the Premier League with victory at Norwich City, who were relegated from the top flight.
David Barnett has been appointed as Derbyshire's new head coach and elite performance director.
Australia captain Steve Smith says England should consider replacing Keaton Jennings with a different opening batsman for the Ashes series-deciding Test against Australia.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) have launched investigations into whether former HBOS senior managers should be banned from senior positions.
A hospital cleaner has been suspended after a patient's name was shared on Facebook by a member of staff.
The Philippines military says it has regained "complete control" of the city of Marawi after days of intense fighting between government troops and Islamist militants.
Southern has been accused by the RMT union of "targeted harassment" of its members.
Six teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot as a plane was approaching Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman while she was walking home from a night out has lost an appeal against his jail sentence.
Derbyshire have extended the contracts of batsman Shiv Thakor and all-rounder Shiv Godleman.
Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man died after being knocked unconscious by a single punch.
As the UK votes on whether to stay in the European Union (EU) on 23 June, Australian expats will be among the first to cast their ballots.
An athletics club has been told it can no longer train in Windsor Great Park because of safety concerns.
Singer Adele is to play four more nights at Wembley Stadium in 2017, making her the most successful pop star to play the venue five times.
Super League leaders Castleford ran in six tries, including a record-equalling six to beat Leigh Centurions, thanks to a hat-trick of tries from England winger Danny Eden.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled since 2013, figures show.
Thousands of people took to the streets of Londonderry on Saturday night to show their support for the Black Lives Matter movement.
Hundreds of thousands of people have taken part in the Belfast Pride parade in the city centre.
A UN-backed tribunal looking into the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened at the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague.
Boris Johnson has become one of the most high-profile figures in British politics as the UK votes to leave the European Union in a referendum on 23 June.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius, who was convicted of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, is unlikely to be released early from prison.
A teenager who broke his spine after falling from a bridge has told Newsbeat he is lucky to have survived and wants to "carry on with my life".
South Sudanese musicians have called on the war-torn country's people to leave revenge behind, and forgive each other.
Brazilian director Ruben Babenco, whose 1985 film Kiss of the Spider Woman was nominated for a best picture Oscar, has died aged 69.
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have built ten generations of robots in real life.
Ed Sheeran has donated his "whole wardrobe" to charity shops in a bid to raise money for a carers' charity.
Tanzania's Health Minister Hamisi Kigwangalla has come under fire for tweeting that homosexuality is "not biological, it is unnatural".
A man has died after falling into the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield Town moved off the bottom of the National League with a comfortable win over struggling Dagenham & Redbridge.
Six people were arrested after a pitch invasion and flares were let off at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by setting fire to her while she was asleep.
Two men have been arrested over the death of a man who was hit by a car in Rotherham.
Newport County striker Jordan Washington says he has been "lucky" to be part of Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifying campaign after scoring twice against Wales.
A Grade II-listed hall has reopened to the public after a £1.6m revamp.
A British couple have become the first in the world to carry a wife and wife at the World Para-Marathon Championships in the Czech Republic.
The UN Security Council has unanimously adopted a new treaty aimed at curbing the global arms trade, but the US has yet to ratify it.
The Great Manchester Run will go ahead as planned this weekend, despite fears over security after the Manchester Arena attack.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a collision with a car.
Essex spinner Reece Harmer says he will "ride the wave while he can" after taking four five-fers in two games in a row for the first time.
The justice secretary has launched an inquiry into whether more should be done to ensure prisoners in England and Wales have the education they need when they leave prison.
Dilma Rousseff's removal from office as president of Brazil is the latest in a series of high-profile ousters of democratically elected leaders across Latin America.
They are students, they work for a university, they are passionate about science, and they are not afraid to talk about it.
A jockey has been banned from driving for life after being found guilty of drink driving while over the legal alcohol limit.
Swansea council has revealed plans to move its civic centre and central library from its current site in the city centre.
A dog with its tail docked after having its claws removed has been found dumped "like rubbish" on a Kent road.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks prop Vadimobilas will join French side Bordeaux-Begles next season.
Dundee United have signed Hibernian's Scott Keatings for an undisclosed fee.
Mortgage approvals rose to a record level in July, suggesting that the UK housing market is picking up momentum ahead of an expected rise in interest rates.
The husband and father of a Leeds woman who died in Pakistan have appeared in court charged with her murder.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence-powered personal assistant (AI).
HGV drivers caught using their mobile phones while driving have been filmed by police as part of a crackdown on distracted driving.
British number one Kyle Edmund beat American Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Gerry Weber Open in Belgium.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with money laundering and fraud.
Police are searching for a father and his two young children who went missing from their home in Brighton on Saturday.
Borussia Dortmund midfielder Christian Pulisic scored a late equaliser to rescue a 3-3 draw with Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga.
Voting has begun in the General Election in Cheshire.
Scotland forward Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of facing some of the world's best hockey players when the Hockey World League semi-final gets under way in London on Saturday.
A drugs expert has warned people not to assume ecstasy pills with a different logo are safe, after the deaths of at least four people.
US economist Peter Hart and Swedish economist Jonas Holmstrom have won the Nobel economics prize for their work on the structure of employment contracts.
More than 1,000 people in central Italy have been left homeless after a cold snap brought snow to parts of the region hit by recent earthquakes.
The world's largest gene-research project - the decoding of the human genome - has been launched by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AZ).
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a new stand at the club's home ground.
Lambing season is under way, with thousands of newborn lambs due to be born across north Wales.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a disturbance at a nightclub in Dundee.
More than 1,000 bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a cargo ship which sank in the North Sea have been sold at auction.
A police force has been accused of "trivialising a serious matter" after winning a sandcastle competition with a "sexual stereotyping" image.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has been met with a mixed reaction from Baltic commentators.
Formula 1 owner Liberty Media has completed its takeover of the Silverstone circuit, but plans to sell the circuit have been put on hold.
Two pilots who flew in World War Two's Battle of the River Rhine have been honoured at Gloucester's Jet Age Museum.
Rio Tinto, the world's biggest publicly listed steelmaker, has raised its takeover target for Australian steelmaker Riversdale Steel.
The head of the Pan African Union has called on the government in the Democratic Republic of Congo to suspend a referendum on extending the president's term in office.
Leinster have signed Niall Morris from Premiership champions Leicester Tigers.
A cyclist who died after a head-on collision with a pick-up truck has been described as a "positive, outgoing person" by her son.
A terminally-ill Sunderland fan who was given just months to live will lose his fight against cancer, his mother has said.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman & Korsakoff for an undisclosed sum.
Premier League leaders Leicester City will play Chelsea in the EFL Cup quarter-final at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday, while Newcastle United will travel to Newcastle United in the third round of the Carabao Cup at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Peterborough United have signed midfielder Jordan Lloyd from National League side Eastleigh for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to redevelop a former music venue in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by Cornwall Council.
A man accused of shooting dead an Indian man and wounded two others in the US state of Kansas told a restaurant worker he had done "something "really bad" before going on the run, police say.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in Blackpool.
Josh Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale to move into the Premiership's top six.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of four people who left fake reviews of a Dutch nursery on its Google+ social network.
Non-league Westfields will travel to League Two's Curzon Ashton in the FA Cup second round.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious groups from losing their tax-exempt status.
A mother and daughter who filmed a man shouting racist abuse at a far-right rally have said they are "scared of people with such a small-minded view".
A man has been found guilty of murdering his partner at a Dorset holiday park.
Portland Timbers won the MLS Cup for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Columbus Crew in a penalty shootout.
Families of three victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is "interested" in the idea of North and South Korea co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics in February.
Footage has emerged of the moment Turkish journalist Ahmet Dundar was held at gunpoint by a masked gunman at his home in Istanbul.
Carmarthenshire council hopes to use the city's Guildhall as a "self-sufficient" community centre after buying it from the Ministry of Justice.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the former Burmese opposition leader who was released from house arrest last year, will be the focus of this year's Brighton Festival.
The Duke of Cambridge is retiring from the Royal Air Force.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of a United Nations treaty aimed at ensuring disabled people have equal rights.
The new leader of the UK Independence Party has questioned the "legality" of the High Court's ruling that Parliament should vote on whether to trigger Article 50 to leave the European Union.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a national read-out in a bid to break the country's record for the number of pupils who have read aloud a book.
Spanish rider Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season with victory in the Japanese MotoGP at Misano, as Yamaha's Valentino Rossi retained the title.
Author JK Rowling has blocked some abusive Twitter users who called her a "traitor" for her support for the Scottish independence referendum.
A coroner's report into the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has concluded that his death may have been caused by shock.
A World War One aerodrome in Kent has been given Grade II listed status to mark the centenary of the start of the conflict.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two men were shot dead in separate incidents.
Scotland's courts have improved their performance since the closure of sheriff and justice of the peace courts, according to a new report.
Two horses named after Scottish islands have been unveiled by Police Scotland's mounted unit.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid at a Fife supermarket.
MTV has announced the 10 acts nominated for this year's European Music Awards (EMA) in Glasgow.
At least six people have been killed in shelling at a school in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on the first day of the year.
The trial of a Dublin teenager who is on trial in Egypt on terrorism charges has been adjourned until 2 August.
Farmers who signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet with First Minister Arlene Foster to discuss their future.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that EU students studying in Northern Ireland could withdraw their applications after the UK leaves the European Union.
Hull City have signed striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club-record £10m and Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee for a similar fee.
Big Ben's first day of operation is to be marked in London as part of a year-long celebration of the capital's history.
A baby wombat has been born at a nature reserve in Australia, bringing the total number of the animals there to 251.
England coach Steve McNamara says he is "in no rush" to decide if he will remain in charge of the national team after his side's series win over New Zealand.
An Australian man convicted of raping and murdering a woman from County Louth has been found guilty of raping three more women.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will join members of the Royal Family for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank could have been of "national significance" had it been an American company, its chairman, Lord Myners, has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named Radio 1's Sound of 2017.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with mistreating a peacock and guinea hens, animal welfare officials say.
Hibernian Ladies are through to the Women's Scottish Cup quarter-finals after a 2-0 win over Queen's Park Rangers.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus", ond fe ddaeth i'r amlwg fod y pecyn yn ffug.
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday firm has gone into administration, leaving 1,200 people unable to travel after it collapsed into administration.
The captain of the cruise ship Costa Concordia, which capsized in January 2013 killing 32 people, is due to begin an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "trying to find a compromise" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU after Brexit.
Lebanon's Gendarmerie has foiled an attempt to smuggle a synthetic stimulant drug into Saudi Arabia, officials say.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman will not be extradited to the US to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the earliest evidence of people living in Scotland about 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after a mass brawl in the Premier League on Boxing Day.
Scientists have discovered a fossilised skeleton of a Stegosaurus dinosaur at the bottom of a mountain in Argentina, South America.
England footballer Adam Johnson will stand trial in August charged with child sex offences.
The new operator of the South Western rail service has failed to clarify what role a second member of staff will have on its trains, a union has claimed.
Scientists believe Australia and South America were connected to Antarctica for much of the Cretaceous period.
Two people have died after a light aircraft crashed into a field in North Yorkshire.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has told the French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe that how many jobs will be lost when the UK leaves the European Union after Brexit is up to the EU.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir are searching for a Muslim man who is suspected of desecrating a temple in the city of Srinagar.
A legal action against Liberal Democrat MP Alistair Carmichael over claims he made false statements about himself during the general election campaign has been dismissed by the Court of Session in Edinburgh.
Braille paving stones which were meant to spell out a poem in the Braille language were "just gobbledygook", a blind man has said.
Lewis Hamilton says he needs to improve his recent form if he is to have a chance of winning the world title.
Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back again.
Championship newcomers Plymouth Argyle have signed midfielders Jack Rothwell and Harry Maguire from Premier League rivals Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
GPs and counsellors will no longer be able to refer patients for so-called gay conversion therapy on the NHS in England, Newsbeat has learned.
Internet security expert Brian Krebs says he is "little concerned" about a plot to trick police into responding to a bogus 911 call about a burglary at his home.
A London health trust has been placed in special measures after a culture of bullying and low morale was found at one of its hospitals.
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped the Food and Drink Exporters Federation (FDF) to post a record number of food and drink exports to the European Union.
Scotland's Olympic champion Katherine Grainger says she would go to get her black belt in karate if her house was on fire.
At least 28 pilot whales stranded off the coast of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have died after returning to the sea.
A man accused of murdering his former partner told police he was trying to stop her from causing serious injury when a fight "got out of hand", a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Danny Emmanuel-Thomas from Championship side Queens Park Rangers for an undisclosed fee on a permanent deal.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has come under renewed scrutiny after it emerged that one of the RHI scheme's boilers is being used to heat a horse solarium.
Tyrrell Hatton says he is "really happy" with his second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links.
England's innings-and-96-run victory over Pakistan in the second Test was "as good a four days of cricket as I've seen", says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
Kilmarnock have signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill for an undisclosed fee.
Alpine skier Lindsey Vonn marked her return from injury by becoming the most successful female skier in World Cup history by winning the overall World Cup title.
It is "hard to see how it could possibly be in our security interests to open visa-free travel to 77 million Turkish citizens and to create a border-free zone from Iraq to the English Channel", Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wanted to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen (VW) says it is working to find out how many of its diesel cars fitted with software that changed the engine's performance to cheat emissions tests.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's presidential and state elections, which are being held on Saturday.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned from the touchline for the rest of the season by Uefa after being found guilty of violent conduct.
Northern Ireland's A&E waiting times have long been criticised for being among the worst in the UK.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes, Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are in the running for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award.
As the Church in Wales welcomes the first women bishops in its history, BBC Wales looks at some of the women who have been fighting for equality in the church for years.
Former paramilitaries who were seriously injured in the Troubles should not be entitled to a special pension if their injuries are serious enough, they say.
A white supremacist who shot dead two Jewish men and wounded a teenager before killing himself has been sentenced to die.
Norwich City have signed Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Dijks for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge has finished his search and rescue duties at RAF Valley in the Isle of Anglesey.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
Police acted in a "proportionate and reasonable way" in the case of a man who died after taking cocaine, an investigation has found.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering four people found dead at a house in Washington DC, including a Greek-American businessman and his wife and their two children.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the live-action remake of Disney's Beauty and the Beast.
The body of a man has been found off the Aberdare beach after a police search.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse at a detention centre on the Pacific island of Nauru "very seriously".
A judge in Mexico has issued arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where a deadly fire broke out in 2009.
A man has been arrested over the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire 50 years ago.
Travellers often complain about the bad service they receive when they travel.
Real Madrid midfielder Cesc Fabregas and Chelsea midfielder Pedro have been called up to the Spain squad by new coach Julen Lopetegui.
Indian author Shilpa Mukherjee is favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for fiction, after the shortlist was announced on Monday.
The annual Tomatina Festival is under way in the town of Tuscany, Italy.
A mako shark has been rescued from the sea off the Pembrokeshire coast after being caught by a team of anglers.
A young gorilla has been captured on camera "dancing" in front of visitors at a zoo.
In my experience of security at sporting events, there has never been a sense of safety.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of rising demand, a union has warned.
England's 1966 World Cup anthem We Were There has been released after 34 years.
More than 1,000 printers have been targeted by a hacker who hijacked the devices to spy on their owners.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a car in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable victory at Wrexham.
Nick Clegg has accused broadcasters of "putting the genie back in the bottle" over plans for TV debates before the general election.
Thousands of migrants who had been living in the "Jungle" camp in the French port of Calais have now had to leave their temporary homes.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to defeat terrorism and achieve security in his first 100 days in office.
Gianfranco Zola's first game as Birmingham City manager ended in a draw at Barnsley.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data analytics to help identify students who may be struggling with its online courses.
Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City moved level on points with WSL 1A leaders Birmingham City with a hard-fought win over Birmingham City Women.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has risen sharply since President Donald Trump took office, according to new figures.
Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League (BBL) after making "disrespectful and inappropriate" comments during an on-air interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome airport for trying to smuggle cocaine into Italy in a pair of trainers.
Nato and the Afghan government have agreed to withdraw US special forces from the city of Wardak in Afghanistan's volatile eastern province of Helmand.
Universities in Wales must "recapture a civic mission" after the UK voted to leave the European Union, the education minister has said.
India is one of the world's largest milk producers, and a major milk exporter.
The Doonhamers have cancelled a concert in Dumfries and Galloway due to a lack of ticket sales.
Ben Ainslie described his America's Cup team's dramatic comeback as "one of the most amazing comebacks ever".
Swansea City goalkeeper Angel Rangel says manager Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City the "best team in the UK" ahead of Saturday's Premier League game at Swansea City.
England's Laura Massaro and England's Laura Perry will meet in the women's and men's singles final of the British Open after both reached the final in Hull on Saturday.
Nine former employees of a Londonderry-based regeneration company are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Aberdeen Royal Infirmary has reopened to visitors following a norovirus outbreak.
An appeal has been launched to trace the families of children pictured in a series of photographs showing "terrifying poverty and terrible conditions".
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager who died after a car crashed into a wall.
A passenger ferry which crashed into the quayside after hitting a pier has returned to service.
A hotel manager has been given a suspended prison sentence after he and a colleague killed a cat in the kitchen of a Denbighshire hotel.
A strike by ferry workers in France over the sale of two Eurotunnel ferries has caused major disruption to cross-Channel transport.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) is investigating claims Team Sky continued to inject riders despite a ban.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home.
David Beckham has adopted a more "standard English accent" since moving to the US, according to researchers at the University of Manchester.
Former Racing 92 and Wales flanker Gareth Phillips says he is "surprised" by reports that Stade Francais and Racing 92 are set to merge.
A new range of emoji flags for Wales, Scotland, England and Wales has been approved by the UK government.
London's FTSE 100 share index rose on Friday after Scotland voted against independence, with Lloyds Banking Group and RBS among the biggest risers.
Anti-bullying is "on the increase" in Scotland, according to a new report by MSPs.
Scots Gaelic speakers on the Western Isles have raised concerns about an email scam.
League One side Rochdale have signed former Dagenham & Redbridge and Tranmere Rovers player-manager Gary Mills on a short-term deal.
Three cars and a lorry have been involved in a three-vehicle crash in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City Rugby Club has met with Coventry City Council to discuss plans for a new stadium.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county need to improve their fast bowling department if they can find some money in the bank.
Leicester hooker Ben Youngs says he is determined to regain his place in the England side despite missing the summer tour because of a back injury.
Wales suffered their heaviest defeat of the autumn internationals as Australia scored a late try to seal a bonus-point victory in the second Test at Twickenham.
Net migration will be in the tens of thousands when the Conservatives launch their general election manifesto in May, the home secretary has said.
Rangers moved up to second place in the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought victory over 10-man Aberdeen at Ibrox.
David Cameron has said it is time for the rest of the UK to "move forward" after Scotland voted against independence.
A blood test which can tell if a person has Alzheimer's disease could be a "game-changer" for patients, researchers say.
A record-breaking new cruise ship has been launched off the coast of Florida, Florida, USA.
Reading have released Hal Robson-Kanu, Rio Ferdinand and Chris Cox.
Animal rights campaigners are calling for Skegness' Jolly Fisherman to be replaced with a more "humane" fish.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has become the first French citizen to be granted Russian citizenship after applying for a passport.
England's Scott Waites will play defending champion Marcus Noppert in the semi-finals of the World Indoor Bowls Championship at Lakeside on Saturday.
Swansea City are expected to name Gary Rowett or Gary Clement as their new manager on Tuesday.
Neil McCann has resigned as Dundee manager to take up the same role at St Mirren.
Two Grade II-listed Victorian swimming pools and a 19th Century stately home are among the world's most endangered monuments.
A chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt for the people who elected him" after he missed a key Holyrood vote while refereeing a football match in Portugal.
One of the world's "most extraordinary" flowering plants - a giant spadix with a corm weighing 153.9kgs - has finally bloomed.
The number of under-18s referred to the NHS for treatment for transgender issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivia's President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he should be allowed to run for a third term.
Championship side Northampton Town have signed Fulham defender Richard Wharton on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Leaders of the Tour de France were forced to pull out of the race after a runaway train passed too close to a safety barrier during Sunday's summit finish.
A football game in the US city of Seattle sent seismic vibrations through the air, according to seismologists.
Football's world governing body Fifa has been caught up in the latest scandal to hit the sport's governing body, with allegations of bribery and corruption engulfing seven of its top sponsors.
England have accused Wales of scrummaging "terribly illegally" during the Six Nations.
A man accused of punching a newly-wed couple at a hotel wedding has told a court he was trying to defuse a "volatile" situation.
British rider Cal Crutchlow won the first MotoGP race of the season at the US Grand Prix.
Nato says its special forces in Afghanistan have captured a number of Taliban fighters in a raid in southern Afghanistan, resulting in the release of 40 prisoners.
Indonesia, a vast archipelago of more than 1,000 islands, is one of the world's largest and most geographically diverse countries.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales in the three months to the end of September, as it continues to battle with discount discount chains Aldi and Lidl.
The British Heart Foundation is calling for a new genetic test to be rolled out across the NHS to help diagnose inherited heart conditions.
Hampshire moved level on points with leaders Glamorgan in the T20 Blast South Group thanks to a six-wicket win over leaders Middlesex.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat off Peterhead.
Sri Lankans are calling for the release of previously unseen photographs of a young Tamil Tiger rebel who was shot five times in the chest in 2009.
Manchester City came from two goals down to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League last 16.
A "Jekyll and Hyde" man has been jailed for life for murdering two women he killed in separate incidents.
The British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is one of the most famous tours in British sporting history.
A hospital in Greater Manchester has been lifted from special measures after inspectors found a number of "outstanding practice" measures.
Bombay House in Mumbai is one of India's most iconic buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna have parted company with manager Alexis Sanchez after a poor La Liga season.
US comedian Bill Cosby has had his endowed professorship at a US college reinstated, despite allegations he sexually assaulted several women.
Caroline Wozniacki will play Sloane Stephens in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday after beating Karolina Pliskova in straight sets.
A lorry that crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire, killing a woman, may be demolished, a council has said.
Five teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a "riot" in a Torfaen town caused "hurt and fear" to residents and motorists.
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas for a record third time on favourite Air Force Blue.
India's government has proposed new rules that would require companies to obtain a licence to use online maps, in a bid to protect national security.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut at the Race to Dubai as Lee Westwood took a one-shot lead into the final round of the World Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery has been awarded a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to save a rare 18th Century painting of an African slave.
Public hearings into the conduct of late peer Lord Janner are to be held in March 2017, it has been announced.
Voting has begun in local council and mayoral elections across England, with the result of the South Shields by-election expected early on Friday morning.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his officials have said they have lifted a ban on Palestinians entering the Old City of Jerusalem from the Temple Mount, ending a long-running holy site dispute.
An Indian child who had been missing since September has been found after a social media campaign to trace her went viral.
Three human feet found in parks in Bath are being searched by police as part of an investigation into where they came from.
Plans to turn the hard shoulder of the M4 motorway into a "smart" road have been submitted to the government.
Households in the Channel Islands have been told to reduce their radon gas levels after the results of a survey were published.
More than 1,000 people have objected to plans by Lincolnshire County Council to make cuts to services in the town.
Tom Westley and Alastair Cook shared an unbroken century stand of 111 for Essex against Hampshire at Chelmsford after rain delayed the first day of the County Championship match.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their police dog units as part of cost-cutting plans.
Two police forces could not have done more to stop a man driving the wrong way along the M1 motorway before he crashed and killed two people, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will play Celtic in the second qualifying round of the Europa League after holding San Marino's La Fiorita to a goalless draw at Windsor Park.
Plans to create new marine conservation zones off the coast of Wales have been scrapped by the environment minister.
Wycombe Wanderers winger Paddy Kenny has left the League One club to return to Northern Ireland with his family.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in Hamilton.
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of the attempted murder of a Sun journalist was found on a jacket at the scene of the attack, a court has heard.
Thousands of people have been attending a music festival in the Western Isles.
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK is at its highest level since the 1980s, according to the Roman Catholic Church.
Wolves striker Marek Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury and could miss the rest of the season.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her five-year sentence rejected.
League One Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time with a convincing 4-0 victory over non-league Chesham United.
A man who spent more than 40 years in prison for murdering a woman in a Derbyshire cemetery has called for an independent investigation into the case.
A police officer who was Tasered four times by a man who killed a woman at a hostel has told an inquest he "didn't seem human".
The head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of betraying his people.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently following a public consultation.
If you are an ardent Eurosceptic, stop before you read on.
A man has appeared in court charged over the death of a 16-year-old girl who is believed to have taken a so-called legal high.
A New Zealand child has won a bonus bond scheme worth more than NZ$1m (Â£700,000; $1m), according to his family.
Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies from National League side Woking on a short-term deal.
Noble Energy, one of Asia's biggest commodity traders, has said it is likely to return to profit in the fourth quarter thanks to a sharp fall in the price of crude oil.
South African police have replaced detective Hilton Botha with a senior officer in the case of Oscar Pistorius, who is facing charges of attempted murder.
Kirsty Williams, leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, is facing the biggest challenge of her leadership - ensuring that there are enough AMs re-elected to ensure that she has a party group to lead for the next five years.
Nato needs to pay its "fair share" of defence spending, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Eight people have been arrested in Iran for allegedly posing without a headscarf on the photo-sharing site Instagram, prosecutors say.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos retained the leader's yellow jersey.
A woman found dead at a house in Manchester has been referred to the police watchdog.
A rescue group has offered to fly a "dangerous" pit bull from the UK to the US after its owner appealed against a court order to destroy her.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong Film Festival.
Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to race for Great Britain at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
A man is to stand trial accused of causing grievous bodily harm to a man who died after being mauled by his dog.
An Indian man who was marched off a London-to-Paddington train twice after police found "suspicious" wires in his bag said they were "just doing their job".
Portugal has become the first country in the world to grant citizenship to descendants of Sephardic Jews who can prove they were born in the country.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis workshop organised by tennis star Andy Murray.
AFC Wimbledon missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places as they were beaten at home by Portsmouth.
Scotland's justice secretary has said he is "encouraged" to see a "long-term decline" in the number of recorded homicide cases.
Wakefield Trinity will travel to Super League's bottom club Salford Red Devils in the quarter-finals of the Qualifiers.
Household spending power in Northern Ireland has fallen to its lowest level since the recession, according to a new report.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton moved level on points with world champion Kimi Raikkonen after a dominant victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic gold medallist David Whitehead's journey to Rio 2016 has been documented in a new photographic exhibition.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to make Prime Minister's Questions a "genuine exercise in asking questions and answering questions" at their first PMQs.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province after heavy flooding caused by heavy rains, reports say.
US billionaire Donald Trump has threatened to sue the Scottish government if plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen go ahead.
Conwy council wants to improve the safety of its coach drop-off and pick-up point in a bid to increase the number of foreign visitors to the town.
Ulster Bank customers in Northern Ireland have been told to update their bank accounts after a computer glitch affected their accounts.
A man detained in connection with the Berlin lorry attack that killed 12 people has been released without charge, German prosecutors say.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says taking the Bluebirds to the Premier League play-off final at Wembley would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Two arts bosses have been made redundant as part of a shake-up of the arts board on the Isle of Mull.
A $1.9bn (Â£1bn) European trust fund to help 23 African countries cope with the migrant crisis has been agreed at a summit in Malta.
The UK's energy mix will need to be "re-shaped again" over the next 10 to 20 years if the government's climate change targets are to be met, a report says.
NHS England's decision to publish details of doctors' private earnings - and how much they earn - is the latest sign that the government wants to tackle the issue of private practice in the NHS.
A man has been questioned over the death of a man who died after being hit by a van near Leicester railway station.
Bath moved off the bottom of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over London Irish thanks to a superb second-half display at the Madejski Stadium.
A Beatles manager's contract signed by John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr has failed to sell at auction.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv are still adjusting to the news that they are now within range of certain Palestinian rockets fired from the Gaza Strip.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy and his family had to drive two hours to Montreal after being asked to leave an overbooked flight because there was no seat for him.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in the rest of the UK, according to a new study.
The number of planes taking off and landing in the UK is set to hit record levels over the summer, raising concerns about the capacity of the country's air traffic control system.
Reddit has killed off its "warrant canary" to avoid legal action from the US government.
A contest to find the world's first female president has been held in northern India.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting the Westgate shopping centre in the aftermath of the deadly attack on the mall last month.
Work is under way to clear up debris left behind by December's floods in Norfolk and Suffolk.
A resident at a Carmarthenshire nursing home has died after an outbreak of flu, health officials have confirmed.
Benedict Cumberbatch has revealed how he helped deliver a baby girl when he was a young actor.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out elective mastectomies has told a court he did not "intentionally scare" patients.
A group of scientists from the UK's Arctic Mission have set out to travel to the Arctic Circle to see if they can find a way around the North Pole.
Google's net profit rose 11% to $6bn (Â£4bn) in the three months to September, compared with $5bn a year earlier.
Senga won the Queen Mother Champion Stayers' Hurdle at Royal Ascot as favourite Tivoli was beaten into second by Shutter Speed in a thrilling finish.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham at Gateshead Stadium in the National League.
China has said it will not recognise a UN tribunal's decision to throw out its territorial claims in the South China Sea, after the Philippines won its case against China.
A Syrian refugee is using 3D imaging technology developed in Scotland to help doctors diagnose and treat people with facial paralysis.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by local businessman Nigel Travis, with Dunkin' Brands and Baskin Robbins also involved.
Prime Minister Theresa May has the power to call an early general election if she wishes.
Skeleton staff are to return to work at a council office damaged by a suspected arson attack after services including housing and waste collection returned to normal.
The number of private ambulances responding to 999 calls in England has more than trebled since 2011, figures show.
Liverpool eased to a comfortable win over Burton Albion to move level on points with second-placed Burnley in the Premier League.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's World Twenty20 with a back injury.
New Ipswich Town defender Neil Taylor says his first day at Portman Road has brought back memories of how a club should be run when he was a youngster.
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released e-fits of two men they want to trace.
Gateshead have signed Newcastle United defender Joe Atkinson on loan until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" claims by the CIA that Russia carried out cyber attacks to help him win the election.
Shares in Portugal have fallen as fears of a left-wing coalition government taking over from the centre-right coalition government have increased.
Welsh snowboarder Charlotte Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Four men have pleaded guilty to assaulting and robbing a man and woman at knifepoint during a raid on a flat in Fife.
Colchester United have signed former Coventry City defender Andy Reid on a short-term deal.
"John Toshack's son, Cameron Toshack, is not looking to follow in his father's footsteps."
Children from poorer backgrounds are twice as likely to end up in the juvenile justice system than their better-off peers for committing a crime, according to a new study.
A man who stalked his ex-girlfriend for a year has been found guilty of murdering her and setting fire to her home.
"I have never fallen off my horse, but I have taken three people out of the saddle."
The sale of three types of raw sprouted vegetable seeds has been halted in France after an outbreak of E. coli.
A bid to run a hospital's fertility unit could lead to accusations of unfairness if it is not followed in future, a council has warned.
A section of the M42 in West Midlands has reopened after being closed following a fatal crash in which a lorry driver died.
Former Premier League footballer Adam Johnson told his partner "everything" he had told her about kissing a 15-year-old girl, his trial has heard.
Britain's social mobility problem is "going backwards not forwards", a government-backed commission has warned, with many families feeling "left behind".
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's test of a ballistic missile as a "flagrant violation" of a UN resolution on nuclear proliferation.
Rail bosses have been criticised for promising to provide a live feed of improvement work on the East Coast Main Line.
Belfast's Andrew Selby will make the first defence of his WBO light-welterweight title against England's Andrew Norman in Cardiff on Saturday.
Glasgow's Champions Cup campaign began with a thumping defeat by Northampton at Scotstoun.
Read the reports from Saturday's Scottish Premiership, League One, League Two and Challenge Cup matches.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Chesterfield.
Welsh place-names are an important source of information for historians and historians, but how much is known about their origins and meaning?
"This is the most important general election since the last one."
Four British rowers won gold medals on the opening day of the Rio Paralympics as Great Britain's Para-athletes dominated the medal table.
A judge is to review the way the Met Police investigates allegations of child sex abuse in England and Wales.
Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara is favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for his novel The Four Seasons, while American author Steven Tyler is the second favourite.
A former cathedral chaplain has criticised the decision to allow Muslims to take part in an Eucharistic service at a Scottish cathedral.
Norway's mass killer Anders Behring Breivik says he is being held in one of the country's maximum security prisons, according to a leaked document.
World number one Phil Mickelson will take a one-shot lead into the final round of The Open at Royal Troon after a record 36-hole score of 132.
Labour sources have denied leaking the draft of the party's general election manifesto to the Daily Mirror.
A drug could be a "tantalising" new treatment for Alzheimer's disease, according to experts, after it was shown to reduce the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain.
Justice Minister Gerry McCann has called on Attorney General John Larkin to resign.
An author who stalked a Scottish supermarket worker after she criticised his work has admitted assaulting her with a bottle of wine.
Atletico Madrid won the La Liga title for the first time in their history as they held Barcelona to a goalless draw at the Nou Camp.
An Invergordon port is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm being built off Scotland's west coast.
A man has been jailed for the murder of a Scottish woman who was found dead in Lapland.
A Swansea man who played a key role in the development of radar technology in World War Two has been remembered in his home city.
Photographer David Jenkinson has captured some of the most striking images of the Snowdonia mountains in his digital camera.
The Woodland Trust has launched a campaign to get more trees listed as ancient woodland in England.
More than 100 Afghan police officers who had been held hostage by the Taliban at a military base in northern Afghanistan have been freed, officials say.
Wales' traditional music is being celebrated at this year's World Music Festival in Cardiff Bay.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of care in critical care units and hospitals across Wales, the health minister has said.
Former Swansea City manager Bob Bradley has been named as the new head coach of Major League Soccer's Los Angeles Galaxy.
Thirty-six Yazidi survivors of so-called Islamic State (IS) have been rescued from Iraq, the UN says.
Three German women have been detained after a paparazzi flashmob caused panic in a Spanish town on the Costa Brava.
What are the top 10 teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit the Nepalese capital city of Kathmandu, Nepal.
The chief executive of Wales' largest health board was suspended in February 2016, BBC Wales has learned.
The Knights of Malta, the world's oldest religious order, have been celebrating the 900th anniversary of their independence from the Roman Catholic Church at the Vatican.
Liz Carr, who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died aged 94.
A man who shared personal data of US military personnel with so-called Islamic State (IS) has been sentenced to a year in jail by a US court.
It's that time of the year again when it comes to predicting the top three drivers in Formula 1.
Surrey Police chief constable Julie Owens has been accused of "morality cowardice" after being named as the new director-general of the National Crime Agency (NCA).
An outbreak of the norovirus - a potentially harmful virus - has been discovered at a hospital in Carlisle.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales wing George North says he is not worried about scoring tries in the run-up to the World Cup after scoring a hat-trick against Ireland.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has been freed and flown back to France.
Talks between Caledonian MacBrayne and the RMT union over a new contract are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says his team have a "point to prove" when they take on Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 on Saturday.
More than 100 people have been killed in floods in Indonesia's Aceh province, officials say.
German police have detained two Algerians suspected of planning to carry out a terror attack in Germany, officials say.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has pleaded not guilty to a Football Association charge of betting on football matches.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving after a car he was driving crashed into a tree in West Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of planning to carry out a terror attack in the UK.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has won a libel action against a Blackpool fan who claimed he had threatened him with a gun.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale following the collapse of its owners, administrators have said.
Andre Ward says he will make a "statement" when he fights Sergey Kovalev for the WBO light-heavyweight world title in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Plans to scrap the right of criminal defendants in England and Wales to choose their own legal aid lawyer could cause miscarriages of justice, the UK's most senior judge has warned.
A former member of Adolf Hitler's personal entourage who survived the Fuehrer's final moments before he killed himself in 1945 has told the Nuremberg trials of the Nazi regime's crimes against humanity.
Ulster's hopes of reaching the Pro12 play-offs are over after they were beaten by the Ospreys at the Liberty Stadium.
A safety notice has been served on the owners of a North Sea mine where a fire killed 11 workers.
A woman who claims she was sexually abused as a child by a man she later described as a "monster" has told a court he was "a monster".
Essex and Glamorgan will try to maintain their hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals when they meet at Chelmsford on Saturday.
Three senior Brexit ministers will travel to Mexico and Australia later as the UK seeks to secure a free trade deal with other countries after leaving the EU.
Police are searching for a man wanted in connection with an abandoned football match after reports of a player being stabbed.
A man's body has been found in a Lincolnshire river.
A few days ago I walked through the fields of Pisky village in eastern Ukraine and was struck by the beauty of the landscape.
Cardiff Devils are not the "bad guys" for having to play a game the night before Sunday's Challenge Cup final against Sheffield Steelers, says head coach Scott Kelman.
Singer Phil Collins has postponed two concerts in London after falling at his first show since returning to the stage.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a mother who was stabbed in the neck with a meat cleaver while holding her baby.
World Snooker players have voted to keep the World Shoot Out as a ranking event, despite the controversial decision to withdraw it from the UK Championship.
London 2012 champion Charlotte Dujardin will defend her World Cup dressage title at the London International Horse Show, which gets under way on Saturday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury under Frankie and Benny Dettori.
Mexican authorities say they have found no evidence that 43 students who went missing in the northern state of Guerrero last September are dead, but the families of the missing say they are still searching for answers.
The National Theatre's artistic director Tony Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to increase the number of black, Asian and disabled actors on stage.
Ballymoney rider Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week in Thursday's opening Superstock practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
The rolling green hills of the Yorkshire Dales, dotted with rolling green pastures, the rustle of grazing flocks of sheep in the fields, and the rolling green valleys of the Black Country beyond, can be seen in the distance.
More than 70 jobs have been lost after a Dundee food chain went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs.
Thirteen people have been jailed after a drugs gang was dismantled in Newport and Newport.
A motorcyclist has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist who was killed when she was hit by a motorbike in Nottingham.
Junior doctors in England have voted to go on strike in a dispute over a new contract.
An RSPCA investigation is under way into how dogs are cared for at a boarding kennel.
Volkswagen has said production will be halted at four of its plants in Germany after two suppliers failed to resume deliveries to the company.
Young people would be given free bus passes to get to school and work if the Liberal Democrats win the general election, Nick Clegg has said.
Dwayne Bravo's century helped West Indies to a four-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW), which allows EU member states to ask each other to extradite suspects to the UK, has come into effect.
Thousands of hospital staff across England will be celebrating Christmas Day with turkey, roast potatoes, stuffing, stuffing and Christmas pudding.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was fastest in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix.
The family of a British woman who was killed at Istanbul airport believe she acted alone and there was no evidence of a struggle, they have said.
England women's captain Emily Scarratt has pulled out of the Women's Rugby World Cup with a knee injury.
A man accused of having sex with a BBC radio presenter told a court he "craved" sex with her when he realised he was "probably too old" to be having it.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte retained the overall lead of the Criterium du Dauphine as Alberto Contador retained the race leader's yellow jersey.
Two goals from Joe Cardle helped Dunfermline Athletic to a convincing win over Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
Thousands of households across the UK are to be given a free booklet to help them register to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten Glacier in the east of the Antarctic could reverse course and retreat to the deep interior of its catchment, scientists suggest.
In the wake of the sacking of FBI director James Comey, President Donald Trump has been accused of re-living the events of his predecessor, Richard Nixon, who was impeached for firing a special prosecutor investigating the Watergate cover-up.
Six offshore workers were exposed to low levels of radiation when they removed a piece of pipework from a North Sea platform, it has emerged.
A man has been jailed for the manslaughter of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 40 migrants are feared drowned after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard has said.
The parents of bride Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are determined to get justice for their daughter.
England's first one-day international against Sri Lanka was abandoned without a ball bowled after a rain-affected draw at Bristol on Sunday.
As plans for a devolution deal between Sheffield and Nottinghamshire look set to be approved, BBC News looks at why some towns and villages in the East Midlands are against the idea.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton manager Karl Robinson was booed from the crowd following his side's 1-0 defeat at AFC Wimbledon on Saturday.
Hibernian booked their place in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals with a thumping win over Bonnyrigg Rose.
Scotland have called up South African-born centre Alex Jones for June's Tests against Japan in Edinburgh.
The Queen has sent her first ever Twitter message to mark her 90th birthday.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, says Nottinghamshire head coach Justin Read.
The wife of a Suffolk couple who set up a pirate state of their own off the Suffolk coast has died.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle with a rival group over trademark infringement.
The government is to introduce a times table check for 11-year-olds in England, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs.
US President Barack Obama has ordered a "full investigation" into an air strike in Afghanistan which killed 20 people when a hospital was hit by US air strikes on Saturday.
Crusaders have signed midfielder Mark McChrystal following his retirement from football from Northern Ireland international duty with the Northern Ireland Under-21 squad.
"When we were children, we used to play with the oil from the andiroba tree," said Dedel, a member of a small farming community in the Amazon region of northern Brazil.
Ulster Rugby has defended its players' decision not to wear poppies at Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker Jordan Johnson has signed a new contract with the National League club.
A massive video game burial site has been discovered in New Mexico, USA.
MSPs have voted to back plans to allow same-sex couples in Scotland to marry as a matter of conscience.
Whistleblowers have told the BBC how they say they helped to carry out a scam in India in which fraudsters tricked TalkTalk customers into handing over personal data.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by health inspectors for providing safe and effective care.
Scotland's economy has had a "lost decade" of growth under the SNP, according to the Scottish government.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed after cancer treatment has become the first in Scotland to have a baby using frozen ovarian tissue.
"Being on death row for 22 years was the greatest adventure of my life, and I survived it," says Nick Yarris, who was sentenced to die for raping and murdering a woman.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the Marseille Open quarter-finals.
MPs are back in the Commons on Tuesday for the second reading of the Brexit Bill, where they are expected to vote on whether to accept or reject the changes made by peers.
The head of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs to recruit an extra 300 new officers.
Swansea City manager Alan Curtis has spent his entire adult life at the club.
Liverpool midfielder Emre Can scored a stunning solo goal in the 2-0 Premier League victory over Watford at Vicarage Road on Saturday.
Children in Scotland who have a parent or sibling with type-1 diabetes are to be targeted with a drug to see if it could prevent the disease developing in childhood.
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a woman who was found stabbed to death at a house.
India's biggest online retail company, Flipkart, has raised a record-breaking $16bn (Â£10bn) in fresh funding from investors, as the country's e-commerce market continues to boom.
The High Court ruling that Parliament must vote on whether the UK should leave the European Union is "unacceptable", the government has said.
Greek police are investigating claims by the far-right Golden Dawn party that it was responsible for a recent attack on a left-wing MP.
Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut costs by £6m a year and make some of the "biggest changes" in the company's history.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media, saying it "does not reflect the support crew and the riders that I see around me".
A protest has been held in Liverpool against plans to set an "illegal budget" of £156m for the city council.
A school in West Yorkshire is to close its sixth form after the government decided not to provide post-16 education.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is not thinking about British and Irish Lions selection as he focuses on keeping his place in the national side for the autumn internationals.
A patch that is stitched onto the heart after a heart attack may help reduce the long-term damage caused by heart attacks, research suggests.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is not rushing into signing a new contract with midfielder Peter Whittingham.
The BBC Proms get under way at The Proms in London's West End on Saturday, with a line-up that could not be further from perfect.
US President Barack Obama has told his Irish counterpart Barack Obama he wants to visit Ireland before he leaves the White House, the Irish foreign minister has said.
Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba "likes the pressure", says team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who has more followers on Twitter than the midfielder.
A cancer patient from Northern Ireland who lost her hair after being diagnosed with cervical cancer has become part of a UK-wide trial of a new treatment.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must beat Slovenia if they are to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Early humans arrived in the Americas 130,000 years earlier than previously thought, according to a study published in the journal Nature.
Former England international Stuart Pearce is set to return to action for his new non-league club for the first time since his retirement from football.
The United Nations has warned US President Donald Trump that cuts to its peacekeeping budget would make it "impossible" for the organisation to carry out its work.
A man who died after being found unconscious in a car in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
England is lagging behind Finland when it comes to children's freedom to go out alone without supervision, according to a study.
Six police officers are being investigated over the severed fingers of a man who became trapped in a public toilet.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
More than £3.9bn in unpaid child maintenance in England and Wales is "uncollectable" and should be recovered, campaigners say.
Russell Brand has deleted the phone number and email of a Daily Mirror journalist.
Voters in Israel go to the polls on 8 March to elect a new government.
Aberdeen's deal with Lloyds Bank to wipe out all of the club's long-term bank debt means that Scottish football clubs now have no bank debt.
A prominent Chinese journalist who was jailed for leaking state secrets has had her jail term reduced to five years by an appeals court.
The number of mental health patients being moved out of Cornwall for treatment must be eliminated by 2020/21, a coroner has said.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the Reds is the "biggest challenge in world football".
The number of discarded plastic bottles washed up on UK beaches hit a record high last year, according to a survey.
Portsmouth defender Liam Whatmough has signed a new contract with the League Two club, with a view to a permanent deal.
Playwright James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign, which will be the "main occupying idea" in writers' heads for the next 10 years.
Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average audience of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures from the overnight ratings.
The Badger Trust is taking legal action against the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
West Bromwich West Bromwich Albion has been named as the best place in England to live in the UK for the first time since World War Two.
The owners of Brazil's Minas Gerais mine, Vale and BHP Billiton, have agreed a settlement with prosecutors over the collapse of a dam at the mine last May.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 planes that will allow passengers to store their luggage in overhead bins without the need for a catch.
South Africa wrapped up a four-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day international by beating the visitors by eight wickets.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice as part of the Yewtree inquiry.
Durham's Tom Steel hit a career-best 145 and Tom Latham hit his maiden first-class century to help his side to a big first-innings total against Sussex at Chester-le-Street.
Championship side Norwich City have signed Arsenal midfielder Alex Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and goalkeeper Danny Jones on loan from Portsmouth.
The pound and the UK's stock market have had a mixed reaction to the snap general election called by the Prime Minister.
Two police officers who gave evidence at the inquest into the shooting of a Londonderry man in 1992 should be reported to the Director of Public Prosecutions, a judge has ruled.
All nursery staff in England are to be trained in paediatric first aid following the death of a baby girl who choked to death at nursery.
More Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales than expected by the end of 2016, Home Office statistics show.
Andy Murray produced a stunning display of serve-volleying to beat Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon men's singles title.
An Edinburgh GP has admitted giving his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she told him she would end his marriage if he did not quit.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Emmanuel Ogogo has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury, but the League One club are not ruling him out of playing again.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey.
American Jordan Spieth will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) has said a large sinkhole which caused the collapse of several houses was likely to have been caused by water entering the ground.
England's spin bowlers will be in for a tough test when they begin their limited-overs series against India in Pune on Sunday, says former spinner Graeme Swann.
Hundreds of jobs at a careers advice service run by the Welsh Government are to be made voluntary redundancies, Unison has said.
Great Britain's mixed-team event team won a silver medal at the European Indoor Para-swimming Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a five-and-a-half-year deal.
Chancellor George Osborne is to hold his second Spending Review, setting the government's budget for the next four years.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor to play James Bond", according to former 007 actor Ian Fleming.
Kent all-rounder James Northeast took six wickets on his final appearance for the county before the final day of the County Championship match against Essex at Canterbury.
Quebec City's Muslim community is still in shock after a gunman killed six worshippers at a mosque on Friday.
About 3,000 ITV workers across the UK are to go on strike in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan head coach Dougie Mott says he hopes his team can show what they have got this season after a disappointing campaign last year.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said in a speech on Tuesday that England and Wales had the highest incarceration rate per head of the population in Western Europe.
A woman has been found guilty of using five children as "sexual playthings" and raping one of them.
The world’s oceans are in danger of going into a mass extinction event unless urgent action is taken, a UN-backed report says.
Why is George Osborne sitting smugly on his sofa with a £23bn windfall in his pocket?
Up to 200 workers at the Shotton steelworks in Flintshire could lose their jobs as part of plans to mothball part of the plant.
At least 55 greyhounds have been found dead in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down reports that Sunderland are interested in signing teenage defender Tony Docherty.
Paul Daniels was one of the world's most successful magicians.
The amount of compensation paid out to rail passengers affected by disruption has more than trebled in the past three years, figures show.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found stabbed to death while walking his dogs have said they want to trace three more men.
A prominent Australian politician has revealed he is taking leave from his post as a senator for six months to address depression.
Smokers will no longer be paid for taking a smoke break at work under plans approved by a West Yorkshire council.
A survivor of the attack on the Bataclan concert hall in Paris has described how she thought she and a friend were about to be killed.
England captain Charlotte Edwards' side were beaten by Australia by an innings and eight runs in the second Test at Headingley to leave the series level at 1-1.
Indonesian police have asked Australian police to investigate whether a woman who died after drinking cyanide-infused coffee in Indonesia had links to Australia.
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes Oliver Burke can "give Usain Bolt a run for his money" after he joined RB Leipzig for £13m.
The husband of a woman found stabbed to death in a flat has appeared in court charged with her murder.
Sri Lanka's media ministry has criticised a Buddhist monk who died after setting himself on fire while protesting against the slaughter of cattle.
Japanese company Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, in what it says will be a "vote of confidence" in the industry.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said it is up to a new generation to take the Scottish Labour Party forward, as the party prepares to elect a new leader.
Jurassic World, the new Jurassic Park sequel, has become the highest-grossing film of the year in the US and China.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on drug trafficking charges after allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine into the country in a pair of headphones, her family says.
Neymar scored his first goal of the season as Sevilla beat La Liga leaders Barcelona 2-1 at the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium.
Police are investigating a "targeted raid" on a scrapyard in North Lanarkshire.
Neil Patrick Harris may be one of the best-known presenters at this year's Oscars, but he was not the most memorable.
The UK's departure from the European Union (EU) means the country will no longer be a member of the World Trade Organization (WTO).
It is 50 years since the first Action Man toy was released in the UK.
A moon-shaped artwork has been unveiled in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol.
US researchers say they have found a way to make intricate, 3D-printed objects out of glass, using the fluid dynamics of its dribbling "thread".
Roger Federer beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets to win the Fed Cup final in front of a record crowd of 27,000 at the Stade Pierre-Mauroyto.
Motorists have been urged to take care on Scotland's roads after a number of accidents caused by freezing temperatures.
Blackpool missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places as they played out a goalless draw with Wycombe.
A man has been injured after shots were fired at a house in Newtownbutler, County Antrim.
Two two-year-old girls in the US state of South Carolina took their mother's car and drove it for five miles (8km) down a country road before crashing, police say.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with serious neck injuries in Edinburgh city centre.
The 70th anniversary of one of the worst air disasters in British history has been marked with a flypast over the Isle of Man.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has returned to court for the first time since 2006 to ask a question at oral arguments in a gun case.
Opponents of gay marriage in California have asked the US Supreme Court to overturn a lower court ruling that cleared the way for same-sex unions to be allowed in the state.
MSPs have accused the finance secretary of providing "seven minutes of waffle" about what information he would provide to Holyrood's finance committee.
Dougie Brown has stepped down as Warwickshire's director of cricket.
More than 100 people have taken part in the world's largest gravy wrestling competition.
Police investigating the murder of Kevin McGuigan Sr, a former IRA man who was shot dead at his home in west Belfast, have said speculation about a possible Provisional IRA motive is "potentially dangerous".
EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the BBC One soap to play his character Grant Mitchell, who is to be killed off by his mother, Peggy Mitchell.
Some police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A woman has been warned that a second bite from her dog would bring "devastation" after it bit a postman in Dumfries and Galloway.
"Vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
France has held a national memorial service for the 130 people killed in attacks in Paris on 13 November.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders after an MSP resigned from Holyrood to stand in the general election.
At least two people have been killed and nine injured in a train crash in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to fly around the world in virtual reality?
An Australian golfer has been left badly shaken after being bitten by a crocodile while playing at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course.
The mayor of the US city of Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday to reflect the city's "diverse workforce".
Scotland's commercial property market remained "relatively resilient" last year despite "political uncertainty", according to a new report.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has poked fun at Theresa May's "cunning plan" for leaving the EU by comparing it to the character Baldrick.
Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them will be a two-part sequel, Warner Bros has announced.
A US man has pleaded guilty to running the Silk Road 2.0 website, a successor to the notorious Silk Road.
A fox cub cub has been discovered at a veterinary surgery in Dundee after it was mistaken for a puppy.
Britain's Amir Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points decision over Japan's Shintaro Muranaka.
Italian playwright Dario Fo, one of the country's most celebrated satirists, has died aged 90.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after being told it could not film Prime Minister Theresa May's visit to Cornwall.
Two women found dead at a flat in Glasgow have been named by police as sisters-in-law.
Dave King's Rangers International Football Club plc consortium has been voted on to the Scottish Premiership club's board at an extraordinary general meeting in Edinburgh.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When Doctor Foster first aired in 2012, it was a "weird, sexy and thrilling" drama about a married couple who split up after the birth of their child.
Footballers from black and ethnic minority communities say they are being racially abused on and off the pitch at matches.
A primary school head who admitted voyeurism has been told by the school's acting head that more victims have come forward.
China has accused the US of "militarisation" of the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have attended Singapore's annual Pink Dot event, despite a religious backlash against the event.
Britain's economy has performed robustly in the face of dire warnings that a vote to leave the European Union would lead to a dark and chilly waters ahead.
Bumblebees thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
An e-fit has been released of a man suspected of biting a five-year-old girl at a parade in West Yorkshire.
Indonesian rescuers say they have rescued 469 Bangladeshi and Rohingya migrants who had been stranded at sea off the coast of Aceh province for a week.
A West Coast Railway Company (WR) has had its safety certificate revoked after a series of safety breaches.
It was billed as a "big Budget".
South Korean carmaker Kia has been named the world's most reliable car brand, according to a study of reliability.
One of the UK's youngest migrants, Safid, has told Newsround he will do whatever it takes to get to the UK.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to Northern Ireland's general election result.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada rose in 2015, according to new figures, with Jews the most targeted religious group.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi was killed in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in May last year.
Voters will go to the polls on 8 May to choose MPs to represent their constituencies.
British Airways chief executive Ian Walsh has said it would be "an advantage" for Northern Ireland to have a new air route development fund.
A man has died after a car crashed into a tree on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at Dundee University have developed tests that can measure the length of DNA strands in blood cells to help doctors predict the prognosis of blood cancers.
Campaigners have called for a redesign of a roundabout where a cyclist was killed in a collision with a lorry in east London.
A US judge has ruled the US women's national team will not go on strike in a long-running dispute over pay.
An American bulldog which was stuck in Belgium for two years after being seized from a zoo in Belgium has finally been allowed to travel to the UK.
Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Radio Ireland (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft chief executive Phil Spencer unveiled the latest Xbox at E3 in Los Angeles last year, he promised that the new Xbox One would be the world’s most powerful console.
A sex offender who threatened to burn down his home after a Facebook page about paedophiles was removed is to sue the social network for damages.
Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar for her performance in Hinterland in 2002, becoming the first black woman to win the award.
BBC Newsnight has been following the migrant crisis in Europe since the start of July, when the BBC's Panorama programme caught up with a British man caught up in the Calais migrant crisis.
A panel has been appointed to carry out an investigation into De La Salle College in Belfast.
Strictly Come Dancing winner Aliona Savchenko has announced she will not be returning for the next series of the BBC One show.
William Hague has said it will be "important" for international action at the UN Security Council to deal with the threat posed by Islamic State militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will not leave Napoli unless Arsenal meet the release clause in his contract, a Napoli source has told BBC Sport.
Iceland's parliament has voted to introduce an equal pay law, which would force companies of a certain size to implement equal-pay programmes.
Nigeria's government says only eight of the more than 200 schoolgirls abducted from a school in the north-eastern town of Chibok are still missing, contradicting local reports that at least 190 are missing.
A motorised trolley could be about to break the world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner has failed in a High Court bid to stop the publication of his details as part of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe will be reduced by up to 66% from 1 July, the government has announced.
A woman was raped after leaving the Henley Royal Regatta, organisers have confirmed.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers defender Jussi Jaaskelainen on a short-term deal.
Bilkis Bano was 19 when she was gang-raped and murdered during the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "not sure if you can play better with that break" after his side were held to a draw by Sunderland in the Premier League.
Sir Elton John has said he is "surprised" that the DUP's leader in Northern Ireland has not been told about HIV.
More than 1,000 EU nationals have not been registered to vote in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has confirmed.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he hopes to tie defender Bailey Wright to a new deal at Deepdale.
China has been accused by the US and Taiwan of deploying surface-to-air missiles on an uninhabited island in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has told Germans not to rely too much on US President Donald Trump for support, saying the times when they could rely on others are "on the way out".
Following the launch of menstrual leave - a day of unpaid leave for women who get their period - the BBC's economics editor Laura Kuenssberg said it was a "good idea" that women should be given the chance to take time off work.
A new levy on wages of up to £3m will be introduced to pay for apprenticeships, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two MPs have been awarded damages after a UKIP group leader accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenyans are returning to work despite opposition leader Raila Odinga's call for a general strike over the disputed presidential election result.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a common in Exeter.
It is that time of year when many of us look forward to getting back to the world of the airwaves and flying to see family and friends.
Greece's former caretaker Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in an explosion in Athens, Greek media report.
Police have appealed to parents in Newry, County Down, to check on their children after a number of youths were involved in a road rage incident.
Favourite Architecture won the Group One Epsom Derby at Epsom with a hard-fought victory over the odds-on favourite Architecture.
The lawyer for a man who was shot in the head while his son was in the back seat of a car being pursued by police has described the incident as "the most disturbing" he has ever seen.
Scientists in the US have implanted slugs with GPS trackers so they can track where they are and what they are doing.
Denmark will play England in the Women's Euro 2017 final after beating Austria on penalties after a goalless draw in the semi-final.
The fossilised remains of a young girl found in Mexico suggest that the earliest inhabitants of the Americas may have come from Siberia, according to scientists.
US President Donald Trump's response to revelations that he shared highly classified intelligence with Russian officials has been swift and unconvincing.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his players know they have seven games to go to avoid Premier League relegation from the Premier League.
Samples from the site of the alleged chemical weapons attack on the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun are being sent to labs around the world for analysis.
Smart glasses that let blind and partially sighted people see more clearly than ever before are being developed by researchers at Oxford University.
A Washington Post journalist who has been held in Iran for months without charge is due to go on trial in Tehran on espionage charges.
Two bee-eaters have become the first to breed in the UK for a second consecutive year at a quarry in West Yorkshire.
The return of sea otters to Monterey Bay in California may be helping to save ailing seagrass grasses from extinction, a study suggests.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law to allow assisted suicide in England and Wales.
A man who loaded drugs into a wheelie bin from the back of his car after buying them online has been jailed.
More than 1,000 infants who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965 have never been identified, the Irish justice minister has said.
Twenty years ago, Raith Rovers' Scottish Cup victory over Celtic at Hampden came as a surprise to no-one, but it was a moment that will live long in the memory.
Wales should make physical education a core subject on its school curriculum, according to a report backed by teaching unions.
The High Court is to hear a fresh appeal from the parents of terminally ill baby Charlie Gard over his right to have an experimental treatment.
Outdoor learning should be adopted as part of national school curricula in England and Wales, according to a report in the British Medical Journal.
Lancashire captain Steve Chapple has been named as assistant coach to national team boss Peter Moores, who has stepped down as head coach.
England batsman Alex Hales has refunded a £4.10 to a cricket fan who sent him money after seeing him score a century in the second Test against South Africa at Lord's.
The family of a teenager who died after falling into the River Avon in Bath is to erect a memorial to other young men who have drowned in the river.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been billed by some as "The Group of Death" - but it has been anything but.
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped on a bus in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been quoted as saying he wants the name of his daughter to be revealed.
The US has become the first country in the world to legalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
The RSPB has delayed the opening of two new nature reserves in Oxfordshire after flooding damaged one of them.
Police have appealed for information after a number of nests were found dead in a national forest in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Craft brewer Brains Brewery has announced plans to open a chain of coffee shops in the UK.
Manchester City have signed centre-back Nicolas Otamendi from Deportivo La Coruna for an undisclosed fee.
A man who killed a scooter rider with a single punch after urinating on his leg has been jailed for six years.
It's that time of the week again.
Oil prices have fallen sharply after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand was likely to have peaked in the third quarter, although consumption was still healthy.
Wales manager Chris Coleman's "burning desire" to win the 2018 World Cup is why he signed a new contract, Football Association of Wales chief executive Martyn Roberts says.
A new study has suggested that the world's over 60s are the best and worst off in the world.
Burton Albion have agreed a deal in principle with Burton Albion to sign Ipswich Town midfielder Luke Murphy on loan for the rest of the season.
Oscar-winning actor Michael B Jordan has confirmed he will star in the upcoming Black Panther film alongside Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car while crossing a bridge in North Ayrshire.
Four men have been remanded in custody charged with conspiring to import drugs into Northern Ireland with a street value of 167kg of cannabis.
A man who murdered a pensioner at a flat in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years.
The father of a reservist who died on an SAS selection march has told an inquest he did not think his son's selection process had failed.
Shaker Aamer al-Aamer has finally been released from Guantanamo Bay.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his team were "frightened and scared" in their Champions League play-off defeat by Malmo.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered some of the morning's losses, but shares in savings company Halifax fell sharply after it reported a sharp fall in half-year profits.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan after he died at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Liam Shankland scored a late winner as Dundee United came from behind to beat East Fife in Scottish League One.
Northern Ireland footballer Michael McCourt has revealed how his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour when she had a seizure on a bus on the way to Gatwick Airport.
Growth in the UK's dominant service sector slowed in February, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged with conspiring to rig the Libor inter-bank lending rate.
Chelsea Ladies will take a slender lead into the second leg of their Women's Continental Cup semi-final against Glasgow City after a 1-0 first-leg win at Stamford Bridge.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) says it is "confident" it will pay coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership hopeful Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would break away from the party's past policies under a future Labour government led by Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken to the president of Taiwan for the first time, the White House has confirmed.
Harvard University in the US is to change the job titles of some of its house masters, after students claimed the word "master" had links to slavery.
Portugal beat Australia 1-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup in Russia, while Germany beat Cameroon 2-1 to finish top of Group B.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have cleared the last of the drug addicts living in a shantytown known as "Crackland" after a major police operation.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness is to visit the site of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One later.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he has learned a "massive lesson" from his first season in charge of the Premier League champions.
Cheltenham Gold Cup-winning horse Many Clouds died from a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage", the British Horseracing Authority has confirmed.
The January transfer window is about to open in England, Scotland, Wales and Wales.
The government's plan to recruit 30,000 Army reservists by 2019 has failed to meet its target, leaving the armed forces "in disarray", a former commander has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he did not think his team were "ready, unbeatable" for the start of the season.
Fabio Capello's future as head coach of Russia's national team is in doubt because of the team's poor form at Euro 2016, a senior Russian official has said.
Malta is breaking EU bird protection laws by allowing hunters to shoot turtle doves and quail during the spring migration, a British conservationist has warned.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after a suspected hit-and-run crash in the West Midlands.
Up to 70 jobs could be lost at a North Lanarkshire audio plant under plans to make 70 people redundant.
Stoke missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Premier League as West Brom sealed all three points with a late goal from Jonny Evans at The Hawthorns.
Oxford city centre could be pedestrianised under plans being considered by Oxfordshire County Council.
Fast-food giant McDonald's is being accused of abusing its dominant position in the fast-food market by charging excessive fees to franchisees.
Former Aston Villa defender Sid Cowans has retired from football.
Theresa May's response to the London Bridge and Borough Market terror attacks shows she has learned a valuable lesson from Tony Blair's experience of dealing with the threat of terrorism.
Swansea City will stay in the Premier League after Hull City were relegated from the top flight following a 4-0 defeat at Crystal Palace.
The administrators of Bradford Bulls say they will not be able to complete a deal to sell the Super League club over the weekend.
Human remains found in a field in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thorbjorn Bjork will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced he will pull the US out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, saying it is a "disappointing" decision.
A woman who baked a life-size Jennifer Lawrence cake has become the first British baker to win an international baking award.
Amnesty International has accused the EU of "sugar-coating" a deal to return migrants to Turkey with promises of respect for international law.
More than £100,000 has been paid out in compensation to former pupils who were involved in a sectarian protest in north Belfast.
Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published for the first time in Germany, 70 years after it was first published.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms.
First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros ar ei chabinet newydd.
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Corinthians has been called off after the Brazilian club said the transfer was "impossible".
French singer Bertrand Cantat, who was jailed for murdering an actress in Lithuania in 2003, has returned to the French music scene.
Mae'r tabl y Tour de France wedi dau gymal yn ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, a diolchodd i'w gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after a man was found dead in a flat in Dundee city centre.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The UCI has opened an investigation into claims of racism during the Volta a Catalunya.
University students are being offered so-called "smart drugs" to boost their grades in exams, the government's medicines watchdog has warned.
European Union foreign ministers have agreed to start planning for an EU operation to stabilise the Central African Republic (CAR), after talks in Brussels.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United and Dundee City striker Jordan Clarkson on loan for the rest of the season.
Atletico Madrid moved level on points with La Liga leaders Real Madrid after coming from behind to beat 10-man Valencia at the Vicente Calderon.
The Wales women's football team has arrived in France ahead of the Euro 2016 finals.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday will be streamed live on Facebook.
The approval of the new constitution by more than two-thirds of voters in Egypt's referendum has sparked debate in the Egyptian press, with many commentators expressing concern about the country's future.
At least 49 people died when a passenger plane crashed into the sea off Myanmar's northern coast, officials say.
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime", the Medicines and Healthcare products regulator has said.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to "listen up" by an Armagh UUP MEP, while Donald Trump's Lego bricks and a bid to raise money for a hospital baby unit are just some of the stories featured in Tuesday's papers.
Hogmanay is one of Scotland's biggest celebrations, celebrating the arrival of the new year.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in Kent.
A group of grizzly bears have been captured on camera at a safari park in Florida, USA, after being caught on camera eating a piece of plastic.
Scotland's Inventory of Historic Battlefields is seeking to establish the location of a major Roman battle which is believed to be linked to the disappearance of a Roman legion.
Derry manager Joey Barton says he was "shocked" by the "horrific incident" in which Tyrone midfielder Brendan Rogers was knocked unconscious in the McKenna Cup final.
Flood warnings are in place across much of England after heavy rain caused widespread disruption across the country on Wednesday.
Snoop Dogg should be "really careful" about his latest video, a presidential candidate has said.
The world's first floating offshore wind farm has begun moving into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" as he attempts to become the first player to win four consecutive PGA Tour titles at the BMW PGA Championship.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, as it marks the end of its print edition.
Russia's economic growth is set to slow sharply next year, according to official figures, as the rouble continues to weaken and Western sanctions continue to bite.
The minimum jail term for anyone convicted of murdering a police officer in England and Wales should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
Campaigners on both sides of the EU referendum say they are targeting key Labour-supporting areas of Wales during the next week as they try to win over undecided voters.
A man has been jailed for life for carrying out an armed robbery at a post office in Dundee.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed in the face in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of the squad for the Rio Olympics because of a hamstring injury.
The aircraft carrier HMS Ocean will be withdrawn from service in 2011, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced.
The EY Item Club has cut its growth forecasts for the UK economy because of the vote to leave the European Union.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielders Jack Mason and Tom Houghton on loan for the rest of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has vowed Labour would be "on the side of the innovators, entrepreneurs and investors" if he wins the general election.
A judge has cleared former Garda Commissioner (Irish police) Michael Callinan and former justice minister (Irish justice minister) Alan Shatter of any wrong-doing.
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has more than doubled in a year, a Home Office report has found.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is "frustrated" by Wales' failure to reach the 2011 World Cup final as they begin their Six Nations campaign against Ireland in Dublin on Saturday.
"Monty McIlroy, putt!"
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against John Terry's red card in the FA Cup third-round defeat by Peterborough.
A man has suffered multiple serious injuries after a lorry crashed into a tree on the M1 in Stoke-on-Trent.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to trim the size of his squad next season.
The makers of the Angry Birds app have been urged to add safety measures before its release in the UK, after concerns were raised about its use by a children's charity.
A man has been found guilty of a hit-and-run in which a man was dragged under his car while his ex-partner stored a stolen TV at his flat.
Accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) has claimed Scottish students from outside the European Union provide a net economic benefit to Scotland.
Donegal Harps earned their first ever Premier Division win over Derry City as they beat the Candystripes 2-1 at Finn Park.
An extra 130,000 new secondary school places will be needed in England by September 2017, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
A new road to ease congestion in Cardiff Bay is expected to open later.
In the middle of the afternoon, a group of young men and women gathered on the streets of Cairo's Shubra al-Khayma district, waving Egyptian flags and shouting "Egyptians for freedom".
Vicky McClure has revealed she was thrown off a tram after being mistaken for a passenger when it was named after her.
The mother and sister of a man who stalked Lily Allen for years have said they are "sorry" for what she and her family have had to endure.
East Sussex's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has rejected calls to bring West Sussex's fire service under her authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest Â£1.5m in its factory in a bid to boost production at its Kirkcudbright plant.
A man has been stabbed in the chest during a fight at a gig at the SSE Arena in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and the Football Association of Serbia after scuffles between players and fans at the Uefa European Under-21 Championship play-off match in Krusevac on Tuesday.
Johnny Depp's management team are suing the actor over claims he failed to live within his means.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been named as the county's new assistant head coach.
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said he hopes his time in office will be "clear" when he steps down.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central to the debate" on the future of the UK.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City midfielder Jordan Houghton on loan for the rest of the season.
Tom Quigley scored a stunning late winner as Scottish League Cup holders The New Saints eased into the quarter-finals with victory over Livingston.
Council tax in Surrey could rise by 15% in 2017-18 because of a "huge gap" in the government's funding, senior councillors have said.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to lift a ban on Somali-owned firms from sending money home to Somalia.
Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated from League Two after a 2-1 defeat by Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone rose to a record high in January, official figures from the EU's statistics agency have shown.
A Russian aircraft carrier was forced to leave the area of a Dutch submarine after two anti-submarine ships tracked it for more than an hour, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie rather than Rangers' managerial vacancy.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the second time in a row, having won the title in 2011 and 2014.
One Direction's new single Drag Me Down has gone straight to the top of the UK Singles Chart.
Up to 20,000 displaced Syrians have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey as government forces continue their offensive against rebels in northern Syria, the UN says.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash near the capital, Mexico City.
Voting has begun in Kenya's presidential and parliamentary elections, which are being held for the first time since the disputed vote in 2007.
Linfield will host Celtic in Belfast in the first leg of their Champions League second round qualifier on Sunday, 11/12 July.
Bristol Airport is to close its runway for several weekends in November as engineers carry out a major refurbishment of the runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest.
Carmen Beckford, the first black woman to be appointed an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours, has died aged 94.
Championship side Derby County have signed Hull City midfielder David Davies for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity-led book clubs - where well-known names recommend books to their followers online and share them with their followers in real life - is gaining momentum.
Former Ireland rugby player David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia centre Nic White and Jersey back row Nic Freeman.
Burundi, also known as Urundi, is one of Africa's most densely-populated countries.
Families affected by the scandal at a Denbighshire hospital have been "hugely impressed" by the way they have acted, the health minister has said.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Scotland manager Gordon Strachan remains in charge of the national team.
Up to 1,000 members of the RMT union on Merseyrail have gone on strike in a row over pay and conditions.
More than 2,000 people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by Afghan singer-songwriter Gulbuddin Sayeed, despite death threats.
A driver pulled over on the M1 in Northamptonshire after a police officer spotted a woman driving the wrong way on the carriageway and tried to stop her.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game-changer" for Britain's cultural life and helped boost tourism to the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Tom Raggett scored the only goal of the game as Dover moved off the bottom of the National League with victory over Welling United.
(Close): US markets closed lower on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500 down 0.2%, while the Nasdaq also slipped.
More than 1,000 potholes are to be filled in across Northumberland with the help of pothole-filling machines.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in north London.
Police in northern Italy are searching for a man suspected of firing a rifle at a group of nudists at a popular beach.
China's Prime Minister Li Keqiang has called on women to stop shaving their armpits.
A British climber who was attempting to become the first person to climb Mount Everest without oxygen has ended his expedition because of health concerns.
Tens of thousands of Egyptians have protested in Cairo and Alexandria against the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Sports Direct has said it will not hedge against the value of the pound against the dollar because of "extreme movements overnight" in the pound.
Ed Sheeran has taken to the track for the first time in his driving licence, while filming an episode of Top Gear.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox Business Network as a political commentator.
One in seven people in Wales is waiting for treatment for surgery and there is no sign of this improving, surgeons have warned.
A former member of staff at a Cardiff mosque sexually abused young girls, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Wuhan Open in China for the first time with a straight-set victory in the quarter-finals.
Zheng He, one of China's most famous seafarers, is set to be remembered again as a national hero.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says he would like to see flanker Oliver Griffiths called up to the British and Irish Lions squad.
Formula 1 venue Silverstone is to end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after the 2019 race.
The desk and chair used by author Charles Dickens when he wrote his final novel has been saved from auction after a grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended the assembly that will draft a new constitution after complaints that it was unconstitutional and gave Islamists too much power.
Footballers will not be allowed to wear undergarments which show political, religious or religious slogans under a new law proposed by world governing body Fifa.
If you want to be a fast bowler, what do you do?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple over alleged tax avoidance.
Goalkeeper Giselle Ansley and midfielders Maddie Hinch and Shona McCallin have been named in the Great Britain women's squad for the Rio Olympics.
More than £36m is to be spent on housing and town centre regeneration in north Wales, the Welsh government has announced.
MPs have launched a new online platform for people to submit e-petitions for debate in Parliament.
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial figures in the history of science.
A hospital trust in Cornwall has declared a "black alert" for the rest of the county because of a shortage of beds.
Great Britain will play New Zealand in the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup after a hard-fought draw with Japan at Twickenham.
Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will call a general election on 8 June has surprised few in the European Union.
A man and his wife have pleaded guilty at Belfast Crown Court to the rape and assault of a woman who they kept as a prisoner at Maghaberry Prison.
The Scottish government has announced a £12.5m fund to help people made redundant by the downturn in the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Welsh Cycling has been given the go-ahead to build a new cycle park in Pembrokeshire.
A man armed with a gun threatened a security guard with a weapon before stealing a cash box from a van outside a supermarket in West Lothian.
Celtic Energy will not be responsible for paying restoration costs of two abandoned mines in north Wales, the chief executive of the company has said.
Mae adeiladau tân bellach wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr aros yno dros nos ac fe fydd ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn.
Former Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was left to rue "incredible defensive mistakes" as his return to Chelsea ended in defeat on his first game back at Stamford Bridge.
When Channel 4's hit show Skins came to an end in 2010, it was hailed as one of the most successful teen dramas ever seen on British TV.
Police Scotland's most senior officer has told MSPs it was "entirely appropriate" for officers to be armed with guns to deal with a knife attack in Edinburgh.
The Japanese government has become the first G20 country to borrow money at a negative interest rate of less than 0.4%.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with raping a teenage girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle's first feature as a director will open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival.
A rare female osprey has laid her first egg of the year at a Scottish nature reserve.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has told the BBC that Britain would have "zero influence" if it were to leave the EU.
Global energy consumption grew by 0.9% in 2014, according to a BP report, with China's growth slowing to "unusually weak" levels.
A national standard for cremations and burials could be introduced after an inquiry into a Shrewsbury crematorium's failure to return ashes to bereaved families.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says England assistant coach Richard Cockerill.
Moldova votes for a new president on Sunday, with a left-wing candidate promising to tackle corruption and reform the country's troubled economy.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says it is time for him to "move on" from Cumbria County.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach to Traeth Morfa Bychan in an attempt to protect indigenous Welsh names.
A British backpacker who has been missing in Thailand since February has contacted her family to say she wants to return home.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over immigration.
The head of Queen's University Belfast has called for "critical decisions" to be made about the future of higher education in Northern Ireland.
Dog walkers in Gosport will be fined if they take more than four charges for taking more than one dog out for a walk.
Victims of the Kincora Boys' Home abuse scandal are taking legal action against the British government.
Two British tourists who were missing in Nepal since the devastating earthquake on 7 April have been found safe and well, their families have said.
Wales men's and women's hockey coach Colin Clements says he is delighted his team have reached the top tier of international hockey.
Donegal will play Monaghan in the Ulster SFC semi-final after two goals from Oisin MacNiallais helped them to a 2-14 to 0-11 win over Fermanagh at Croke Park.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says he will not send striker Matt Martin back to Derby County.
Ugandan authorities have shut down the Mubende gold mine in the north-east of the country, forcing thousands of people to leave their homes in search of gold.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to return the national finances to a surplus by 2020.
Fifa's annual congress begins in Zurich on Friday with a vote to replace Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body.
Four men have been jailed after a university lecturer was repeatedly punched in the face during a burglary at his home.
Leeds Rhinos will play Hull FC in the Million Pound Game semi-final at Headingley on Saturday.
More than 1,500 taxi drivers with criminal convictions have been granted licences to drive in Scotland, according to new figures.
John Cleese's Alimony Tour has opened to mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a lecture tour more than a comedy tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed on-loan Cardiff City striker Ruben Macheda on loan for an undisclosed fee.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC's Ahmed Rashid looks at how the people smuggling business works.
A Scottish woman has captured a stunning display of the Aurora Borealis - or Northern Lights - over Scrabster Harbour.
A former Sussex Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) who stole money from passengers at Gatwick Airport has been jailed for six years.
More than 2,000 runners have taken part in Hong Kong's first ultramarathon, despite criticism of the "boring" course.
Up to 50 jobs are to be lost at a Carmarthenshire warehouse as part of a management buyout.
In South Africa, e-learning is still a relatively new phenomenon, but as the country's economy picks up steam, a shift towards digital learning is gaining momentum.
A Perthshire woman has pleaded guilty to stealing more than Â£1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): US shares closed at record levels on Friday after a strong jobs report indicated the US economy remained on track for an interest rate rise later this year.
How many nurses and midwives do we have in England?
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have described the closure of the store as "horrific".
Mobile phone network Three has become the first in the UK to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling outside the European Union.
Police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand say they have made no progress in their search for suspects.
Boris Johnson has said it is "up to someone else" to lead the UK out of the European Union.
A UK-based charity has set up a virtual doctor service to provide free medical care to people thousands of miles away.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and then stabbed in a suspected attempted murder in Manchester have paid tribute to a "committed and caring son".
David Thirlwell says he had no idea what he wanted to do with his life until he got a job at a French hi-tech firm.
The US has carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden's body after he was shot dead by US forces in May 2011.
(Close): The FTSE 100 rose to a fresh record high, boosted by strong results from mining companies and airline Ryanair, which became the first airline to carry 10 million passengers in a month.
The former leader of the Irish Republican Army, Thomas 'Slab' Murphy, has appeared in court in Dublin charged with tax evasion.
Hundreds of thousands of small businesses in England and Wales will be exempt from paying business rates under government plans announced in the Budget.
Scarlets winger Ken Cuthbert will be "lucky" to make Wales' World Cup squad, according to ex-Wales captain Martyn James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League champions.
Forensic experts from Canada are helping police trace the last known movements of a schoolgirl who was murdered 21 years ago.
National League side Aldershot Town have signed Ipswich Town midfielder Liam McGinty on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
British gymnast Vicky Bevan has broken both of his legs in a fall at the London Gymnastics Arena.
Tensions are high in Jerusalem and the West Bank after days of clashes between Israeli troops and Palestinians over new security measures at a holy site.
Booking.com, the world's largest online travel company, has been ordered to pay French tax authorities €356m (Â£294m; $404m) as part of an investigation into possible tax evasion.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has accused London's transport authority of not considering the interests of the public.
Australia's Cadel Evans produced a stunning individual time-trial to win stage 20 of the Tour de France and take the race leader's yellow jersey.
At least 20 children have been detained by the Nigerian army as part of its counter-insurgency operations against Boko Haram militants, the UN says.
Great Britain's Katie Murray recovered from a poor start to reach the women's individual foil final at the British Championships.
US carmaker Hyundai Motor has offered to extend all auto loan and lease payments to federal workers affected by the government shutdown.
Taylor Swift should "do the right thing and change her photo policy" after being accused of "giving her music away for free", a photographer has said.
A father who won a court case against a council for taking his daughter on holiday during term time has launched a crowdfunding appeal to pay for legal fees.
A Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court on Thursday.
For many countries, the Olympics and Paralympics are a distant distant memory.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation (PFNI) and Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott for failing to hold police officers to account.
Councils across Scotland have cut school crossing patrol services, according to new figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Japan's Nikkei share index fell to its lowest level since November after the yen strengthened against the US dollar following the US Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has formally announced a freeze on public transport fares across the capital's transport network from 2020.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has admitted his campaign for Scottish independence was "flawed" over currency during the 2014 referendum.
A rare piece of light opal discovered in South Australia more than 70 years ago has gone on public display.
Human bones have been found on an uninhabited mudbank off the Kent coast, believed to be those of prisoners of war who died in the Napoleonic wars.
BBC News Day 2011 marks the fifth anniversary of the first News Day, when we brought you some of the year's most eye-catching stories from the nation's young journalists.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "breaking a constitutional principle" by publicly backing Jeremy Corbyn's opposition to Trident renewal.
British Vogue has named Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief.
A machine that can tell you if a Thai dish is good or bad is being developed by the government of Thailand.
The use of smacking children should be banned in Scotland and the rest of the UK, according to a new report.
Worcester Warriors head coach Martyn Paver says he had doubts about the fitness and form of Redruth's Jack Chapman before he impressed in the British and Irish Cup.
Newcastle moved off the bottom of the Championship with a hard-fought victory over Aston Villa at St James' Park.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers to succeed him as Celtic manager.
The partner of a transgender woman who died in prison has criticised the Prison Service for not recognising her distress after she wrote a letter saying she was going to kill herself.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns.
The new Ghostbusters film has received a warm welcome from critics, despite a "mean-spirited" reaction to its trailer.
A woman who died after a two-car crash in East Lothian has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay a stamp duty surcharge from 2016, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Part of the M90 in Dumfries and Galloway has reopened after a fire broke out on the carriageway.
A project to build a museum in a disused quarry has been awarded a Â£1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
A Celtic football club has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant in the Isle of Man.
Stoke City made it back-to-back Premier League wins for the first time under new signing Xherdan Imbula with a comfortable victory over Bournemouth.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a man who later killed himself has criticised the way police investigated the case.
Oldham have become the first League One side to offer free entry to fans visiting their ground for a league game when they host Oldham Athletic on Saturday.
Police in the Indian city of Bangalore say they have detained a French diplomat after a complaint that he sexually abused a French child.
Laura Trott won the women's scratch title at the Para-cycling World Championships in the British Virgin Islands.
A man charged with attempting to murder a police officer in County Tyrone has told a court he is "totally innocent" of all charges.
The US says it has carried out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter over Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, suggesting that the world's second largest economy is showing signs of a recovery, according to analysts.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer with 27,938 points.
A convicted murderer accused of raping two teenage girls has told a court the claims were "made up".
The story of the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich, the head of Nazi Germany's secret police during World War Two, has been made into a film.
A chronology of key events:
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted they took the prescription drug Stilnox.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren has taken place at St Mary's Cathedral in Manchester.
Fiji, an archipelago of volcanic islands in the South Pacific, is one of the world's last remaining former British colonies.
The Scottish government has been accused of "bungling" over a £10bn investment deal with a Chinese consortium after concerns were raised about the company's human rights record.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in Conwy county.
Scotland has not the competence to join the European Free Trade Association (EFTA), Norway's trade minister has said.
Three opposition activists in Russia have gone on hunger strike over a decision not to allow them to take part in regional elections.
Somerset's bowlers made a winning start to the new pink ball against Hampshire at Taunton.
South Africa is considering removing Christmas Day from the national public holiday calendar in a bid to increase the number of paid religious holidays.
Three men have been reported to prosecutors after a nativity doll was stolen from a church's display in Dundee.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost power to the main opposition APC in state and local government elections.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Anfield and Stanley Park in Liverpool.
Carlos Tevez has completed his move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG from Manchester United.
Naturist Stephen Gough has been given a community payback order after being found guilty of outraging public decency.
Two of Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) main benefactors have pledged to support the appeal to restore its fire-ravaged Mackintosh building.
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the season as Wolves began their Championship season with victory over Middlesbrough.
Bristol head coach Andy Robinson has been suspended by the Premiership club following a "disappointing" start to the season.
Munster wedi ei gêm ymlaen i'r Scarlets yng Nghymru, yn ôl ym mis Chwefror pan enillodd y Scarlets o 30-21.
It's often said that "cloud computing" - the idea that computers can be seen floating in mid-air above the clouds - sounds like something out of science fiction.
The collapse of the Icelandic banking system and the subsequent collapse of Cypriot banks in the aftermath of the global financial crisis of 2008 has had a profound impact on both countries.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being so welcoming to him and his wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, during a visit to the island.
Three journalists have been killed in Mexico in recent weeks.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut, has reported a rise in profits, helped by a recovery in its Chinese business.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been announced.
President Donald Trump's healthcare bill has been withdrawn after a last-ditch attempt to pass it in the US House of Representatives was called off.
It's a boy, a girl, a boy and a girl.
An investigation is under way after a poster urging people who survived the Grenfell Tower fire not to charge for insurance claims to come forward was distributed by the law firm Leigh Day.
Violence at Bristol Prison has "remained considerably higher than in similar prisons", an inspection has found.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued for allegedly misleading visitors into paying an admission fee of $25 (Â£18.50) instead of free admission.
Hillary Clinton has dismissed Bernie Sanders' claim that she is not a "progressive" candidate after he accused her of not being liberal enough.
Alloa Athletic have appointed Craig Ross as their new manager after agreeing a contract with the Scottish Championship club.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" if he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says young defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top Premier League player.
Plans to build a gravel quarry on ancient woodland in Lincolnshire would be the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England", a conservation charity has said.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in the annual National Games of Wales bog snorkelling competition in Conwy county.
Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas.
Scotland's first minister has said she does not think there will be an independence referendum this year.
A Liverpool fan has told the Hillsborough inquests a police officer asked him to change his first statement to make him look "more truthful", the court has heard.
The chairman of Avon and Somerset's fire authority is being investigated over "serious and persistent" complaints about the conduct of senior officers.
London's FTSE 100 rose slightly on Friday, while other European markets also managed to recover some of the week's losses after volatile trading in China's stock markets.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge will be operational and open to all traffic on completion of urgent repair work to fix a structural fault, the transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital in Southend after a £7.8m overspend.
More than 1,000 packets of cigarettes have been found in the back of a car in Dorset.
Comedian Jenny Toksvig has said she would be a fan of more female presenters on quiz shows, despite the BBC banning all-male panel shows.
Safety concerns have been raised over a new model of helicopter involved in a fatal crash in Norway which killed six people in April.
Scottish Borders Council has said it is "encouraged" by a rise in the number of people visiting town centres in the region.
Victims of domestic violence have criticised plans to offer one-to-one therapy sessions to violent partners, saying they should be held accountable for their actions.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles is in line-up to replace injured Hallam Amos in Wales' back-three after he was ruled out of the Six Nations with injury.
Former heavyweight world champion Lennox Lewis says Wladimir Klitschko has a "chink in his armour" ahead of his world title rematch with Anthony Joshua.
Blackpool Football Club is taking legal action against a fans' forum over alleged defamatory comments made by the club's owners.
A man who died in a car crash in East Sussex has been named by police.
Derry produced a superb display in extra-time to beat Mayo 1-18 to 1-16 in the All-Ireland SFC semi-final at Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for his "courage" in playing through injury.
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbike title as he finished second to Chaz Davies in the second race of the season at Aragon.
More than a quarter of independent school pupils in England and Wales received extra time to complete GCSE and A-level exams last year, figures show.
South Sydney Rabbitohs forward Joe Burgess has trained with the New York Giants ahead of a possible move to the National Football League.
Stevenage missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places as they were beaten at home by leaders Doncaster.
Nepal is one of the world's most densely-populated countries, but many of its citizens are struggling to acquire citizenship because of a lack of legal identification.
Castleford missed the chance to move level on points with Super League leaders Hull FC as they were beaten at home by St Helens.
Manchester United's season may be over but West Ham's return to the Boleyn Ground was a far cry from a triumphant send-off as the Hammers fought out a hard-fought 3-2 defeat at Upton Park.
Germany will host the opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France, organisers have announced.
A mental health watchdog has called on NHS Lothian to take urgent action after it found "very poor" care at an Edinburgh hospital.
A suspected brothel ring which allegedly trafficked women into the UK to work as prostitutes has been dismantled.
A lawyer for former Guatemalan military ruler Efrain Rios Montt has been shot dead in a drive-by shooting, officials say.
Oscar-winning Oscar-winning film producer John Chartoff, who produced Rocky and Rocky 2, has died aged 74.
Thousands of England football fans have gathered in London to mark the 50th anniversary of the 1966 World Cup final against West Germany.
London's mayor has launched a dedicated unit to tackle online hate crime in the capital.
How do you use a virtual private network (VPN) to keep yourself and others safe online?
Shares in Danish brewer Carlsberg have fallen sharply after it reported a sharp drop in sales in Ukraine, saying it expects a "challenging" year ahead.
The mother of missing toddler Ben Needham has urged anyone with information about her son to come forward, as police return to the Greek island of Kos.
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff are to take part in a series of strikes in a dispute over jobs and pensions.
Cambridge missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Carlisle.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
Campaigners are taking legal action against the new owners of Thanet's Manston Airport after the government announced plans to buy the site ahead of the general election.
In a small, dusty hospital in the centre of Bambari in the Central African Republic (CAR) lies a bed with the body of Jeanette Gerizapa lying on top of it.
Former WBA and IBF super-middleweight champion Carl Froch says he wants to return to boxing in December.
MPs have debated the future of the West End in the House of Commons, with Colchester MP David Quince leading the charge for regional theatres.
A tropical storm has formed over the Atlantic Ocean, one of the earliest to form in the Atlantic Basin since records began.
The Queen has pledged to bring forward a "strong and lasting devolution settlement" for Wales "as early as possible" in her Queen's Speech.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
Four people accused of being part of a £5m drug-smuggling gang were caught with heroin hidden in a speaker in a car, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food, according to a survey.
More than 50 unaccompanied asylum-seeking children have been taken into care outside of Kent due to a rise in the number of looked-after children in its care.
England's top players deserve to be regarded as "role model status" after signing a new contract worth up to £200,000 a year, says Rugby Players' Association chief executive Martyn Hopley.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight out of 14 counts of money laundering after being convicted of growing cannabis.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a giant copperhead snake that escaped from a Florida home.
Glenavon have been given a three-match ban by the Football Association's Disciplinary Committee for the 1-0 defeat by Glentoran on Boxing Day.
Two men who died when a light aircraft crashed into a field have been named by police.
Kent's first-innings score of 146 all out against Northamptonshire in Division Two of the County Championship was the lowest of the season for any Division Two side.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading "false news" has begun in Egypt, with prosecutors playing a series of video clips.
The UK's highest court is due to rule on whether a couple can sue the government over claims they were tortured by MI6 under the so-called extraordinary rendition programme.
A woman from New Zealand is still waiting to find out if she will be allowed to travel to New Zealand to attend the funeral of her late grandfather.
A man has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act after being found not guilty of attempting to murder a Muslim man on a train.
The A890 Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross is expected to be closed for at least 12 hours after a large landslide following heavy rain in the Highlands.
Up to 27 jobs could be lost at the BBC in Wales under plans to cut the number of in-house production staff at BBC Studios.
Comedian Paddy Dodd has topped the UK singles chart for five weeks in the 1960s, beating The Beatles' She Loves You to number one.
David Hutchinson has been airlifted to hospital after a crash in the opening Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT.
Liz Warsi used to be one of the most powerful women in the Conservative Party.
Novak Djokovic and Novak Kuznetsov were knocked out of the men's doubles at the Olympic Games in the quarter-finals in Rio.
An ex-CIA station chief convicted of kidnapping a suspected terror suspect in Italy has been arrested in Panama and will be extradited to the US.
Jamie Milkins says he felt "under a lot of pressure" after ending his five-match losing run at the UK Championship with a first-round victory at Alexandra Palace.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are carrying out searches in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of boxer Gerard Byrne.
A new artificial pitch has been unveiled ahead of the Champions League final in Cardiff.
The Newport Ship is to be moved from its current home in Maeglas, Newport, to a new site after its current lease was extended.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged with assaulting a reporter at a rally.
Two people have been fined £60,000 after a man was killed when two coal pallet stacks fell on top of him at a fuel depot.
Hundreds of landlords in Southampton are refusing to apply for a licence to let their homes to more than three unrelated people, it has been claimed.
Pepper, the popular Japanese humanoid robot, is to be deployed in hospitals in Belgium, where it will help visitors find the correct department.
More than 1,000 patients a year die in hospitals and care homes in England and Wales from hunger and dehydration.
The brother of a man killed in the Bloody Sunday massacre has criticised plans for a march by former soldiers in Londonderry.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country.
Ivory Coast Football Federation (NFF) vice-president Babatunde Keshi has been summoned to appear at a disciplinary hearing over "uncomplicated" comments he made on social media.
Human bones have been found near a house in East Lothian where the body of missing Edinburgh woman Karen Tiffney is thought to have been dumped.
Oldham manager Karl Robinson says he hopes the transfer embargo on Oldham Athletic will be lifted next week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house after colliding with a lorry and taxi.
Mohamed Elyounoussi scored twice as Northern Ireland were thrashed by Norway in a friendly at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during a visit to Moscow.
A man who was shot dead at a pool party in Surrey has been named by police as 28-year-old James Hunter.
David Cameron has said he has secured a "historic" deal with EU leaders on reforming the UK's membership of the European Union.
A discount bus pass scheme for young people will continue to be available in Wales after the Welsh Government announced a U-turn.
A Scottish businesswoman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
Up to 650 jobs could be lost in Aberdeen and London as part of a "global reorganisation" by an Aberdeen-based oil services company.
Online marketplaces such as eBay and Gumtree could be targeted by tax authorities under plans to collect extra data from firms and individuals.
Do you know what happens when you search for treasure in the back of a skip?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan, prompting tributes and tributes from around the world.
A rugby player who collapsed and died after a head injury she suffered during a match died from a blood clot, an inquest has heard.
Leicester City and Southampton played out a goalless draw at the King Power Stadium as the Foxes missed the chance to move level on points with Premier League leaders Manchester City.
Graffiti artists Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first met when they were both photographers based in New York City in the 1980s.
The Football Association of Lithuania has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble during England's Euro 2016 qualifier at Wembley on Tuesday.
Newport County chairman Neil Foxall says he is "expects to be honoured" with his 10-year lease to use Rodney Parade.
Paul Lawrie hopes to return to the top of the world rankings next year after revealing he is to have surgery on his foot.
A man has been given a community sentence for posting "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" of two women online.
The Irish government expressed concerns about The Quiet Man fearing it would be seen as a "rollicking farce" when it was added to the US National Film Registry.
Three men have been jailed for growing cannabis plants worth £800,000 at an industrial unit in Bridgend county.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent Australian lawyer who was shot dead outside his home.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Andy Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to shut offshore migrant camps on the Pacific island of Nauru after claims of abuse and rape.
An elderly motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after being found travelling the wrong way along a country road on his mobility scooter.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's national football stadium for the first time.
Shay Logan says being re-assured manager Derek McInnes would have been difficult to sign a new deal at Pittodrie if he had never played under him.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Cardiff to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Hollywood director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, saying he had reached "rock bottom" with the social media site.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development of the Philippines (OLPC) has been awarded a $1m (Â£700,000) grant to help develop a tablet version of its XO laptop.
The US Library of Congress has voted to grant car owners the right to modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright law.
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a "mild heart attack" at the Honda Classic in Florida.
Australia will play New Zealand in the Women's World Twenty20 final after a nine-run victory over England in the semi-final in Mumbai.
Oil prices have fallen sharply after a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided not to cut production.
The Soloist office block in Belfast city centre has been sold to a London-based company.
US President Barack Obama is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since Edward Snowden revealed he had been working for the US intelligence agency, the National Security Agency (NSA).
World number one Jason Day won the Honda Classic by one shot to claim his first PGA Tour title of the year with a one-shot victory in Florida.
At Malakal airport in South Sudan's capital, Juba, I am greeted by the familiar sight of sunbeams.
In the aftermath of a brutal acid attack in Mumbai, India, Shobha Bajaj was taken to a hospital where she was given up for adoption.
Police have said they are treating the deaths of a couple whose bodies were found at a house in Ballycastle, County Antrim, as unexplained.
Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference on Thursday morning was an exercise in political theatre.
Scotland is to enshrine into law the requirement for a statutory number of nurses and midwives to work in the health service.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media claim that the country is completely free of neo-Nazis and fascists, and that far-right parties have no place in Ukrainian politics.
Greece has submitted new proposals to the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF) to try to reach a deal over its debt crisis.
A five-year-old boy with a rare type of brain tumour could see his survival rate halve if he does not receive chemotherapy in England, doctors have warned.
The RSPCA has urged Wrexham council to reconsider plans to ban dogs from certain public spaces.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A55 near Bangor in Gwynedd.
Portsmouth goalkeeper Jamie Carson produced a string of fine saves as Hartlepool held the League Two leaders to a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
A sick sea turtle which washed up on a Guernsey beach is being moved to a special tank after vets saved it from drowning.
Rohit Singh, a 12-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Bihar, is helping his parents earn money by fishing for coins in the River Ganges.
The legal drink-drive limit in England and Wales should be lowered to 50mg per 100ml of blood to save lives, health experts have said.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons.
Motherwell's new assistant manager Neil Pearson says he hopes the Scottish Premiership club will be a good fit for him.
A five-year-old girl who underwent a heart transplant has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule.
Former NFL player Shannon Welter has been named as the first female coach of a professional American football team, with the Arizona Cardinals.
Welsh parties campaigning for Brexit should stop talking about it in terms people "don't understand", a leading Leave campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim he made that the Obama administration sent $400m (£300m) to Iran in cash.
A man has been arrested in Belarus after a woman was killed and another injured with a chainsaw and an axe at a shopping centre.
First Minister Peter Robinson has said he has "never had any financial interest" in a flawed green energy scheme which could lead to an overspend of Â£490m.
Paris's mayor has threatened to sue Fox News over claims it spread "Islamophobia" in the city.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has voted unanimously to keep interest rates on hold at 0.5%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he has "grown as a cricketer" but admits he may take a "step back" from the game before the first one-day international against West Indies begins in Barbados on Friday.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the case for staying in the European Union, shadow Welsh Secretary Michael Mann has said.
Plans to build a technology park on the site of a former quarry in West Sussex have been submitted to the council.
England fly-half Owen Farrell led Saracens to a convincing bonus-point win over Oyonnax in their Champions Cup opener at the Stade Francais.
A man who led police on a high-speed car chase through West Sussex while driving without a licence or insurance has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Vogue editor Anna Wintour, Angelina Jolie and Caitlyn Jenner have been named on the BBC's Woman's Hour 2015 list of the UK's most influential women.
"If I had not survived the Asian financial crisis, I would have given up," says Choe Choe, "I would have gone into administration."
Derby County kept up the pressure on their Championship play-off rivals with a goalless draw against Brentford at Pride Park.
Glasgow Warriors will be working hard to keep their current players at Scotstoun, says head coach Tony Blair.
Olympic champion Lizzie Armitstead has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been discovered in the middle of the M1 motorway.
West Ham's Andy Carroll has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City still have time to "put things right" after being booed off the pitch at Etihad Stadium.
Snow is causing "traffic chaos" and disruption to flights at Manchester and Leeds airports after heavy snow fell across parts of northern England.
Archaeologists say they have discovered the remains of a plague victim in a disused pit at the bottom of a hillside in Oxfordshire.
A man has died and his two children have been seriously injured in a suspected arson attack at a primary school in County Antrim.
US airlines American Airlines and United have joined Delta in banning the shipment of all hunting trophies, after the controversial killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
London Broncos chairman Nigel Wood says it is "extremely important" that the Rugby Football League (RFL) "does London well" in terms of rugby league.
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss a controversial plan to relocate up to 1.5 million migrants from Italy and Greece to other EU countries.
A police officer and three other men have been arrested over a suspected terror plot to kidnap a colleague.
At least 32 people were injured when a pick-up truck crashed into crowds at a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans, Louisiana, police say.
Southend's Gleneagles guesthouse has offered a free night in exchange for a "tour of the best of Southend" after Dan O'Grady called the town a "shit hole".
It might not seem like the kind of business that would catch the eye of a potential boss.
There are many ways to measure out the Obama presidency.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury Desmond Tutu has said he would support assisted dying.
Flights to and from London Gatwick and Heathrow will return to normal following the attacks of 11 September, Monarch has said.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death in Dumfries and Galloway.
Tesla has said it plans to increase production of its Model 3 electric car five-fold over the next two years.
"If you want to be a wife, you have to get married."
Bristol full-back Luke Arscott has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Pupils at a primary school in Nottinghamshire have been banned from playing British Bulldog.
Northern Ireland's economic growth will remain the lowest of the 12 UK regions in 2015 and will fall again in 2016, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
"A better investigation may have resulted in a trial nine years ago," read a tearful victim's mother's statement at the inquest into the death of a man shot dead by police in north London.
At least nine people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing factory in the Swiss Alps, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture on the site of a former Wrexham pit could be given a five-year extension if councillors approve.
Nottinghamshire head coach Dougie Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship will have an "embarrassing" impact on players and supporters.
A witness has told a court she was sexually abused as a child by a man accused of being part of a child sex ring in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on believers to show compassion and mercy to a "ruthless" world where "a culture of indifference turns ruthless".
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of Uighur academic Ilham Tohti, accused of separatism.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become the first elected official to try out a zip wire stunt at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Reading moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with victory over Fulham thanks to Roy Beerens' late goal.
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Northern Ireland and Portugal has been postponed after a car crash on the M1 motorway near Londonderry.
Middlesbrough manager Steve Agnew says he takes responsibility for his side's "naive" defending in their 4-2 defeat by Hull City at the Riverside.
At least six people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
If you were told that your local school was going to stop offering A-levels, you would be furious - but if you had to travel across the country to find a school with a sixth form, you might not have been able to do so.
The Lion King is among 25 films to be added to the US Library of Congress's National Film Registry.
At least 160 people were killed when a church collapsed in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says it will be "tough" to repeat the form he showed against India when England play New Zealand and Australia in Test cricket next summer.
A woman accused of making up a story about being sexually abused by a former member of the Royal Family has told a court she was not "fantasyising, lying or imagining it".
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup campaign came to an end with a six-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in the second one-day international.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 13-year-old boy who went on the run after a knife attack at a school injuring two people has been arrested.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics.
Anzac Day has been marked in London with a wreath-laying service in the city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced new sanctions against Iran.
The number of GCSE entries has fallen in England, Wales and Northern Ireland this year, but there has been a rise in entries in Wales.
The government has announced the shortlist for the Northern and TransPennine Express rail franchises amid concerns about jobs and services.
Four people have been rescued after a speedboat capsized near Brixham harbour in Torbay.
Victims of institutional abuse are calling for the scope of an inquiry into child abuse in Northern Ireland to be widened.
US chip giant Intel has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to September as sales of its data-chips continue to slow.
The UK is to offer counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during a visit to Asia, the prime minister has said.
The Welsh government is to loan £2.7m to airlines Airbus and British Airways to help them invest in Wales.
A first-time mother has written a letter to other new mothers asking for help with parenting after dropping her shopping in a supermarket.
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, residents say.
A midwife-led maternity unit is to be introduced at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness sooner than planned.
Scotland's new school curriculum will produce the results the country needs, the education secretary has said.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with her future husband Prince Philip has sold at auction for more than double its estimate.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood grew up on a council estate in Carmarthenshire.
A third runway at London's Heathrow Airport could increase air pollution by a marginal amount, according to new research.
Great Britain are "confident" the Davis Cup final against Belgium will go ahead despite fears of a possible terror attack in Belgium.
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan in Ghana's capital Accra after taking off from an airport in the early hours of Saturday.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was found dead in his Brighton flat.
Kirsty Sugden has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Tranmere Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the takeover of the club by the Al-Qadi family.
Japan's national advertising agency is being investigated over the death of a worker who reportedly worked 100 hours of overtime before taking her own life.
It was a nightmare for the world's most famous manager.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians prefer to pay emergency rates.
A cyclist has died while taking part in a charity bike ride raising money for a hospice.
Three new horses have been added to the field for the Derby at Epsom - Cracksman, Permian and Diore Lia.
UK manufacturing output fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey.
Five people have been killed in a gun attack at a nightclub in the Malian capital, Bamako, officials say.
Paris St-Germain's Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced he will leave the club at the end of his playing career.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Coventry City striker Michael Morrison on a short-term deal.
More than 75 million people attended sporting events in the UK in 2015, according to sports business consultancy Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from practising dentistry in the UK after a patient said she was "butchered and robbed of her life savings".
The captain of the Costa Concordia, Francesco Schettino, has been found guilty of manslaughter over the sinking of the cruise ship.
Twenty-five British Olympians won medals at London 2012, according to the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
Jade Jones could become the "next Ronda Rousey", according to Welsh mixed martial arts fighter Joe Johns.
A group of people from Brighton and Hove have been photographing each other in their work clothes.
Worcestershire all-rounder Liam Wells has signed a new long-term contract with the county.
The operator of the Wales and Borders rail franchise has announced plans to increase capacity at Cardiff Central station.
Chinese smartphone-maker Lenovo has unveiled a new device that uses Google's Tango technology and the first Moto Z modular phone.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the Latvian capital, Riga, for an annual memorial service.
Flood warnings are in place for parts of north Wales as heavy rain is forecast for the rest of the country.
A federal judge in Brazil has arrested former congressman Eduardo Cunha, who is being investigated for corruption.
Sir Roger Moore, Sir Roger Boulden and Olympic silver medallist Jamie Baulch are among the people featured in a new short film about life-changing moments.
Theresa May's letter to the European Council outlining the government's plans for leaving the EU has been met with a mixed response from the Welsh and Scottish governments.
British troops will be sent to Somalia to help fight Islamist militants, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
The owner of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died after falling ill while working at a petrol station.
Plans to give English MPs the right to vote for English laws should be treated "with caution", a north Wales MP has said.
Police have said a "significant" cache of weapons found in County Antrim could have saved lives after the discovery of an arms dump.
More than 100 people have been killed and many injured in a suspected gas explosion in the south-eastern Nigerian state of Anambra.
A chronology of key events:
Wales striker Sam Vokes says he hopes his team can build on their recent good form when they take on the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Saturday in World Cup qualifying.
Oscar-winning actor and former US football player O.J. Simpson is seeking a new trial for the 2007 robbery of a Las Vegas hotel room in which he was convicted of kidnapping.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Conor Sammon for an undisclosed fee.
Czech cyclist Tomas Kreuziger has been cleared of doping after the Czech Olympic Committee ruled he was not guilty of breaching cycling's anti-doping code.
An inquiry into the activities of the IRA's most high-ranking secret agent, Stakeknife, is due to begin at the High Court in London later.
An organic farmer has apologised after Tesco used a picture of him pulling carrots on his farm as part of a supermarket's food waste campaign.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has held a Facebook townhall with the chief executive of the world's largest social network.
Zamalek have appointed former Genk boss Alex McLeish as their new head coach.
Eritrea has dismissed as "totally unfounded" a United Nations report accusing the Eritrean government of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video emerged showing a man throwing a punch at another man in front of a moving bus.
Actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza Poldark in BBC One's period drama Poldarks, has died aged 69.
Campaigners have called on the Scottish government to introduce regulation to allow communities to heat their own homes and businesses with renewable heat.
People in Flintshire who leave rubbish outside their council bins will face a fine of up to Â£100 if they continue.
Tributes have been paid to a student who died in a road crash after achieving a top grade in her life sciences degree.
Tourism is booming in Europe, fuelled by cheap airfares and cheap holidays, but cities are struggling to keep up with the demand.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of high winds forecast for parts of Wales.
The Indian Premier League gets under way on 25 April with the opening match between Mumbai Indians and Sunrisers Hyderabad at the Kia Oval in Delhi.
Google’s ambitious plan to beam high-speed internet across the world from a network of high-altitude balloons is a step closer, the company has said.
Up to 500 new jobs could be created at a Ministry of Defence depot in Shropshire under plans being considered by a local council.
More than 80 people have been charged with drugs offences as part of a police crackdown in Northern Ireland.
Two brothers were unlawfully killed by their mother before she took her own life, a coroner has ruled.
The body of a man has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Dundee.
Work permits for EU citizens living and working in the UK could cut migration to perhaps one fifth of its recent level if the UK voted to leave the European Union, a report says.
The government has admitted it breached EU law over air quality in England and Wales, the High Court has heard.
Convicted murderer Adnan Syed is to get a fresh chance to clear his name after a judge granted him a hearing to consider new evidence.
Three pieces of gold jewellery have been found in Scunthorpe as part of a treasure hunt.
A man has been jailed for the manslaughter of a man who drowned while trying to retrieve golf balls from a lake.
A man has died in a house fire in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says Fernando Llorente is one of the best aerial players in the Premier League.
Stormont is facing a budget crisis after the Stormont Executive failed to agree a deal with the Northern Ireland Executive's finance minister by the end of July.
The husband of a British-Iranian woman who has been detained in Iran for three days with her toddler daughter, Gabriella, says he hopes public pressure will help bring her home.
Scientists in the US say they have made the first human-pig embryos.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed a new constitution aimed at ending the country's long-standing political stand-off with neighbouring South Africa.
To Kill a Mockingbird has become one of the most famous books in the history of American literature, but why did the author of one of America's most famous novels stop writing?
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year because of budget cuts.
French Ligue 1 side Marseille have announced the sale of the club to American businessman Barry McCourt.
Sir Chris Hoy will be the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics on Friday.
A woman who claims she was held against her will against her father's wishes in Saudi Arabia has won a court order to return to the UK.
Mae'r goeden honno yng Natsïaid wedi ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Drenewydd.
Plans to give English MPs a "double majority" veto over English laws will be debated in the House of Commons later, the government has announced.
Ethnic minorities in Hong Kong are still being denied equal access to education, according to a new study by the Equal Opportunities Commission.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted to devolve a rate of corporation tax to Northern Ireland.
Oxford City Council is planning to increase the number of car parking spaces at a city centre site.
A gay rights group says it has seen evidence of a crackdown on gay people in the Russian republic of Chechnya in the North Caucasus.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton says there is "urgency" for him to make a good start at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday if he is to beat team-mate Nico Rosberg to the title.
Russia's new "information security" law will come into effect on 1 August, requiring bloggers to register with the country's media regulator.
Spanish police say they have broken up a gang suspected of hiring Chinese nationals as domestic workers without carrying out the job they were hired for.
Germany's Interior Minister Thomas De Maiziere has warned of a rise in the number of terror attacks, after a man was stabbed to death on a train in Berlin.
Former Nottingham Forest manager Graham Davies says he would be delighted to return to the club.
Great Britain's Mo Farah missed out on a second gold medal at the World Indoor Athletics Championships as he was beaten into second place in the 5,000m in London.
David and Samantha Cameron have spoken for the first time since the death of their son Ivan, who died shortly after he was born.
Police have warned people to be very, very careful when answering cold calls over the telephone after two elderly women were conned out of more than Â£1,000.
Tributes have been paid to the Catholic priest Fr Alec Reid, who played a key role in the Northern Ireland peace process during the Troubles.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says it was "easy to love" his players after they reached the Champions League semi-finals with a stunning first-half display against Porto.
Farmers in Wales are considering joining forces to try to improve the way they deal with milk processors.
A woman has died and two children have been seriously injured in a car crash on the M25 in Berkshire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has said new anti-racism rules will be a "defining moment" for football after new punishments were adopted.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens says he hopes to officiate at the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
Four people have been charged over the beating of an Israeli Arab man who died after being shot and beaten by a mob in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba.
Kaka has been called up to the Brazil squad for the Under-20 World Cup in South Africa, which starts in March.
Arsenal Ladies booked their place in the Women's FA Cup final with a comfortable win over Birmingham City in front of a sell-out crowd at Emirates Stadium.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi ailhysbysebu'r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yng Nghaerdydd.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is expected to decide in March whether to close its Police Scotland control centre in Dumfries and Galloway.
A man is to stand trial accused of assaulting a doctor at a North Lanarkshire hospital with a razor blade.
Two Labour AMs are hoping to become the first to try to ban letting agency fees in Wales.
Plastic surgeons in the UK are being told to give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery.
Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time under new manager Michael Appleton with a late goal from Jordan Kazim-Richards beating Arsenal at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a "dramatic" variation in the size of their testes, according to new research.
Welsh MP Christina Rees has been named as Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's new shadow Welsh secretary.
A Romanian man has been sentenced to four years in prison for hacking into the email accounts of US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Cardiff Central railway station will be closed after the Champions League final in 2017 in a bid to reduce long waits for passengers.
The chair of the Scottish government's inquiry into child abuse has said she is considering how best to assess the evidence from victims and survivors.
An Indian shopkeeper who stopped a man from attacking another man with a machete in Mumbai says he fears for his life after receiving death threats.
All children in Wales should be "immersed" in Welsh by the age of seven by 2020, the Welsh government has said.
The partner of a man left paralysed from the chest down after a brain haemorrhage has criticised a "slap on the wrist" for nurses who mistreated him in hospital.
Surrey residents have been urged to recycle "weird and wonderful" items such as a dog, a cat and a dog biscuit to help the county meet its recycling target.
US President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Friday morning to share his reaction to the deadly shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris.
A US soldier accused of murdering a Taliban fighter in Afghanistan has been charged with murder, sparking a debate about the impact of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Radio 1 DJ James Bayley has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Arts from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £1,000 from the Isle of Man government to help improve the condition of the island's beaches.
British number two James Ward produced a stunning final-set fightback to beat American John Isner and take a 2-0 lead in their Davis Cup semi-final against the United States.
A prehistoric underwater forest thought to date back to 10,000 years ago has been discovered off the Suffolk coast.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into prison by stuffing it down his throat has been jailed for six months.
Lectures were moved away from a Swansea University campus after a controlled explosion was carried out after chemicals "had become unstable".
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record level in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened a new exhibition of his work from his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq War is to appear before MPs for the first time since the publication of his long-awaited report.
Dywed ei bod yn gorffen ei sifft yng ngorsaf heddlu'r Coed Duon wedi ei saethu gyda Taser yn y gorffennol.
The value of the pound has fallen sharply against the US dollar since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Whistleblowers are being let down by the way they are treated, MPs have said, calling for more protection for those who come forward.
Sydney's famous Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge have switched off their lights as part of Earth Hour.
Thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, a US student who died in a coma after being detained in North Korea last week.
England number one Mark Maguire admitted he was "embarrassed" after admitting he "didn't care" about his World Championship first-round match at the Crucible.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrat (CDU) party has suffered a "disappointing" defeat in a regional election over her refugee policy.
One in four men and one in 20 women in the world is a daily smoker, according to a study by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he does not agree with the drivers' view that the governing body of the sport is "obsolete and ill-structured".
Tata Steel has been fined £930,000 for breaching health and safety at work.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are due to meet the prime minister in London later to discuss a possible deal to restore power-sharing at Stormont.
The new leader of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has been shot dead in the Pakistani city of Quetta.
Two teenagers have been jailed for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a revenge attack.
An inquest into the death of a man who was found stabbed to death at a house where his ex-girlfriend was critically injured has begun.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested after a man was found seriously injured in a Glasgow street.
Travellers were allowed to travel to Wrexham's home game against Chester on Saturday despite a "bubble" fixture being cancelled due to crowd trouble.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed goalkeeper Lukasz Klich on a short-term deal from Premier League side Middlesbrough.
Police are investigating after a quantity of paint was splattered on the front of a Londonderry community hall.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over its refusal to extradite Julian Assange from the Ecuadorean embassy over a rape allegation.
Talks between Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's allies Russia and Iran and the main opposition umbrella group, the Syrian Arab Coalition, have been taking place in Astana, Kazakhstan.
League One side Barnsley have signed Wrexham midfielder Kayden Jackson on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) is investigating claims that Algeria's visually impaired goalball team has pulled out of the Rio 2016 Games.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his government's policy of detaining migrants at sea, despite criticism from the New York Times.
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh have submitted plans for a new tennis court at their Sandringham estate.
Local authorities in England are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for refugees resettled under the government's resettlement programme, the National Audit Office (NAO) says.
A man is being treated in hospital after he was assaulted by a group of men in the Springfield area of Londonderry.
The UK is to build and launch the Solar Orbiter (SolO) probe, a mission to study the Sun's turbulent solar wind.
Scotland's first minister has made the first move in what could be a long, complex and fraught debate about the future of our relationship with the EU.
Northern Ireland's economy grew in real terms in the three months to the end of June, according to the latest official statistics.
It is one of the oldest rowing races in the world and one of Scotland's oldest.
Nationwide has reported a sharp fall in the value of its mortgage lending following a "softening" in the buy-to-let market and Stamp Duty and tax changes.
An investigation into the downing of a Russian jet in Syria last November that killed two of its crew has begun, Russian officials say.
Kent have signed all-rounder Sean Dickson from South Africa Under-19s.
A toddler was burned to the skin on his bottom after his mother said he stepped on a discarded barbecue which had been dumped on a beach.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn risks pushing more of his party's traditional supporters into the "arms of UKIP" by campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union, a Eurosceptic Labour MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he has "never lost his mind" after being banned from football by the International Olympic Committee's ethics committee.
A memorial to a US toddler who was killed by an alligator while on holiday at Walt Disney World in Florida has been unveiled.
Michael Gove has said he "entirely accepts" that sacking him from the cabinet was the "right thing to do" when Theresa May became prime minister.
Scotland's top law officer has called for the UK to remain a "fully committed and active participant" in EU police and justice co-operation after Brexit.
A court in India has reserved its verdict in the case of Bollywood star Salman Khan, who is accused of causing a fatal car crash in 2002 which killed a bakery owner.
Residents of a new housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved there because of poor broadband.
An Australian man who helped seven would-be jihadists travel to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) has said he is "really sorry" for what he has done.
GPs in England should be given more time to see patients, the British Medical Association (BMA) has said.
Global drinks giants are buying up new craft distilleries to deal with a rise in competition in the spirits market, according to a report.
Wales could miss out on £50m a year if stamp duty is taken as a benchmark for how much money the Welsh Government should raise from the UK Treasury after Brexit, experts have warned.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has promised to salvage the Sewol ferry, which sank in April with the loss of 304 lives in the South Korean port city of Jeju.
The widow of a man who was shot dead by police after he killed himself with a home-made gun has told an inquest how he tied up his children and threatened to kill himself.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick and England's Tyrrell Hatton share the lead going into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in South Carolina.
Plans to increase passenger numbers at London Luton Airport to 30 million a year have been revealed.
Public parks in England and Wales are at a "tipping point" as local councils cut budgets, a committee of MPs has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a mark on social media since his election victory in May 2014.
An 18th Century textbook borrowed from a Hereford school has been returned to its former pupils after it was discovered it contained a stamp from the House of Commons Library.
Hull City striker Mark Clucas has signed a new long-term contract with the Premier League club.
The burial of a woman who died after having a miscarriage has been halted after claims she was denied an abortion because of a gynaecologist's refusal to carry out the procedure.
Pop group Duran Duran are suing a fan club company in the US for unpaid fees.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" after beating American Sam Querrey in straight sets at the Shanghai Masters.
A man who raped a woman and sent a text message threatening her with rape has been jailed for 12 years.
Work is under way to increase the capacity of Scotland's largest container terminal.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being urged to get rid of a "thug" plant that is out-competing bluebell bulbs.
Arsenal Football Club owner Stan Kroenke has ordered his hunting TV channel MOTV to stop showing footage of dead animals.
A "very immature" man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
A man has been arrested by police in connection with the attempted murder of an elderly woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Kent coast has paid tribute to him.
A man who beat a man to death with a meat cleaver has had his life sentence quashed at the Old Bailey.
Former Scotland defender Barry Watson has been named assistant manager of the national team for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers against England, replacing Craig McCall.
A team of police officers is to be sent to Northern Ireland to help with the resettlement of Syrian refugees.
A driving instructor who crashed into oncoming traffic while taking part in a speed awareness course has been jailed for causing the death of a woman.
Belgian Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in his career.
More than half of LGBT young people do not feel safe and supported by the legal system, according to a new survey.
A man has died after being hit by a car which failed to stop for police when it mounted the pavement and hit a cyclist.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in Spain as part of a fraud case against his former club Barcelona.
Postal ballot papers for a general election constituency in Hull were sent out without the names of the Green and Labour candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams' "fitting send-off" at the Rugby World Cup was "fitting" for the once-in-a-generation player.
Paul Gascoigne was once described by Russell Brand as one of the funniest British footballers of all time.
Oil company Ineos has accused the National Trust of "political interference" over plans to look for shale gas in the Sherwood Forest.
Eight men from the UK and the Netherlands have been arrested in a series of police raids on suspected drugs dealers.
Manchester City have signed England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for an undisclosed fee.
An escaped racoon has been rescued from the roof of a house after its owner thought her husband had "lost the plot" when she saw it staring at her through the window.
A dog has been stolen from a pet store during a break-in at a leisure centre in East Sussex.
A Rwandan man who called for mass murder during the Rwandan genocide has been sentenced to life in prison by a court in Rwanda after being found guilty of genocide charges.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying at a UK university if the UK votes to leave the European Union, research suggests.
The father of a 14-year-old Muslim girl who was forced to marry a non-Muslim man in Australia has been jailed for seven and a half years.
The makers of the hit Serial podcast are teaming up with the makers of a Star Wars spin-off to make a new TV show.
A cross-party commission has been set up to examine "fairer alternatives" to the Scottish council tax.
More than 200 hens are to be rehomed by a charity after being rescued from a slaughterhouse in north Wales.
Hull KR have signed centre Curtis Naughton from Super League rivals Hull KR on a short-term deal.
Human remains found in a lay-by could be a man under the age of 50, police have said.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced he will not return to coaching.
People who carry a faulty gene may increase their risk of having a stroke by up to 70%, researchers suggest.
A teenager has appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the murder of a police officer who was shot dead by a teenage gunman.
Google has announced plans to stop taking orders for its wearable technology, Google Glass, from next week.
An explosive device has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has voted unanimously to pull out of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major security shake-up as part of a wider overhaul of his government.
One of Scotland's largest farming supply companies has reported a rise in profits despite "challenging times" for the agriculture industry.
US President Donald Trump has said special counsel Robert Mueller should not be allowed to continue leading an investigation into alleged Russian interference in the US election because of his friendship with the man he fired.
Concerns have been raised about the future of term-time holidays after a father was cleared of breaching the law for taking his seven-year-old daughter on holiday.
Burundi's opposition leader Pierre Nkurunziza Rwasa has said his wife has been shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura.
O2 and Vodafone are due to meet the government later to discuss plans to launch 4G mobile services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Football League clubs are being asked to back a proposal to create a new national league in England.
An Indian restaurant owner has accused the UK government of "insanity" over its immigration rules restricting the number of non-EU chefs allowed to work in Scotland.
England fly-half Chris Robshaw says his side must improve their discipline after a "shocking" first-half display in their 16-14 defeat by France in Paris.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found it had an alcohol content of 77% instead of the advertised 40%.
Boxer Michael Towell has died after collapsing in the ring following a bout.
Daimler has said it will fix software software in its Mercedes-Benz cars to fix software bugs found during an emissions test.
Scientists have discovered a new type of cement that is particularly good at trapping radioactive material from nuclear waste.
Pembroke beat Bready by nine wickets while Waringstown beat Coleraine by eight wickets and Donemana beat The Hills by six wickets.
An amateur footballer who threatened to cut the throat of Clacton Town fans with a corkscrew during a football match has pleaded guilty to having an offensive weapon.
Some of the world's best-known writers have called for a boycott of a PEN Literary Gala over plans to award an award to French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
A cap on the amount the NHS in England can spend on agency staff is helping to cut the bill by £600m a year, but more needs to be done, health bosses say.
Up to 200 jobs could be lost at a window manufacturing plant in County Antrim.
Poundland, the UK's biggest discount retailer, has never been afraid to make a quick buck.
Two children and a man have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a concrete barrier.
A woman has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a flat in west Belfast.
A new, much simpler method of giving contraception has been approved for use in 69 of the world's poorest countries.
Northern Ireland's police ombudsman, Dr Michael Maguire, has said he is pleased to be able to resume investigations into a number of historical cases.
Police in Australia are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
High winds brought disruption to parts of north Wales on Friday, with gusts reaching speeds of up to 90mph.
At least five soldiers have died after their armoured vehicle plunged into a river during a military exercise in Taiwan, the army says.
Jim Garcia, the former US assistant secretary of immigration and customs enforcement who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar, has resigned from his post.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys at the Sportsground.
Billy McRory, who lost both of his legs when he was hit by a car in a motorsport race, says he's back racing again.
Sunderland band Pulled Apart By Horses have closed their pop-up shop in the city centre after it was sold to student accommodation.
Luton Town have released six players after their League Two play-off final defeat by Blackpool.
Ivory Coast international Karim Benzia has decided to switch allegiance from France to Algeria, the Algerian Football Federation has confirmed.
England will become the first women's national team to be paid to play under new contracts to be announced later.
South Wales Police has elected a new chief and deputy chief constable.
A drug that locks on to a cancer cell and causes widespread DNA damage has shown promise as a potential new treatment for ovarian cancer, according to researchers.
Detectives searching for missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of her from the night she disappeared.
Pop-trance duo The KLF announced they had quit the music industry in 1994 after a row with Abba over an unauthorised sampling of their 1987 debut album.
Formula 1 test driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after undergoing surgery to address serious head and facial injuries sustained in a crash during testing.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in the Glasgow Harbour area.
US President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from going to China for further education, citing national security concerns.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is "frightened" and "excited" by the prospect of leading the club into the Premier League for the first time.
Scottish soldiers are to be deployed to Afghanistan for the first time since the end of British combat operations in the country.
Lily Pergolizzi, better known by her stage name LP, was once advised against a career in entertainment, saying it would "never pay the bills".
Chelsea moved level on points with Premier League leaders Manchester City at the top of the table as Willian scored twice and David Luiz added a late winner at Etihad Stadium.
Former British middleweight champion Scott Blackwell's sparring partner has been banned from boxing for breaching the sport's code of conduct after a sparring session with the injured boxer.
A woman who died in the Hillsborough disaster tried to find her son's mother after the crush, the inquests have heard.
A self-made robot is to feature at this year's XpoNorth, a Scottish design festival in Inverness.
Cambridge United will travel to League One Manchester United in the FA Cup third round after a 1-1 draw in the second leg of their second-round replay.
Tyneside have released six players from their National League squad, including midfielders Tom Hogan and Manny Smith, and defenders Michael O'Donnell and Michael Mafuta.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is expected to be boosted by the return of defender Gael Clichy, who missed Sunday's 1-0 Champions League defeat by Monaco.
Barrow have parted company with manager Gary Cox after a disappointing season in the National League.
A beekeeper died after being stung by a honey bee, an inquest has heard.
Forest Green Rovers missed the chance to move into the National League play-off places after a 5-5 draw at home to Torquay.
Nigeria's Boko Haram militants abducted more than 200 schoolgirls from a school in the town of Chibok in the north-east of the country in April 2014 and later stoned two of them to death.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted overwhelmingly to decriminalise some forms of domestic violence, including smacking children.
The UK government is being sued for compensation over alleged human rights abuses committed during the Mau Mau Mau uprising in Kenya in the 1950s.
Dundee County defender Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed riding a crocodile on a boat in Australia as part of a "top secret" conservation mission.
England umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after testing positive for concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the company's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics.
Thousands of native white-clawed crayfish have been re-introduced to Wales as a "stop-gap" measure to save the species from extinction.
More than 1,000 people were evacuated from London's O2 Arena after a fire broke out at a McDonald's restaurant.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set for a boost at the North American box office after it was named best picture at Sunday's Academy Awards.
An investigation is to be launched into the cause of a foul-smelling cloud of water that appeared at the base of Niagara Falls in the US state of New York.
Dundee midfielder Kieran O'Dea hopes good friends Greg Stewart and Jack Hemmings can stay at Tannadice beyond this season but admits it would be "virtually impossible" to replace them.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics gets under way in Norway on Friday.
A UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join the Democratic Independent Group, saying he is unhappy with what he sees as the council's "lack of action" on Manston Airport.
Education watchdog Ofqual has been accused of breaching its own guidelines over the way English GCSEs are graded.
At least 20 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition backing the government of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi in central Yemen, officials say.
Bethlehem is celebrating the birth of Jesus, one of the world's most important Christian holidays.
North Wales Police and Dyfed-Powys Police "requires improvement" in annual "legitimacy" assessments by the police watchdog.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has thanked his make-up artist from Wales for helping him become an Oscar-nominated actor.
An anonymous donor has stepped in to save the life of a terminally ill boy with a rare form of leukaemia, his mother has said.
Air France-KLM and Lufthansa have escaped fines from the European Commission for breaching EU anti-trust rules.
Bournemouth striker Andy King says his team-mates will not take their foot off the gas now they know they are safe from Premier League relegation.
Up to 80,000 people are being evacuated from besieged districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a deal between Russia and rebels to end the battle for the city.
The thaw in US-Cuba relations has been described as "extraordinary" and "dramatic" by the US ambassador to Cuba.
Olympique Marseille have announced the sale of their French Ligue 1 club to American businessman Frank McCourt for an undisclosed sum.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured a stunning view of the Earth from space, captured by a camera attached to the International Space Station.
A Ukrainian mother has been charged with abandoning her two young children, one of whom has died and the other is in intensive care after apparently being locked inside a flat with the dead body of her son.
League One side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on loan until January.
A southern bypass route could be considered as part of an upgrade of the A303 near Stonehenge, the BBC has learned.
Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths once told European Rugby Union officials to "look at what we're doing".
Myanmar's security forces have killed members of the Rohingya Muslim community and gang-raped women and children, the United Nations says.
A burst water pipe has closed a school and forced the temporary closure of a road after a burst pipe flooded a village.
Guernsey manager Tony Vance says his side could have "done without" playing England in the FA Cup after they were held to a goalless draw at home by Guernsey.
Athletics needs to "root out" the "sleepy" anti-doping regime of Russia, says World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chief Mark Warner.
A Labour MP has called for a review of the government's Prevent counter-terrorism strategy after the case of a London schoolgirl thought to have travelled to Syria to fight with Islamic State.
Emmerdale fans are to be given the chance to tour the ITV soap's new set for the first time, thanks to the success of its Coronation Street tours.
A number of teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry called in sick on Friday.
Cesare Ruggiero is in the middle of his vineyard, sipping a glass of white wine, surrounded by rows of grapevines.
The idea of being able to control a TV remote using your mind rather than your brainpower is being explored by the BBC.
An augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's HebCelt music festival.
Olympic silver medallist Elinor Houvenaghel has retired from cycling after the Glasgow Commonwealth Games.
Wimbledon will return to action on Centre Court on Sunday after the tournament's organisers decided to go ahead with play on the middle Sunday.
Police in Sicily have detained 15 members of a volunteer firefighting team accused of defrauding the fire service out of more than Â£200,000 (Â£150,000).
The number of suspected sexual offences against children under 18 recorded by police in England and Wales rose by 38% in 2013/14, the NSPCC has said.
The US says it has foiled a terror plot to bring down a US-bound airliner using laptops in the cabin, after receiving a tip-off from US intelligence.
North Korea has claimed it has made "significant progress" in developing nuclear weapons capable of carrying a nuclear device small enough to fit into a car.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have agreed to lay down their arms, Russian media report.
Richard Keogh scored the only goal of the game as Derby County beat Grimsby Town in their first game back in League One.
An Arizona mother who was sentenced to death for arranging the 1990 murder of her four-year-old son has lost her bid for a retrial.
Emergency ambulance service East Midlands Air Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told to improve after being rated "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Huddersfield Town moved top of the Championship thanks to Aaron Mooy's first goal of the season as they beat Leeds at Elland Road.
A BBC journalist is suing the corporation for unfair dismissal after claims she was the victim of "political interference", a tribunal has heard.
More than 80 homes in the Froghall area of Dundee were left without power after a fire broke out at a house.
A search is under way for a group of climbers missing from Mount Rainier in the US state of Washington.
David Weatherson scored twice as Dundee United eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Cup.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-Test series against Australia are hanging by a thread after a thrilling draw in Melbourne.
Cyrus Mistry, the new chairman of India's Tata Sons, has launched a blistering attack on the board of Tata Group, accusing them of "disloyalty" and "arrogance".
France's Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert hope the ATP World Tour Finals will do something to pay tribute to the victims of the Bataclan and Champs-Elysees attacks in Paris on Friday.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League for calling off their Super League game against Widnes on New Year's Day.
Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has been told by manager Jose Mourinho to "listen to me and not his agent" if he wants to stay at Old Trafford.
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is seeking the Republican nomination for US president.
Juan Mata was the creative force behind Chelsea's 2-1 Premier League victory over Sunderland at Stamford Bridge as the Blues maintained their perfect start to the season.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the "sure capability" to attack the US Pacific territory of Guam.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered rose after the bank announced plans to raise $5.1bn (Â£3.6bn) in a share issue and cut 15,000 jobs.
An elderly man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died in hospital.
The number of Bengal tigers in the wild in Bangladesh's Sunderbans - one of the world's largest mangrove swamps - has fallen to its lowest level ever recorded.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus will be out for the rest of the season after fracturing his metatarsal bone in the 1-0 Premier League defeat by Manchester United.
The remaining board members of Sport NI have resigned after a meeting in Belfast on Monday.
Hundreds of thousands of home routers are infected with malware that infects them with anti-virus software, according to a security firm.
Football fans in the German city of RB Leipzig are used to their team being booed, jeered and jeered, but the scenes at the Zentralstadion on Saturday night were anything but friendly.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed following a crash involving a lorry.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned after a visit to the country by US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has declared victory in the battle to recapture the city of Tal Afar from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Substitute Lee Novak scored a late equaliser to rescue a 2-2 draw for Charlton against Fleetwood at Highbury.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman Barry Brown has urged fans not to see his proposed takeover of the club as the club's "only chance".
An Australian turtle has been captured on camera as part of a project to find out why hundreds of turtles have been found dead near Queensland's Great Barrier Reef.
Kyle Wootton's injury-time equaliser earned Port Vale a point at Scunthorpe.
MK Dons missed out on a place in the League One play-off places as Ipswich scored twice in injury time to beat them at Portman Road thanks to goals from Matt Revell and Tom Varney.
Fifa football star George Weah has won Liberia's presidential and senate elections.
Tom Fleetwood missed a three-foot putt on the first play-off hole as Bernd Wiesberger held off the challenge of England's Tommy Fleetwood to win the WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai.
England defender Mandy van den Berg has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Coventry City Women.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating.
Bonfires have been set up in a car park in Belfast city centre in a dispute over the storage of bonfire material.
Roald Dahl's most famous words include scrumdiddlyumptious, fizzwiggler and fizzlecrump, according to the Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has welcomed TVR's decision to build its new car in Ebbw Vale, saying it is a "great boost for Wales' automotive sector".
Lewis Hamilton admitted he was "all over the place" in a "really bad" performance at the Hungarian Grand Prix as he finished sixth in a chaotic race.
(Noon): The FTSE 100 opened higher but shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply after the retailer warned of a "short-term hit to profits".
Portadown have been given a one-match ban and a 12-point deduction from the Irish Premiership after Ards were awarded a 3-0 win on Tuesday night because of an ineligible player's red card against the Ports.
A light aircraft has crashed into a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman who embezzled more than £50,000 from a former Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order.
Astronomers have discovered many more super-giant stars in the Milky Way than previously thought.
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico ground for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth moved to the top of League Two as goals from Craig Tanner and Joe Threlkeld beat Crawley at Home Park.
US media company Discovery Communications has agreed to buy rival Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£10.3bn) in a deal that would create one of the country's largest cable networks.
QPR's Steven Caulker was taken to hospital after being cut on the head at a Sunday lunch with players at Loftus Road.
Singer Barbra Streisand has finally got Apple's Siri to change the pronunciation of her name.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, demanding the arrest of a policeman accused of shooting dead a street vendor.
US drug company Turing Pharmaceuticals has decided not to lower the price of a drug it had promised to cut, despite criticism from politicians and doctors.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" after finally scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver was diverted to Glasgow Airport after a "smell of burning on board".
More needs to be done to improve the health of children's teeth in Wales, according to a national survey by the Welsh Government.
Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors have been boosted by a weaker pound, according to the Ulster Bank.
Former Premier League footballers Gary Neville and Paul Gascoigne have submitted revised plans for Manchester's St Michael's Square development.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car in South Yorkshire.
Former Crusaders and Shelbourne defender Pat Callaghan has been named as the new manager of Carrick Rangers.
A man who shook his newborn baby so hard he suffered a "catastrophic" brain injury and permanent brain damage has been jailed for six months.
British number one Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open.
Police are continuing to search for missing Leicestershire teenager Aimee Jones.
Chester maintained their National League play-off hopes with a convincing 3-0 win over Dagenham & Redbridge.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed defender Luke Wood from National League rivals Boreham Wood for an undisclosed fee on a one-year deal.
More than half of England's council elections have seen a below-average turnout, figures from the Electoral Commission show.
Wales full-back Matthew Morgan has signed a new contract with Premiership side Bristol.
Conor Henderson has signed a new contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch has no intention of leaving the Premier League club to join West Bromwich Albion, says manager Mark Hughes.
A painting by British artist Andy Warhol of Mao Zedong is to be auctioned in Hong Kong in April as part of his famous series of portraits of the Chinese leader.
Football legend Sir Alex Ferguson has been given the go-ahead to build a mock-Tudor flower house on moorland in Greater Manchester.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of the Oscar-nominated film The Mermaid, it has been confirmed.
Hull city centre has become home to a series of life-size moths in honour of aviator Amy Johnson, who died in 1941.
The new chancellor of the Exchequer has said he is willing to "reset" the government's fiscal policy in the light of the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A new version of the Lumiere festival in County Durham is to be staged in London, organisers have announced.
Ireland came from 2-0 down to beat Germany 3-2 in their second game at the Hockey World League semi-final in Belfast.
The Supreme Court is due to rule on whether parents can be fined for taking their children on holiday during term-time.
The parents of a teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said their daughter has a "heart of gold" and "has a heart of gold".
A US soldier has been awarded the US Army's highest military honour, the Medal of Honor, for his role in the battle against the Taliban in Afghanistan.
Unskilled workers would be allowed to stay in the UK for five years after the UK leaves the European Union under plans proposed by a Leave-backing think tank.
An investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a London Underground station while Crystal Palace fans were celebrating the FA Cup final.
Great Britain's McIntosh sisters Seonaid and Jennifer have won gold medals at the European Indoor Shooting Championships in the Czech Republic.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's response to the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Yelena Yarnold's Olympic gold medal at Rio 2016 is the latest in a long list of achievements for Great Britain's skeleton team, who have dominated the sport since it was reinstated in 2002.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will make the first defence of her WBO light-welterweight title against Spain's Maria Salazar at the Manchester Arena on Saturday.
Britain's Olympic champion Richard Heath continued his impressive form with victory in the K2 200m kayak event at the European Canoeing Championships.
The Isle of Man's Ellan Vannin football team have won the ConIFA World Cup for nations and regions in the Czech Republic.
Bristol's last remaining dry dockyard is set to close after the final boat was built in the city.
Too many older people are being "institutionalised" in care homes where their "personal identity and individuality rapidly diminishes", a report has found.
The government is to increase the maximum discount available to new home buyers under its right to buy scheme for social housing in England and Wales, the BBC understands.
A record number of cases of syphilis were recorded in London last year, figures show, with a sharp rise among men who have sex with men.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in East Lothian.
Portsmouth have signed Belgium Under-21 international midfielder Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu on a short-term contract after he impressed on trial.
Nottingham Forest caretaker boss Paulo Brazil says he will do "whatever they ask me to do" after being given the job until a permanent manager is appointed.
An Australian charity has asked the public to make tiny mittens to help injured koalas and baby kangaroos recover from bushfires.
Newborn babies born with a cleft palate are being missed out on vital treatment because of a lack of early diagnosis, doctors say.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay and conditions have been sacked days before Christmas.
York City have signed ex-York City striker Gary Parkin on loan from National League rivals Lincoln City on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has launched his re-election campaign with a pledge to improve Britain's transport system.
People on low carb diets lose more weight than those on low fat diets, according to a study of a wide range of diets.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a lawyer who was crushed to death when heavy metal frames fell on top of her.
England international Rachel Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane urged Super League fans not to be negative after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the World Club Challenge.
Satellites will be able to receive real-time data from missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, under a deal agreed by the UN.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the trade in skins from captive tigers.
The UK economy is "taking Brexit in its stride" but faces "challenging" economic challenges next year, according to a new report.
A Flintshire man has pleaded guilty to making threats to shoot police officers and threatening to set fire to a police station in Flint.
A new flight from Inverness Airport to Amsterdam has been launched by Dutch airline KLM.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from seven points down to stun Pro12 leaders Leinster at the RDS.
A Gwynedd airfield is being considered as a potential site for a UK spaceport.
Glastonbury's Glastonbury Festival has come to a close with the return of Arcade Fire to the Pyramid Stage.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the dates for the inaugural Women's World Cup, which will be held in 2016.
More than 40 people have been killed in an ambush by suspected Islamist militants Boko Haram in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Irish actor Michael Lally has died in Dublin at the age of 69.
Middlesex batsman Sam Robson hit his highest first-class score against Warwickshire to help his side to a strong first-innings total at Edgbaston.
One of the world's most important coral reefs may not be able to save itself from severe bleaching caused by rising sea temperatures, scientists say.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after Cyprus agreed a deal with international creditors to rescue its banks.
A terminally ill man has become the first cancer patient to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
Volunteers have threatened to move out of a community hall in Carmarthenshire after it was told it would be charged £750 a year for rent.
Tributes have been paid to a Walsall man who was one of three Britons killed in the Tunisian beach attack.
Pupils should be given the chance to take part in science clubs and field trips, according to the chief inspector of schools in Wales.
Muslims across the US have offered to stand guard at Jewish cemeteries and synagogues in the wake of recent threats against US Jewish institutions.
Two brothers have been jailed for murdering a man in a "bloodbath" after going to his home armed with a samurai sword and nunchucks.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows at Northside Festival in Denmark and Manchester Arena.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton is to leave the club as part of a "remodelling of the club's football management, a new way of working".
A member of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2012 presidential campaign team has blamed "people who should have pulled the emergency alarm" over a "slip" in campaign finances.
US President Barack Obama is visiting Cuba for the first time since he took office.
A fire broke out on a passenger ferry in the middle of the Solent, Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for covering up the death of a man who was hit by a car.
Deodorant company Nivea has apologised after an advert for its black and white range was branded racist by the alt-right.
Cambridge moved into the League Two play-off places with a hard-fought victory over Exeter at the Kassam Stadium.
Former Wales international Mike Phillips has signed for Sale Sharks from French club Racing 92 for next season.
Scientists in the UK have begun a major effort to map the movement of tectonic plates around the world.
Here is Prime Minister David Cameron's full speech to the Conservative Party conference.
England's women's Twenty20 series against South Africa will go to a decider at the Wanderers on Sunday after a rain-affected match was abandoned without a ball bowled.
UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill has been accused of not being a "team player" by the leader of the party's assembly group, Neil Hamilton.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Bristol was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam after the pilot reported a "chemical smell" in the cabin.
Young people in England are being left "between a rock and a hard place" because of a "patchwork" and "patchy" vocational education system, a report says.
Plans to build a hydroelectric power station near a waterfall in Snowdonia have been withdrawn.
A gang of drug dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin across south Wales have been jailed.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Sorensen has been diagnosed with a serious brain injury after collapsing and being airlifted to hospital following a pre-season friendly in Austria.
It was 73 years ago this month that Sir William Wiltshire outlined his vision for the welfare state.
Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of the Video Assistant Referee (VAR) system in Serie A, saying it makes football "like water polo".
A financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 new jobs in Worcestershire.
David Cameron should have a role "commensurate with his talents" as the next Nato secretary-general, a senior MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are teaming up to sing One Vision for Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics.
Russian fans of Western pop culture are taking to Twitter to promote their favourite artists and bands, using the micro-blogging site's trending hashtags.
Neil Lennon's appointment as Hibernian's new head coach was a no-brainer.
Istanbul Basaksehir have signed Cameroon international defender Serge Chesjou.
Some communities in West Lothian and Livingston will be looking forward to the prospect of a Conservative government in May.
The Home Office needs to be "more forward-looking" about where the limits of surveillance should be, MPs have been told.
Armed groups in Myanmar have signed a collective ceasefire with the government, ending one of the world's longest insurgencies.
Venezuela's military has shot down two unauthorised planes suspected of trying to smuggle drugs into the country, officials say.
More than Â£1.5m is to be spent on perinatal mental health services in Wales.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty to violating US export rules.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose sharply in 2015, according to the UN's latest figures.
A man who killed his wife in a "stabbing frenzy" after wrongly believing he was the father of their two children has been admitted to the State Hospital at Carstairs.
France will withdraw most of its troops from Mali by the end of the year, but will remain in the country for as long as it takes, the defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing cyber-espionage.
Schools in Warwickshire have been closed after heavy flooding hit the Leam Valley.
A swan had to be rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a high street in London.
Theresa May has been accused of choosing a "UKIP-style" Brexit which will cause a "squeeze on public services", by the Liberal Democrats.
Celtic continued their perfect start to the season with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle thanks to goals from Leigh Griffiths and Tom Rogic.
Harry Shearer is to leave his role as Homer Simpson in the new series of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons.
Nurses say they are concerned about plans to scrap government grants to train nurses in England.
Australia's environment minister has been ordered to reconsider his decision to approve a major coal mine after a court ruled he had failed to take into account the plight of two rare reptiles.
Former Olympic 400m champion Kerry Richards-Ross says it has been "healing" to share her story of having an abortion with other female athletes.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said it would be "ridiculous" to try to resolve the issue of the Irish border before the UK has agreed a free trade agreement with the EU.
The SNP's Holyrood election campaign will get under way later, with the party's new leader Nicola Sturgeon promising to be "stronger than ever before".
British actress Tammi Jumbo has called for Britain to show the world it is "the best place in the world" for black actors because of a lack of opportunities in the UK.
The number of selective schools in England is unlikely to improve educational standards for free school meals pupils in science subjects, say researchers.
Cardiff Blues and Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he is frustrated with the length of his injury lay-off but still believes he can play for Wales.
Ten years ago this week, I was covering the launch of the iPhone at San Francisco’s Moscone Centre when I was asked to hand over my iPhone for a TV news piece.
A new £200m science and technology centre in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed ex-Essex coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Women's Super League season.
Bristol Rovers have signed Stoke City midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford on loan until January.
Food and fuel prices rose in May from the previous month, helping to push the UK's inflation rate up to 0.1%, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she will not "stifle debate" on cutting the top rate of tax.
British Olympic champion Hannah Graddon has retired from diving, after missing out on a place at Rio 2016.
At least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two trains travelling from California to Seattle in the US, officials say.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing sites, has gone offline.
BBC Sport picks out the Premier League's weekend's top-of-the-table games.
The target set by world leaders to keep global warming to 1.5C - the lowest possible level of warming since pre-industrial times - is likely to be missed, say scientists.
Convictions of RSPCA Cymru officers for animal cruelty have reached a record high, with a 100% conviction rate in 2013.
A drug addict has been jailed for hiding his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and taking her unemployment benefits.
Crusaders manager Jim Mulgrew says his team will be looking to make amends for their heavy defeat by Ards in the Gibson Cup final last season when they travel to Ards on Tuesday.
What do we know for sure about the world's banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Colin Ingram says he wants to get out there and experience what it is like to play on the world stage.
Lewis Hamilton was second fastest in the final practice session of the season-opening Australian Grand Prix, but the controversial new qualifying format was criticised by Red Bull and Ferrari.
A Fifa official banned from football for two years after being found guilty of bribery has had his ban reduced to three years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in Dundee.
Photographs of the Rock Against Racism (RAR) movement, which took part in a national campaign against racism in the 1970s, have gone on show in Hull.
New Sunderland signing Michael Vaughan says his new team-mates will have to be mentally tough if they are to avoid relegation from the Championship this season.
It was a surprise to no-one but Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says there is "room for improvement" after his side's 2-0 Champions League semi-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has urged rival Eurosceptic groups to "hold their fire and not get wrapped up in tiny issues about who is doing what on the Leave campaign in the EU referendum.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger who is due to be sentenced to death for insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee tyre company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died from inhaling toxic fumes from a paint stripper.
One of the Royal Navy's new nuclear-powered submarines has been launched at a ceremony in North Cumbria.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he hopes manager Ashley Coleman will sign a new contract with the national team.
Satellites used for tracking assets around the world are vulnerable to eavesdropping because of security flaws, according to a security expert.
Actress Joan Collins has said she would never take an honour from the Queen, as she is not an OBE.
An Egyptian goose nest has been discovered 20 feet above a nature reserve after Egyptian geese were spotted "padding" inside a box.
Burnley striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Surrey's Rory Burns produced a record-equalling innings of 219 not out to rescue a draw against Hampshire at The Oval.
Landlords of care home operator Southern Cross are expected to offer "significant financial concessions" in a bid to save the company.
Targets for treating cancer patients in England within 62 days have been missed for the first time, figures show.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals could lose their habitats if global warming continues at its current rate, according to scientists.
Gatwick Airport has reported a record number of passengers in August, helped by new long-haul flights to the United States, and increased income from airport shopping.
A councillor has been charged with misconduct over the sale of former Sandwell Council's former public toilet blocks, a report has found.
Football chiefs have pledged to donate £1.25m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in Kensington and Chelsea's Community Shield match against Arsenal.
Life is "paralysed" in rebel-held eastern Aleppo as air strikes continue to pound the Syrian city, residents and medics say.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a hospital trust accused of breaching health and safety regulations after a patient died in a lifting hoist incident.
The Church of England's archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Dr Rowan Williams, has called for religious education in England's schools to be made compulsory.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry.
An elected mayor could be appointed to run Oxfordshire's county council under plans being considered by the county's cabinet.
Brentford have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald from National League rivals Torquay United for an undisclosed fee on a deal until June 2019.
The Co-operative Group has warned that it is unlikely to declare any dividends before 2018.
Nato has begun a major anti-submarine exercise in the waters off the coast of Western Europe.
A rocket carrying supplies for the International Space Station has exploded shortly after launch from Virginia, killing one of its engines.
A woman accused of threatening BBC presenter Jeremy Vine with a "firing sign" raised her middle finger at him as he cycled past, a court has heard.
Scientists have pieced together the story of the asteroid strike that killed off the dinosaurs and created one of the largest craters on Earth.
A South African minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a nightclub in Johannesburg.
J McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League 2 semi-final at Belfast's SSE Arena.
A decline in the number of grey seahorses seen off the Suffolk coast is being investigated by the BBC.
Indian sculptor Gurinder Chand, known for his rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh, has died at the age of 94.
British Cycling chief executive Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying at the sport's governing body were motivated by fear.
The Department of Health in Northern Ireland has published draft guidelines for health professionals on the termination of pregnancy in the NHS.
Exam timetables are designed to be fair to all pupils, but they are not always fair to exam boards, say exam experts.
Zinedine Zidane will appeal against a ban from coaching after being found guilty of not having a licence to manage.
A new road in Taunton has opened after delays of more than a year.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
Aberdeen's police control room is set to be closed as part of a programme to close regional call centres across Scotland.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play at his last World Cup after his side were knocked out of Euro 2016 by Portugal in the play-off.
Burundi's public prosecutor's office says it has arrested a number of people over the killing of a senior general in a drive-by shooting last week.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress of the past year by Forbes magazine.
Hundreds of thousands of people left homeless by Saturday's earthquake in Nepal are feared to be starving to death because of a lack of aid, residents say.
Cuba's outgoing president has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "old and hostile rhetoric" in response to his recent policy rollback of relations with the country.
David Tennant has admitted he "chancened out" of writing a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" newspaper headline for his latest stage show.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of its operations in the wake of the recent security breach at the White House, an independent review has found.
Gibraltar has said it may be willing to share sovereignty with Scotland after the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Arriva Trains Wales drivers are to go on strike in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Paraguay's President Fernando Lugo has announced he will run for re-election in November, ending a political crisis sparked by a vote to allow him to run for a second term.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since 2014.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern province of Aleppo.
Ronnie O'Sullivan, Barry Hawkins, Neil Robertson, Mark Selby and Stuart Bingham all won their group at the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
There is no guarantee the NHS in Wales will be as good as it was five or six years ago under a Labour government, the first minister has said.
Police are being trained to spot the signs of stalking in ex-partners before they turn violent, a charity has said.
China and India are set to account for a record share of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new analysis.
Banks and building societies across England and Wales are being trained to spot if their customers are being conned out of cash.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats up for grabs in the 2015 General Election.
Six Welsh rugby players have taken part in a recycling drive in Powys.
A number of flights at Belfast International Airport were cancelled on Tuesday night due to high winds.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee.
Shakespeare's Globe, one of Britain's oldest surviving 19th Century theatres, has opened a new indoor theatre, inspired by the work of academics.
Swansea City Council is "open to the option" of expanding the Liberty Stadium, its leader has said.
Former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association following QPR's 1-0 home defeat by Tottenham.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he can see Scotland following in Glasgow Warriors' footsteps and winning the Pro12 title in 2015.
Families of some of those killed on Bloody Sunday in Londonderry have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier.
Chinese social media users have been debating whether a teenage stowaway who tried to smuggle himself onto a Dubai-bound Chinese Airlines flight from Shanghai to Dubai is a genuine beggar.
Licence fee evasion would be a "huge risk" if the government decriminalises it, the BBC's director general has warned.
Plans for a new waste-fired power station at Ferrybridge have been given the go-ahead by the government.
World War Two was a time of immense sacrifice for black men from the Caribbean who risked their lives to help Britain win the war.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" Great Britain's women's football team will not compete at the Olympics.
More than 1,000 stone curlews have returned to a Suffolk field for the first time since a conservation project was launched in April.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have been reacting angrily to the resignation of Scottish Labour leader Joanne Lamont.
Shares in ARM Holdings have risen sharply after Japanese firm Softbank agreed to buy the UK chipmaker for £32bn in cash and shares.
Edinburgh City will play in the Scottish League Two promotion/relegation play-off final after beating Cove Rangers in the second leg of their semi-final.
The government should hold off raising the state pension age until it has worked out how to support the one in eight workers who stop working for health reasons, the TUC has said.
An investigation has been launched into the safety of a new hospital in Coventry after concerns were raised about its fire safety.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone in 1997.
Stamps marking the 500th anniversary of the Great Fire of London have been issued by the Royal Mail.
Dixons Carphone Warehouse is being investigated by the Information Commissioner's Office over a cyber-attack which may have exposed the personal details of up to 90,000 customers.
A World War Two internment camp interned in the Isle of Man has hosted a special Pilates class to mark the centenary of one of its most influential pioneers.
The trial of a mother and father accused of murdering toddler Liam Fee has been shown a home video of the toddler lying in his bed.
Hospitals and other health services in England are expected to be £2.2bn in the red by the end of the financial year, figures show.
David Cameron is likely to see a "surge" in migrants moving to the UK in the next 12 months as a result of plans to end in-work benefits for EU migrants, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Former Tour de France champion Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to cycling after being banned for life for doping.
Malaysia has strongly denied allegations from Switzerland that billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from its state fund.
A row over the use of 'Derry' as the postal address of Londonderry City Council was raised at Stormont in 1986, newly-released files show.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died aged 94.
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to become the highest-grossing film of the year in the US and Canada.
Microsoft has revealed details of the powerful hardware inside its new Xbox One Scorpio console, codenamed Project Scorpio.
A UKIP general election candidate has resigned after posting offensive comments about US President Barack Obama on Facebook.
One of the world's most famous children's books, The Roald Dahl's Big Bang Theory, has just been released.
Pret-A-Manger Pret A Manger has said it will pay all 16-18-year-olds who apply for unpaid work experience placements.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the National League club's new owners have "got a lot to prove" to gain the trust of fans.
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her short story Disappearances.
A series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the Egyptian coast has prompted a major scientific investigation into the animals' behaviour.
A teenage girl has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after a suspected hit-and-run in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh to show support for those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
More than 1,000 people have attended a rally at the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
Alastair Cook has had a difficult time of late in his England career.
The former head of the British Army in Afghanistan has warned against falling into the "trap of playing the Taliban's game" after recent attacks by the militants.
How do you know if you are about to be struck by lightning?
Lotus has been given until 21 December to complete its proposed takeover by Renault Sport after a winding-up order from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) was adjourned.
Northamptonshire and Sussex had to settle for a share of the points after a rain-affected draw at Northampton.
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says Wayne Bennett's appointment as head coach of the Four Nations champions shows rugby league is no longer solely about having an Aussie in charge of the national team.
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 6-1 victory over Yeovil Town, while Sunderland played out a goalless draw with Arsenal.
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a young boy at Jersey Boys' Home, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt while on holiday in Africa has said she hopes to help free a man who was wrongly accused of involvement in the attack.
In 1985, Fiji rugby union player Viliame Matavesi came to the UK from Fiji to play for Camborne Rugby Club in Cornwall.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Kilmarnock.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with preparing acts of terrorism.
Bookmaker Coral has been accused of putting pressure on staff to treat customers like "the gods of the betting shop" on its new fixed-odds betting terminals.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City and York City midfielder Joe Straker on a short-term deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched as part of the counter-terrorism investigation into the Westminster terror attack.
Thailand's Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha says the attack on the Erawan Shrine in Bangkok was the "worst ever attack" on the country, but experts say it will take more than that to convince investors and visitors that Thailand is still safe.
A West Midlands Police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women he offered a lift home in his car.
Boris Johnson has been branded "naughty" by a cycling charity for giving his wife a "backie" on his bike.
Police in County Antrim have said they are investigating a spate of cyber-blackmail cases in which men have been asked to perform sex acts online and threatened with blackmail.
David Cameron is back on the BBC's Today programme to explain why the government is spending more than it brings in revenue.
A rare species of sea turtle found washed up on a Pembrokeshire beach has made a "remarkable" recovery.
Walsall's Erhun Oztumer scored a hat-trick to help his side to victory at Swindon Town in League One.
Crime cameras in three Denbighshire towns are to be moved to Cheshire as part of a bid to cut costs.
South Sudan beat Malawi 2-0 in the second leg of their African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifier on Saturday.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said his country's policy towards the "arrogant" US will not change even if the nuclear deal with world powers is approved.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania has resigned from his post in protest at a new Texas law allowing universities to ban guns on campus.
Steven Woolfe has accused UKIP's governing body of "deliberately obstructing" him from the ballot for the party's leadership after he failed to submit his nomination papers in time.
Walsall have signed midfielder Jon Meades from League One rivals Crewe Alexandra for an undisclosed fee.
A Dumfries teacher who downloaded more than 1,000 indecent images of children has been found unfit to teach.
A man who liked "highly offensive" Facebook posts about Islam has won a legal battle to keep his firearms licence.
Viktor Vardanian has become the latest weightlifter to be disqualified from the London 2012 Olympic Games after testing positive for a banned steroid.
Cardiff City forward Conor Pilkington believes the Bluebirds have the potential to reach the Championship play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a Northumberland police officer have told how they knew even then she had been murdered.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative Party's leader in the House of Lords, has announced he is to stand down.
More than 200 jobs have been lost at a sandwich shop in Londonderry after the owner of the company went into administration.
The chief executive of Japanese advertising agency Dentsu has said he will resign after the death of a worker who worked an extra 80 hours a month due to overwork.
A man set fire to his wife's body after she found out he had been having an affair, a court has heard.
At least six people have been killed in separate suicide attacks on army buses in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation into the potential locations for a permanent nuclear waste dump in Northumberland has been held.
Google's chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate about whether the search giant should pay tax in the UK.
Mozambique, which won independence from Portugal in 1975 after a long-running civil war, is one of the world's largest and most densely-populated countries.
Robin Hood and his Maid Marian are getting married later this month after falling in love while re-enacting the famous role in Nottingham.
Oldham moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Southend thanks to Joe Main's goal.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of much of the country's outback land to foreign investors.
Bradford City missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places after being held to a goalless draw by Shrewsbury Town.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in the Amazon rainforest of Guyana on the penultimate day of his Caribbean tour.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out one of the bloodiest massacres in the history of the Philippines has begun in Manila.
I am a bit baffled about what is going on in Greece.
London Underground drivers have voted to accept a new pay and conditions deal in a long-running dispute over a Night Tube service.
Swansea City Football Club chairman Gwilym Joseph has died after a short illness.
Former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis has joined Hearts as cover for injured defenders Neil Alexander and Lee Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who died after being shot dead by a Taliban gunman in Afghanistan.
More than 332 acres of land has been affected by wild fires across Scotland since the start of May.
Politicians including Theresa May, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg are among the UK's most influential women, according to a BBC study of the most powerful women in the UK.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat world number one Jimmy White in the first round of the Scottish Open at the Crucible to set up a second-round meeting with defending champion John Higgins.
Prince Harry has urged "Average Joe" people to do "whatever you can do" to make a difference in the world, whether it be "walking down the street, opening a door for an old lady, helping them cross the road" or "just do good".
A planned strike by bus drivers at London's Tower Transit has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on sales of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer in the US, after a jury found it did not violate a patent.
Championship leaders Wakefield Trinity have signed Newcastle Falcons centre Tyler Walker on loan for the rest of the season from Super League side Newcastle Falcons.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has invested $100m (Â£65m) in Twitter.
More needs to be done to ensure women are not "discriminated against" in sport, according to a BBC Sport survey of female athletes.
A collection of rare Dr Who props has been put up for auction by Dr Who producer Peter Capaldi.
Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against Rangers over the club's decision to end a deal with Sports Direct.
A former member of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal with the DUP.
About 17 people had to be rescued from a block of flats in East Kilbride after a fire broke out in the early hours of Saturday.
Boeing's new-generation 787 Dreamliner has made its first flight since it was grounded in January over safety concerns.
US TV show Homeland has been criticised by a group of graffiti artists for showing anti-US messages painted on the set of an episode.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful racehorses, has been retired from racing.
Pilots' union Balpa has questioned whether it is the "correct approach" to hand over flight data from a cockpit voice recorder from a fatal helicopter crash to prosecutors.
The North East's Conservative MPs will gather at the party conference in Manchester on Sunday to hear how the party plans to solve what David Cameron described as the "English problem".
Two deaths and a number of medical emergencies have been linked to suspected heroin overdoses in Newport and Caerphilly county.
Domino's Pizza Group, the world's largest pizza chain, has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza, a German-based pizza chain.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was stabbed to death at a Gwynedd pub.
A man has been charged with raping a teenage boy in Cumbria.
A former vice-president of the Venezuelan Football Federation has pleaded guilty to racketeering and wire fraud charges as part of a US investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa.
It's the last week of the US presidential election campaign, with just over a month to go before voters go to the polls to choose their next president.
MPs have heard from a number of women who had relationships with undercover police officers.
A British man who spent more than a year fighting for so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria has been found guilty of terrorism charges.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was found dead in a disused tunnel.
Theresa May will find out later whether she has won the backing of Tory MPs for the next general election when the party's 1922 committee meets for its first meeting since the election.
MPs have voted to "no confidence" in the Football Association, meaning they want the organisation to change the way it is run.
This is Theresa May's first general election manifesto as prime minister.
Bangladesh beat England by nine wickets in the second Test in Dhaka to complete a historic first Test win over England in Asia.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned of a "very strong signal" that climate change is already affecting Europe.
Newport Gwent Dragons back-rower Matthew Pewtner has retired from rugby with immediate effect.
Wrestling legend Dusty Rhodes, one of the most successful wrestlers of all time, has died aged 74.
Scotland's farmers are hoping for a bright future after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
GPs in England are being paid to reduce hospital referrals and follow-up appointments in order to meet NHS targets, doctors' leaders have warned.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho will miss the rest of the season with a back injury but West Ham's medical team are hopeful he will be fit for the start of pre-season.
Richard Hammond and James May may quit Top Gear, but Jeremy Clarkson could stay on, according to Top Gear producer Peter Yentob.
A new bus service in Bristol will not be run on a commercial basis because of a lack of a suitable operator, campaigners have warned.
Paralympic gold medallist Gareth Davies has set a new world record in the shot put with a throw of 16.14m at a meeting in Phoenix, Arizona.
From the moment she hit the grass, Annemiek van Vleuten doesn't remember much of what happened next.
When Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura moved to Rwanda in 2010, he set out to film lessons in schools in the country's capital, Rwanda.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Luke Baxter following his ban from football by the Football Association.
The Bank of England's Financial Lending Scheme (FLS), which allowed commercial banks and building societies to borrow money from the Bank at very low interest rates, has come to an end.
A Canadian woman who mistakenly bought a winning ticket for C$1m (Â£700,000) only to discover it was worth C$2m (US$1.6m) when she returned home to tell her family.
A High Court judge has thrown out a legal challenge against the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
A ram has been chosen as the new mascot of a British army regiment after the death of its previous mascot.
Cheltenham Town moved into the National League play-off places thanks to goals from Joe Parkin, Jack Frear and Joe Parkins in a comfortable win over Halifax.
A man has been charged with preparing to cause grievous bodily harm with intent with intent after being arrested in Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh won the final stage of the Volta a Catalunya to become the first British rider to win the race's overall title.
Eilish McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator" as she bids for an Olympic spot in Rio 2016.
Edinburgh prop Alex Dickinson believes his side must win all of their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of reaching the play-offs.
The brother-in-law of one of the London 7/7 attackers, Mohammad Sidique Khan, is a "coward" and a "hippie Muslim", according to his sister, Shami Patel.
It's one of the world's most recognisable dance moves.
Scottish Power is to offer customers the chance to buy gas and electricity "day-by-day" as part of a new way of buying energy.
US Senator John McCain has visited Syria for the first time since he left the country in February 2012, his spokesman has confirmed.
British number one Johanna Konta beat American Venus Williams 6-4 6-2 at the US Open in New York.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died after being diagnosed with cancer.
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher will be the guest of honour at this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival, organisers have announced.
Families are being asked for their views on tackling underage drinking in the Highlands as part of a new campaign.
Iraqi forces are continuing their offensive to recapture the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, despite heavy overnight rain.
China's environment minister has called for a radical shift in the country's economic growth strategy, saying it is time to "shift away from the model of high input, high resource consumption, and high pollution".
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake-ravaged town of Santo Domingo in central Argentina.
French President Francois Hollande's surprise victory in Sunday's presidential election has been greeted with a mixture of gloom and hope in French and German newspapers.
Archaeologists hope to find out more about the burial place of King Henry I at Reading Abbey.
Monty Python star Bill Jones has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the Wales Film and TV Awards.
The Football Federation of Mexico (FMF) has been warned by Fifa that it could be expelled from the World Cup if homophobic chanting is repeated.
The Syrian civil war has devastated parts of the country, with the loss of thousands of ancient sites including the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae grŵp wedi cefnogi hyd at 53 ffoadur y llynedd yn Arberth yng Nghymru.
Rafael Nadal says he would be happy to play Roger Federer at the US Open, which gets under way in New York on Monday.
US private equity firm KKR has raised its takeover bid for Australian winemaker Tasman Tasman Wine Group (TWE) from AU$5.20 to AU$6.20 a share.
Michael O'Flynn's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for Crusaders against 10-man Coleraine in the Irish Premiership.
Scientists believe they may be able to trace the formation of iridescent clouds seen in one of the world's most famous paintings, The Scream.
How do you feel about cold calls from telemarketing companies?
British Indy Lights driver Max Chilton said he thought of former team-mate Bianchi "every five or 10 laps" as he won Sunday's race in the first race since his death.
A new mobile game is being developed by researchers at the University of Edinburgh to see if it helps people with dementia.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing since Saturday have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty".
Thousands of Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
HIV testing should be offered in all GP surgeries and hospitals in high and extremely high-risk areas such as Lambeth, the Elton John Aids Foundation says.
"A punt" was how one of the BHS's former advisers described it.
More than 10% of lorry and van drivers tested positive for illegal drugs in the UK's haulage industry last year, a BBC investigation has found.
The Syrian city of Homs has fallen to the Syrian government for the first time in three years.
The remote town of Mashkel in the Pakistani province of Balochistan is one of the worst-hit areas of the recent earthquake in the region.
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 Shia Muslims accused of spying for Iran.
Scunthorpe United have signed Hull City defender Liam Watson on loan for a month.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first person to paddle the length of a river crocodile-infested river in Sri Lanka.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Nick Slipper, has resigned amid a row over sexual harassment allegations against Prime Minister Julia Gillard.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in the cruise ship industry, bringing in visitors from around the world.
YouTube star TomSka is one of the world's most successful vloggers.
Housebuilder Redrow's chief executive has hit back at claims from the government's housing minister that the housing market is "broken".
England full-back Adam Hall says his side must focus on the positives after their World Cup semi-final defeat by Samoa on Saturday.
When Laura Robson arrived in New York on Saturday morning, she had been planning a trip to Rome with some friends.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice.
Alan Stubbs has been named as Hibernian's new head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the job of head coach of the West Indies.
A Nottinghamshire town centre is to be transformed into a museum to mark the end of the English Civil War.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Germany Under-19 international Harry Maguire on loan for the rest of the season on loan from Premier League side Manchester City.
Laura Muir's 5K world record is expected to be ratified after concerns were raised about whether the race was a "genuine race".
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret detention centre in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are "still probably favourites" to retain the Ashes despite a convincing victory in the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to redevelop a 19th Century building in Cardiff city centre have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 200 new minerals have been created by humans in the last couple of thousand years, according to scientists.
A Malaysian teenager has died after being operated on to remove a foetus that had grown inside his stomach for more than a year, officials say.
Scotland will have 13 athletes at the World Indoor Athletics Championships in London, the most for the country at a major championship since 1983.
A social media user who threatened to shoot up a school in Lancashire has been identified by police.
Australian police are searching for 10 young women from Melbourne suspected of trying to travel to Syria and Iraq to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Mark Stoneman's century helped Warwickshire to a six-wicket win over Durham at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a "relatively small" negative impact on the UK economy, according to a report from the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's decision not to play in the first Ashes Test against England at Trent Bridge on 10 July is a huge boost for the rest of the Australian squad.
Thousands of retired firefighters and police officers who lost out on pension payments are to be compensated.
Scientists at the University of York have described how lung cancer cells break free from their moorings and move around freely.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene beat Spain's Pablo Carreno Busta in straight sets to set up a French Open third-round tie against world number one Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable victory over Bristol City at Kenilworth Road.
A new product called the Oculus Rift has been unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Qatar's neighbours have cut off diplomatic relations with the tiny Gulf state, accusing it of not paying enough attention to its own water needs and threatening its food security.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy for the start of a five-day visit to Europe, visiting Italy and France.
EastEnders fans have been giving their reaction to the news that a new family will be joining the BBC One soap.
If you're a farmer, you'll know that rain is very important for your crops to grow.
The Conservatives have retained control of Northamptonshire County Council with a majority of 40.
"If you don't deal with the past, you leave a gap into which paramilitarism of either kind, loyalist or republican, can move."
Newcastle United have signed striker Dwight Gayle from Premier League rivals Crystal Palace and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie.
Up to 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration, it has been claimed.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer claimed he was not responsible for her death, a court heard.
Brighton missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were thrashed by 10-man Huddersfield.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife after telling police he thought he had killed her while she slept.
London is a "dangerous place to be", the head of the Met Police has said, as he announced his retirement.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised after posting comments about type 2 and type 1 diabetes on social media which caused a storm of criticism.
A new film, Suite Francaise, based on Irene Nemirovsky's short story about life under the Nazis during World War Two, has been released in the UK.
More than 1,000 firefighters have been tackling a large fire at an oil refinery in Kent.
Spain's Rafael Nadal will defend his Aegon Championships title at Queen's Club in London in June.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after a tanker carrying corrosive acid ran aground off the Cornwall coast.
US President Donald Trump arrived in Brussels on Tuesday for his first official visit to the European Union.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Liverpool loanee Danny Ngoo on a short-term deal.
More than 1,000 people have been told to leave their homes in the Australian city of Melbourne after a bushfire broke out.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died by self-suspension have called for an inquest into his death to be adjourned after new evidence emerged.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened last year was the lowest since 2004-05, figures show.
The number of recorded cannabis production offences in the period from April 2011 to March 2012 will rise to 16,464, up from 14,982 in 2010-11, police say.
A jigsaw puzzle maker who spent two weeks searching for missing pieces after four pieces fell into a handbag or a grandmother's handbag has finally received his prize.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been seriously injured in a crash involving a car at a car rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education leaders will meet in Cardiff later to discuss the future of education in Wales.
A Flintshire man has been fined and ordered to pay £1.50 compensation to Tesco after he threw a bottle of milk at a manager when he was told to return it to the store.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won the UK Scoop of the Year award at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards in London.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac in central Zagreb.
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj has joined Manchester City on loan for the rest of the season from Premier League rivals Manchester United.
Hearts have unveiled a five-year plan to raise £6m towards the construction of a new main stand at Tynecastle.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis hopes West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has put on weight to help him return to fitness.
Harlequins will play Northampton in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals on Saturday, while Northampton will travel to Exeter and Bath will take on Gloucester.
The mother of a man who died after being dragged under a car has spoken of the "dark seven years" since he saved her from a rapist.
England Women's Rugby World Cup holders New Zealand have been knocked out of the World Cup after a bonus-point win over the Red Roses in Wellington.
A pilot thought she was going to be killed when she was involved in a mid-air collision with a US military aircraft, investigators have said.
More than 1,000 hectares of grassland have been destroyed by a wildfire in the Cairngorms area of County Antrim.
A "clever and calculating" paedophile has been jailed for six years for sexually abusing boys.
When Josephine West and Anthony West formed Oh Wonder in 2014, they had no idea they'd go on to become one of the UK's fastest-growing female solo acts.
Nursery staff mistook a boy's spelling of the word "cucumber" for "cooker bomb" when they reported him to police.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter locked herself and her nine-month-old son in a hot car.
Conservative MP George Galloway has said he was attacked by a group of "transgender and anarchist" people on a train at Aberdeen University.
Algeria beat 2022 World Cup hosts Qatar 1-0 in their opening Group D match at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League group stage would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers across Wales will be given a new set of skills as part of a drive to improve the quality of their work.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players need time to "come out of a comfort zone" and show they can cope with the pressure of winning.
A man's body has been found at a waste management company's recycling centre in Gloucestershire with a number of body parts still inside.
The final list of candidates to replace Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be announced on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager.
The PSNI has announced plans to set up 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) across Northern Ireland.
American football player Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement from the NFL at the age of 33.
A man has denied the manslaughter of a rugby player who died after being hit by a car in Swansea.
England's Stuart Bingham will take on England's Judd Trump in the final of the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup.
Work to demolish part of a Denbighshire primary school and replace it with a new Welsh-medium school is expected to be approved later.
Former Rangers chairman Craig Whyte is to stand trial on charges of conspiracy to defraud the club.
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United beat League Two's bottom club Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who has been sentenced to six months in prison for tax evasion, has been offered community service.
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Gary Edwards as their new first-team coach.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver want the maximum jail term for causing death by careless driving to be increased from 14 years to life.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at gunpoint by a gang of men armed with machetes at a house in Newtownbutler, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he was unaware he had become second on the all-time list of the world's highest one-day international scorers until he was told about it in his changing room.
Wales hooker Ken Owens is known as the "Super Sub" by his international team-mates.
Alastair Cook hit an unbeaten half century as Worcestershire and Essex fought out a rain-affected draw at Worcester after winning the toss.
A British man accused of plotting to carry out an al-Qaeda-inspired bombing in Manchester has been found guilty of terrorism charges in the United States.
Russia says it is beginning a "withdrawal" of its forces in Syria, after President Vladimir Putin ordered a reduction of its military forces in the country.
Rafael Nadal fought back from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev in straight sets and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals.
A Brazilian fisherman has recovered a piece of debris he claimed came from a UK satellite from a river in the northern state of Para state.
A man who planned to carry out a terror attack on British soldiers has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 18 years.
A woman jailed for stalking her ex-partner's wife has had her jail term reduced to 28 months after she admitted taking her into her home and caring for her.
At least nine people are still missing after a high-rise building collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing one person and injuring three others.
St Johnstone were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round as FK Trakai came from behind to beat them 2-1 at McDiarmid Park.
Holidaymakers have long complained of being "priced out of even the cheaper end of the market" when it comes to holiday prices.
Thousands of prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over plans to privatise prisons.
Championship side Fulham have signed striker Serge Cyriac from Belgian club Anderlecht on loan until the end of the season.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under intense scrutiny since his surprise victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton on 8 November.
German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, whose trove of Nazi-era paintings was estimated to be worth up to a billion euros (Â£850m; $1.35bn), has died aged 94.
Transport firm Stagecoach has announced plans to invest £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada's head coach Tony Adams was sacked by the club after a 2-1 defeat by Espanyol in the final game of the season.
Three cars have been involved in a three-car crash in Powys.
Derby's Moorways swimming pool will be replaced with a new £20m facility, Derbyshire County Council has announced.
A school called Isis Academy has changed its name to Iffley Academy following the rise of the Islamic State (IS) group.
(Close): US shares closed higher on Tuesday, lifted by strong gains in technology and retail shares.
An app that can detect hearing loss with a smartphone is being hailed as a game-changer by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Economic Forum (WEF), but how well-intended is it?
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in south London.
Andy Murray has pulled out of Wimbledon with a hip injury.
Denmark's centre-right Danish People's Party (Danish People's Movement) has won a surprise victory in the country's general election, narrowly beating the left-wing Social Democrats.
Writers and fans of Arthur Machen, one of Wales' first modern horror writers, are calling on Newport council to preserve his work in the city's library.
A Dundee man is believed to have broken the record for the longest continuous playing of the bagpipes.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in a suspected "targeted" attack at a party in west London.
Pregnant and recently-pregnant women should be aware of the risk of malaria in areas with a high risk of the disease, doctors say.
The Green Party has launched its general election poster campaign with a pledge to increase the top rate of tax to 60p in the pound.
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the media.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood is no stranger to controversy, having been reprimanded for calling the Queen "Mrs Windsor" as an AM.
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May as companies took time to "work out the ramifications" of the general election result, according to a report.
Bristol Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart from the Alaska Aces for next season after he agreed a deal with the Elite League champions.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their £220,000 debt to their football creditors.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) are searching for a man who has been seen walking around with his wife's head in his mouth.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya have been freed, officials say.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who died in a car fire has appeared in court charged with his manslaughter.
The UN is considering publishing a list of alleged war criminals in Syria, the BBC understands.
A Methodist minister tried to hypnotise four boys into falling into a trance before sexually abusing them, a court heard.
The parents of a British man suspected of travelling to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State have pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges.
A ferry which was out of service after it hit a quayside in Guernsey has returned to service.
Up to 1,000 homes could be built in Swansea as part of plans to regenerate the city centre.
Thousands of people have taken part in demonstrations across the Republic of Ireland against rising water bills.
Scotland's Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Josh Taylor is a "phenomenal talent", according to his trainer Shane McGuigan.
Archaeologists in South Africa have discovered 100,000-year-old kits of ochre paint in a cave near Cape Town.
Ireland's economy grew by a stronger-than-expected 1.5% in the three months to September, compared with the same period last year, official figures show.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of a bid to become a European Capital of Culture in 2023.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named as the top university in the world for offering degree level computer games development courses.
"Yes" was the decisive result in Scotland's independence referendum.
A British national is believed to have taken his own life in Thailand, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Great Britain's women reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League Final with a 3-2 victory over Argentina in Glasgow.
Swansea City are expected to be without injured defenders Danny Ings (hamstring) and Joe Bryan (ankle) for the visit of West Bromwich Albion.
A takeaway has been ordered to close over the death of a teenage girl from suspected food poisoning.
An "arrogant" Newport council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than Â£1,000 from a children's services fund set up to help vulnerable children.
A Cardiff-based online insurance company has won a series of contracts from the Welsh government.
North Korea has carried out a live-fire drill at its military base in the South Korean capital Seoul, state media report.
Hundreds of Afghans have taken part in a protest in the capital, Kabul, against what they say is Iran's refusal to allow fuel exports to Afghanistan.
A global database of city trees and shrubs has been created to help planners pick the right ones for a city.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup with a serious knee injury.
French Justice Minister Segolene Goulard has resigned.
Comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on the comic Preacher and Punisher, has died aged 62.
Soren Kjeldsen Hoffman took a one-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Sergio Garcia and Thomas Pieters joined Rickie Fowler in a three-way tie for the lead at Augusta.
The mystery surrounding the bright spots seen on the surface of the asteroid Ceres has deepened after a new set of pictures were acquired by space scientists.
A van driver has been fined Â£1,000 for causing the death of a man who was hit by his own vehicle in West Lothian.
Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia say they are yet to decide whether to join a Saudi-led military alliance against the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky will step down at the end of Euro 2016 after his side were knocked out of the tournament.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Rhys Broom has signed a new contract with the League One club.
Australia captain David Warner has been banned from all forms of cricket for the rest of the tour of England after being found guilty of striking England's Joe Root with his bat in a pub.
Plans for a safari park, water park and hotel have been given the go-ahead by planners.
An 11-year-old schoolgirl has been shot in the head with a crossbow bolt in the Pakistani town of Swat in the Swat Valley, where she was campaigning for girls' education.
Scotland's former chief medical officer is to chair a review of the country's health and social care targets.
A Manchester doctor who borrowed £10,000 from a patient with Alzheimer's disease and failed to return it has been struck off the medical register.
Bangladesh's war crimes tribunal has sentenced a senior Islamist leader to death for war crimes committed during the country's independence war of independence from Britain in 1971.
Northamptonshire set up a final-day victory over Leicestershire thanks to an unbeaten century stand between Sam Wakely and Matt Keogh.
A police officer who stopped a machete attack in Flintshire and a man who shielded his partner from bullets in Tunisia are among the nominees for this year's St David Awards.
A film shot entirely on the streets of a small Polish town has won an award at a film festival in London.
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences after a police investigation into traveller sites in Lincolnshire.
An Australian man who dresses up as Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film Rogue One has told the BBC he is "a bit of a Rogue One myself".
Oscars 2017: A look at some of the most eye-catching moments from Sunday night's show.
Rangers have signed goalkeeper Craig Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Six people have been rescued from the River Lough at Killyleagh in County Down after their boat ran aground.
A man has pleaded guilty to killing an 11-year-old girl who died after being hit by a car while under the influence of drugs.
Divers are to search a canal in North Lanarkshire in a fresh attempt to find the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared in 1957.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze all increases in university fees in 2016, after a week of protests by thousands of students in the capital, Pretoria.
The team behind Doctor Who spin-off Atlantis have told Newsbeat why they decided to take the show in a completely different direction.
Black Friday is set to be the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, according to credit card company Visa.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has carried out its first test of the Martian air it can sample with its robotic arm.
The number of primary school places available to children in England is expected to be at an all-time high, with local authorities warning of a "crisis" over overcrowding.
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces by BP Portrait Award winners has opened in Hull.
England's Tyrrell Hatton will take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship.
A young girl has been taken to hospital after allegedly being bitten by a dog in a public place.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has revealed plans to use Lego to make a work of "political art" in the wake of a row with the Danish toy company.
F1 driver Robert Kubica says he misses racing in the sport but hopes one day he will be able to return to Formula 1.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan have been named in the line-up for the second series of BBC One's The Great British Bake Off.
Hearts have signed Belgian internationals Mohamed Rherras and Conor Sammon from Belgian club Anderlecht for undisclosed fees.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister following the ousting of Tony Abbott.
Children are checking their mobile phones at night while they should be sleeping, research suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce car once owned by Hollywood actress Dors Altmann has failed to sell at auction in New York, selling for $3m (Â£2m).
A man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a takeaway restaurant worker with a meat cleaver in a "grossly disproportionate manner".
A plan to reintroduce lynx to parts of England and Scotland has been backed by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has begun a major refurbishment of its flagship store in the St James Centre in Edinburgh.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Aaron Samuel on loan for the rest of the season from Premier League side Hull City, with midfielder Alex Huws moving the other way on a permanent deal.
England Under-19 international Zoe Tynan has died after being hit by a train at the age of 19.
A US student who survived the siege of her college in the Kenyan city of Mombasa has told how she hid under a wardrobe and prayed to God because she was too scared to move.
A man who planned to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for five years.
An alleged leader of so-called Islamic State (IS) has been captured in Iraq and questioned about plans to use mustard gas against Kurdish forces, US officials say.
The public will vote for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year in the following categories:
Harry Potter fans have been reacting to the news that Hermione is to be cast as a black character in the next film in the series.
Actor Christopher Biggins has been voted out of this year's Celebrity Big Brother after making "a number of comments capable of causing great offence to housemates and the viewing public".
Denmark has made dramatic changes to the way cancer care is delivered in its health service in a bid to improve survival rates.
Residents in Gourock in Inverclyde have been allowed to return to their homes after a sea mine was found to be safe.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be played in one or two countries rather than a whole region.
National League side Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
More than 1,000 bells have been rung at Gloucester Cathedral to mark its bicentenary.
Plans to turn a former Reading college into an apartment block have been submitted by the University of Reading.
England prop Billy Vunipola could return from injury in time for the Six Nations opener against Wales at Twickenham on Saturday.
A rail line in the Conwy Valley will be closed for several days due to flooding, Network Rail has said.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a street attack.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
At least 12 whales have died after they washed up on a beach in the French town of Saint-Etienne in the south-east of Belgium.
A hospital is considering setting up demountable parking decks above existing car parks in a bid to solve parking problems.
The Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has apologised for delays to non-reserved passengers due to increased security measures at its terminal in Calais.
India's labour force participation rate has fallen to its lowest level ever recorded, according to a World Bank study.
Leicester's top scorer Riyad Mahrez is back in contention after missing Saturday's 2-0 Premier League win over West Ham with a hamstring injury.
A schoolgirl who claimed she was the victim of harassment by a DUP MLA in Ballymena has lost a High Court case against him.
Pupils at a primary school which was closed amid a row over the conduct of its head teacher will return to school later.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Conor Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 play-off semi-finals for a second successive season.
A man has been arrested after a man was killed in a crash on the M62 in Northamptonshire.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has pleaded guilty to drink-driving and will appear in court on Monday.
French-French actress Jacqueline Lebeau, best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca, has died aged 94.
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross will be out for three to four weeks with muscle damage to his back.
Ecuador's presidential election will go to a second round after the top two candidates failed to win a majority of votes.
England will play their first one-day international against Bangladesh in Dhaka on Saturday after being given the all-clear by Bangladesh's army to tour the city.
More than 705 US government emails and passwords belonging to US intelligence agencies have been leaked online, according to a security company.
Scotland's Brexit minister Angus Russell has called for greater clarity about the UK government's plans for leaving the European Union.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his players can use the experience of reaching the Elite League play-off final as an inspiration for next year.
Great Britain women's weightlifter Lizzy Smith says she is confident she can qualify for the Rio Olympics with a top-seven place at the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is attracting interest from Premier League rivals Real Madrid, but the Spaniards are unlikely to be sold this summer.
The architect of Dundee Museum has said he is delighted with the progress being made on the site.
Hundreds of people have rallied in the Italian city of Venice against plans to tax day trippers in a bid to cut the number of residents who live there.
Two fly-tippers who dumped 42 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have died in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "potential opportunities" for Scottish businesses to export to China's Shandong Province.
Hong Kong's newly-elected pro-democracy leader Carrie Yau says she wants the territory to become independent from China, and hopes her new political party - Youngspiration - can help achieve it.
Marcus Rashford scored a dramatic late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht on penalties to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
In recent months, several African governments have passed or proposed laws to curb cyber crime and regulate social media.
Voters "lost faith in established political figures as opinion-leaders" in the run-up to the EU referendum, according to a new report.
In our series of letters from political commentators, Prof Laura McAllister of Cardiff University's Wales Governance Centre looks at the potential for the Conservatives in Wales to change the narrative of the general election.
Johanna Konta says she wants to improve in all areas of her game after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals for the first time.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League champions Guangzhou Evergrande for an undisclosed fee.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Leeds have been left without water after a problem with the water supply.
A Santa attraction which was due to open on Christmas Eve has been cancelled, leaving ticket-holders "in the lurch".
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been asked to become UKIP's new MEP for Wales.
Ghana's government says it is dropping its controversial bond scheme to keep nurses in the country.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for more to be done to make public footpaths safer.
Bill Bailey has thanked the "lively" fans of the Liverpool Philharmonic after his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the venue.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new five-and-a-half year contract with Manchester United worth an eye-watering £85m.
Plymouth Argyle midfielder Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Asian shares were mostly higher on Monday, lifted by gains in China and Hong Kong, while Japan's Nikkei index closed flat after the country's economic growth figures came in higher than expected.
Oil and gas company Woodside has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by record production and higher realised prices for its liquified natural gas (LNG).
If you run an e-commerce site, you might be forgiven for thinking all your online customer data is safe.
A new code of practice for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches in Scotland has come into force.
Rail services between the Scottish Borders and Edinburgh have returned to normal after a number of services were cancelled due to flooding on the Forth and Clyde Railway.
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs is "off-the-scale", according to the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Pope Francis has condemned the 1915 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman Turks as the first genocide of the 20th Century.
Lance Armstrong's decision to come forward about his use of performance-enhancing drugs shows he has not changed, according to people who know him well.
Glastonbury Festival has launched a new type of reusable pint cup, with a £5 deposit - but are they worth it?
A new search-and-rescue helicopter crew has arrived at Inverness Airport for the first time after taking up a new role at the Scottish Coastguard base.
Manchester City have accepted a Football Association charge of breaching anti-doping rules.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office by his own party.
Sky has apologised to customers whose broadband speeds have fallen below 2 megabit per second because of a "high rate of new customer additions".
Parliament's security arrangements have been under "constant review" following the Westminster terror attack, the Met Police has said.
Some people with a potentially incurable leukaemia should be allowed to stop taking a drug to reduce the side-effects of the treatment, doctors say.
The family of a British backpacker who died after being seriously injured in a suspected attempted murder in Australia have paid tribute to a "selfless" hero.
Atletico Madrid defender Luis Felipe Scolari says it was "totally unfair" to be sent off against Barcelona in the Champions League.
The number of Northern Irish film-makers working in the industry in the United States is growing rapidly, thanks in part to the success of Game of Thrones and the rise of the internet phenomenon, YouTube.
Two men have been charged with drug trafficking after cocaine and ecstasy tablets were seized by police in Dublin.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is well known for his opposition to nuclear weapons, but how much do we know about him when it comes to his views on other issues?
The midlands of the Republic of Ireland have long been dubbed the "ghost town" of Ireland, but some say they are starting to see the beginnings of an economic recovery.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Relatives of those who died in the Lancastria disaster off the coast of France in World War Two are being urged to come forward to claim a commemorative medal.
The government has rejected a call from Labour for new powers to curb the growth of high-stakes betting machines on High Streets.
Ethiopians have been reacting to the news that one of the country's most famous sportsmen has retired from running.
Japanese media mogul Shigeru Kita is one of the world's richest men.
Luis Suarez's appeal against a four-month ban for biting an opponent has been rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Dundee have signed Lithuania international midfielder Vykintas Sernas on a short-term deal from Polish top-tier club Legia Warsaw.
US Soccer has announced plans to introduce new rules aimed at protecting young players from the risk of concussion.
US media company 21st Century Fox has confirmed it is to make a £11.25bn takeover bid for UK pay TV company Sky.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences.
Two men armed with a knife threatened staff at a post office in Dumfries and Galloway before escaping with an undisclosed sum of money.
More than 2,000 teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor.
A chronology of key events in the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, which led to a police investigation into alleged deal-fixing.
Tributes have been paid to one of two men who died in a suspected drowning at a beauty spot in Conwy county.
A primary school in Inverclyde has been placed in special measures following allegations of sexual assault on a young girl.
Former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast international Cheick Tiote's funeral has taken place in Beijing, China.
Asian shares were mostly lower on Tuesday as investors assessed the outcome of the Greek general election and the outlook for the rest of the eurozone.
Blackberry has returned to profit for the three months to the end of March, boosted by sales of its new Z10 smartphone.
Oil services company Proserv has won two major contract wins in the Gulf of Mexico, it has announced.
Schools should be prepared for a future pay rise of significantly higher than 1% to ensure an "adequate supply" of good teachers, says the School Reform Review Board (STRB).
Voting has finished in the European Parliament elections, with the far-right National Front coming first in France and Eurosceptics taking top spot in the UK.
Mae cynllun morlyn yn Abertawe wedi ei adeiladu ac yna asesu ei effaith y Deyrnas Unedig.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not be holding a referendum on any additional council tax rise beyond the 4.99% limit set by the government.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend its controversial biofuels quota, saying it could have serious consequences for the global food supply.
The shape of beer glasses used in pubs and clubs does not appear to affect how long it takes people to finish a half pint of beer, a study suggests.
AFC Wimbledon have signed midfielder Paul Dugdale and defender Joe Cole following the expiry of his contract with Braintree Town.
The crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of being "very shady" after an attempt to raise money for a video game turned out to be a scam.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun in the city where the attack took place.
NHS staff across England and Northern Ireland went on strike on Monday in a long-running dispute over pay.
A gay couple in Mississippi are suing a funeral home after they claim they were denied the use of its facilities for the funeral of a man they had recently married.
A new virtual reality tour of Nottingham's man-made caves has been launched in a bid to bring them into the 21st Century.
An inquest into the death of a toddler who died after being left in a hot car in Australia has heard the child's mother may have suffered from a memory lapse.
Scientists have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for cancer to spread to other parts of the body.
England all-rounder Heather Brunt missed out on a place in the final of the Women's Big Bash after Perth Thunder lost to Adelaide Thunder in the semi-final.
Scotland's local elections have been widely reported in the Scottish press, with the Scottish Daily Mail claiming it was the Conservatives' best ever council election result in Scotland.
An "architectural important" house once owned by British explorer Emma Bell should be saved from demolition, an MP has said.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking political asylum in the UK because he is considered a "threat" to President Vladimir Putin.
The majority of samples of cladding submitted to the fire safety watchdog have failed safety tests, the home secretary has said.
North Korea has become the first country in the world to produce its own "hangover-free" alcohol, according to state media.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Danny Richards says he is "frustrated" with his side's poor start to the Premiership season.
A six-year-old boy who was left alone on a school bus for the second time was found after his older sister spotted him at a swimming lesson.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry-picking when he said the US pullout from the Paris climate agreement would have a "minimal impact" on global temperatures.
An Army reservist who died after overheating on an SAS selection march did not think he would survive, an inquest has heard.
Google has announced plans to develop a blood test that could detect cancer long before any physical symptoms appear.
Ghana coach Avram Grant says critics of his Black Stars team should "respect the payers".
Morecambe have extended the loan deal of striker Jordan Edwards from National League rivals Southend United until January.
A carer who stole more than Â£30,000 from a disabled man to fund a "lavish lifestyle" has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says world football's governing body has "overwhelming support" for a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of murdered teenager Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest she feels police did not do enough to find out what happened to her.
Thousands of older people in England are being left to fend for themselves because of a lack of care, a charity has warned.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in an Edinburgh street.
At least 40 people have been killed in a Saudi-led coalition air strike on the headquarters of Yemen's Special Security Forces in the capital, Sanaa, officials say.
The Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Frazer has been asked by the Irish parliament to consider a motion of no confidence in him over a planned republican rally in Dublin.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title with victory in the final race of the season at Silverstone as Kawasaki team-mate Tom Sykes finished fourth.
The US has condemned the release of 37 prisoners from Bagram prison in Afghanistan, saying they are "dangerous insurgents who have Afghan blood on their hands".
Ben Affleck has won the director's award at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) Awards for his Oscar-nominated film, Argo.
Nigeria's military says it has begun operations to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist bases and activities".
Tributes have been paid to Peter Corrigan, one of Wales' best-known sports journalists, who has died aged 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the neck.
Great Britain's Luke Latham won a bronze medal in the men's scratch sprint at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named their Pro12 squad for the 2016-17 season, which starts with the opening game of the season against Newport Gwent Dragons at the Principality Stadium on Saturday.
Actresses Rosamund Chancellor and Ros Richardson have joined the cast of a new BBC One period drama Lucia and Elizabeth Mapp.
A father-of-two from Liverpool, Joseph Clark travelled to Hillsborough with his wife, Jacqueline Gilchrist, and two sons, Lee and Stephen Clark, who survived.
A teenager who attacked a taxi driver with a machete before stealing the driver's change has been warned he could be sent to prison.
Jodie Taylor scored a late winner as England Women beat the Netherlands 1-0 in their final Euro 2017 warm-up match.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons for an undisclosed fee.
Robbie Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe, the world's longest yacht race, after finishing third in the second leg of the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race.
Australia's New South Wales parliament has voted to refer to US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug".
Former British Olympians Sir Steve Redgrave, Sir Chris Hoy and Sir Michael Johnson will be part of the BBC's coverage of the 2016 Olympics and Paralympics in Rio.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has agreed to pay Â£200,000 compensation to the owners of a drilling rig which ran aground in the Western Isles last August.
How do you solve Operation Stack, the problem of lorries stuck on a motorway for hours because of strikes and migrants trying to board freight trains?
A man who was shot in the head with a shotgun in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died.
The West Indies beat England by one wicket to win the World Twenty20 for the first time in the competition's history as Carlos Brathwaite's stunning last-ball six sealed victory over England in the final at The Oval.
Dirk Coetzee, one of South Africa's most notorious anti-apartheid spies, has died aged 74.
Six people, including Hillsborough disaster commander David Duckenfield, will be prosecuted over the 1989 disaster, prosecutors have announced.
Archaeologists have shown off some of the finds made during work to build a new road in Inverness.
Dusseldorf's famous square, the Mariensaeule, is bustling with life.
The Workers Party has accused the BBC of putting a "price tag" on political airtime ahead of the general election.
Boxing legend Floyd Mayweather has escaped unhurt after his tour van was set on fire.
A girl was badly burned when a vapouriser exploded while she was on a ride at a theme park in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after being mown down by a chainsaw in south-east London.
The number of people with mild to severe visual impairment in the world is set to more than double in the coming decades, researchers warn.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side's 1-0 friendly win over Poland in Poland will give his side confidence for the rest of the season.
A man who posed with a fake gun outside two primary schools in West Sussex has been jailed.
Thousands of people in the UK are marking All Saints' Day by visiting Polish graves in cemeteries across the country.
New rules have come into force on the way broadband adverts are advertised in England and Wales.
A member of staff was seriously injured in a robbery at a Borders Post Office.
Northern Ireland's jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that companies abroad are delaying investment in Northern Ireland because of uncertainty over the new devolution of corporation tax.
Part of a seafront in Bournemouth has been cordoned off after part of a cliff collapsed following heavy overnight rain.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Lee Evans has signed a new contract with the National League club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK after being released from an open prison.
The Conservatives have held on to all 10 of their seats in the Dorset East, Bournemouth East and West, Christchurch, North and South and Poole.
Councillors in Dundee have voted to approve a budget which will see no cuts to front-line services.
A review of the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee is to be carried out after the jury in his murder trial retired to consider its verdict.
US President Donald Trump has announced a temporary ban on Muslims entering the US from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
Australia is to strip citizenship from people who fight for terrorist groups such as Islamic State (IS) and so-called Islamic State.
Soldiers who refused to stand up for a parade in front of their colleagues have been sentenced to detention by a military court martial.
A man has been left "scarred for life" after an unprovoked attack in a Dundee pub.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced he is to be releasing a new album.
Andy Murray and Dan Evans reached the Australian Open fourth round with straight-set victories on Centre Court.
Former Minnesota Vikings player Jared Allen has retired from the NFL with immediate effect.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Jordan Dunkley from League One rivals Oxford United.
Scientists are calling for a formal international agreement to protect the high seas from threats posed by pollution and climate change.
A fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash that killed six people is to be published on Monday.
Three DUP party advisers have denied allegations made by former DUP MLA Jonathan Bell that they tried not to get Arlene Foster called before a Stormont committee over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police Scotland's new control room service in Dumfries and Galloway has performed "to the satisfaction of the public", according to a report.
Transport Scotland officials are considering the possibility of extending the Borders Railway to Carlisle.
A legal challenge has been launched against plans to run high-power electricity cables across a field in Pembrokeshire.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says strikers Saido Berahino and Salomon Rondon are as important to his side as Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy are to Tottenham and Leicester City.
More than 1,000 Herdwick sheep have been unveiled in the Lake District in a bid to raise money for a charity.
England defender Tim Cahill says he thought Spain "flattered" his team in their 1-0 friendly defeat in Spain.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold coin found in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner.
A UKIP donor has accused the party of suspending his membership after he said he was told his membership had been suspended pending an appearance at a meeting of the party's ruling National Executive Committee.
Cardiff's Cathedral Road could be transformed into a bus route as part of a drive to increase the number of people using the city's buses.
A County Londonderry man and his daughter have become the first father and daughter to officiate a senior inter-county cricket match in Ireland.
A woman who claims she was sexually abused as a child at a care home in Calderdale is taking part in a protest against the council.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead by gunmen who stole his car before fleeing in a stolen car.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from the branches of trees and shrubs in Lancashire after being infected with a virus.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for life for raping and sexually assaulting young girls.
Brentford moved off the bottom of the Championship with a comfortable victory over Bolton Wanderers at Griffin Park.
The mother of a teenager who disappeared nine years ago has said it is a "relief" to know police are looking again at the last known whereabouts of her missing son's car.
Lancashire's Alex Davies hit a career-best 89 as Derbyshire were left to follow on against Lancashire at Chester-le-Street.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time with a 2-1 win over DR Congo, thanks to goals from the Ayew brothers.
Aston Villa and Leicester City fans who were involved in a mass brawl after the Premier League game between the sides have been released on bail.
More than 600 people were killed when a series of Luftwaffe planes dropped bombs on Manchester city centre during World War Two.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in the Super League.
Sony Pictures Pictures has been the target of a massive cyber-attack.
A man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county pub had a history of threatening to kill people, an inquest has heard.
People with long-term health conditions are at risk of losing hope and their sense of identity if they do not learn to live with their symptoms, researchers have warned.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has suspended six Russian cross-country skiers from international competition for doping.
Clydesdale Bank has set aside a further £1.7bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold payment protection insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra that escaped from a paddock and ran into a lake after escaping from a golf course in Japan has died, police say.
More than 50 firefighters have been tackling a major fire at a disused hospital in Dundee.
France's President, Francois Hollande, has visited the site of the Bataclan theatre in Paris where a gunman killed 12 people on Friday.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Nigeria's decision to require new police recruits to pass a lie detector test.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be auctioned later.
Human footprints have been discovered on a Ceredigion beach, believed to be the UK's oldest evidence of human habitation.
Brazilian prosecutors are investigating allegations that politicians at the state-run oil company Petrobras received commissions on contracts signed with the company.
Brentford have signed former Bolton Wanderers and England Under-21 goalkeeper Vladimir Rachubka on a short-term deal.
The UK is to pay for the construction of a new prison in Jamaica to house 1,500 Jamaican prisoners who will be deported from the UK.
Bangladesh's central bank has been criticised for not taking basic security precautions after hackers stole $81m (Â£57m) from its bank account.
Championship side Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan for the rest of the season.
Aberdeen defender Arnaud Foster was enjoying Christmas with his young son when he was approached by a Rangers fan who wanted to tell him how bad he was.
Up to 100 new jobs are to be created in Brechin, Angus, with the expansion of a major engineering firm.
I'm looking forward to the opportunity to show Liam Murray what he can do on Centre Court when he plays me in the first round of the Wimbledon men's singles on Tuesday.
Universities in England are advertising a higher level of tuition fees in the run up to a vote on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees.
A man has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm to a man who died after an alleged assault at a pub in Harrogate.
Mae cynllun yng Nghymru wedi ei fod yn "ymddangos" fel pe bai'r datblygwyr, Ysgrifennydd yr Economi, Ken Skates.
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable victory over Norwich City at the John Smith's Stadium.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence from Sunday's Manchester derby against Manchester City will make life "more difficult" for his team.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says he has been "very, very lucky" to manage Bournemouth and Stoke City in the Premier League, as he prepares for his 1,000th game at the Bet365 Stadium on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara will retire from Test cricket at the end of the current one-day international series against Pakistan.
Celtic could be without two of their leading forwards for Tuesday's Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg in Glasgow.
Dumfries and Galloway Council's major festival strategy has "generally met its objectives" in terms of supporting the development of the events sector, according to a new report.
Violence and self-harm incidents at a Nottinghamshire prison were "very high and double what inspectors have seen in other local prisons", a report has found.
Ulster's Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland captain under head coach Joe Schmidt.
More than 1,000 people are expected to take part in this year's Scottish Claymore Carving Championships.
Mullahs across the UK are being urged to improve the standards of their after school classes after a teacher was convicted of beating children.
It has been billed as a Shakespearean drama - the drama of a prime minister trying to persuade his people to vote to leave the EU.
The UK's energy regulator has called on big six energy suppliers to cut prices in line with falling wholesale energy costs.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's Lulworth Festival.
Northampton's Sam Brookes has been banned for a week after admitting striking Newcastle Falcons' Scott Lawson with his shoulder.
Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs it cannot be acceptable that some of the Grenfell Tower fire victims should be re-housed locally.
One of the world's most successful digital currencies, the Bitcoin, has come under intense scrutiny over a proposal to increase the size of its block size.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in Lancashire.
A group of Iranian-American girls have won an international robotics competition in the US, despite being told they wouldn't be able to go because of visa problems.
Ospreys maintained their perfect start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Treviso at the Principality Stadium.
Scotland's first minister has paid tribute to those who have helped keep the country moving and smiling during "one of Scotland's toughest challenges of recent times".
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess on his appendix.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of Apple's encryption technology is part of a long-running dispute over the role of government-controlled cryptography in modern life.
Deutsche Bank, one of the world's biggest banks, has published its analysis of the UK's general election campaign.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace for a year-and-a-half in June, according to a closely-watched survey from the Institute for Supply Management (ISM).
Photographs by Hugh Kinsella Cunningham
In the middle of a busy leisure centre in north-east London, a queue of people is forming outside the leisure centre.
Homelessness is a big problem in the UK, according to the Office, and the latest episode of the TV show The Night Manager is all about it.
Aer Lingus has apologised to passengers who will no longer be flying from Dublin Airport on its Dublin to Cork and Shannon flights.
At least three people have been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir in the south-east of the country, officials say.
The world's first female Olympic gold medallist, Rio de Janeiro's Paralympic champion Rio De Janeiro is celebrating her 50th birthday with a ceremony at the Olympic Stadium in Brazil.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death at a park in Manchester on New Year's Eve.
Portadown host Ballinamallard United in Saturday's Premiership game at Seaview with both sides still in the relegation play-off places.
Pro-Ukrainian hackers have been carrying out a wave of cyber attacks against the Ukrainian government since the start of the conflict in the east of the country.
A man who was caught at Edinburgh Airport with a stash of knives, gas canisters and knuckledusters has been given a community payback order.
Tata Steel has agreed to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm, BBC Scotland has learned.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon to take a one-shot lead into the final round.
The Olympic Games get under way in Rio on Sunday, with the opening ceremony taking place in the Olympic Stadium.
(Open): The FTSE 100 opened lower, but shares in Dixons Carphone were among the early risers after its results were better than expected.
Violence in England's prisons has risen sharply, figures show, with six jails rated "serious concern" by the government.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to limit the number of irresponsible dog walkers on their land.
A British singer-songwriter is visiting the US for the first time to urge people to register as a bone marrow donor.
Wales' Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford is expected to set out the Welsh Government's five-year budget plans later.
A lorry has crashed into the front of a house after crashing into a level crossing.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to replace injured Cian Healy on the British and Irish Lions tour of Australia.
Malaysia has long been embroiled in a corruption scandal involving its state investment fund, 1MDB.
More than 1,000 new homes are to be built in the Govanhill area of Glasgow as part of a £34m housing strategy.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time since 2003.
Opposition parties have criticised the Welsh government's decision to temporarily end a back-to-work scheme for young people in Wales.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies across the UK against President Donald Trump.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who died after being found seriously injured in a car park.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into why women are still being paid less than men for equal work.
A hospital has apologised to a patient who waited eight hours for a doctor to tell her she needed to be admitted and was not offered any food or drink.
France's far-right National Front (FN) party leader, Marine Le Pen, owes the European Parliament €1.6m (£1.1m; $1.8m) over alleged fraudulent payments made to her while she was an MEP, the parliament says.
The UK is to impose a new salary cap of £35,000 for migrants who want to stay permanently in the country, the government has announced.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 years running.
London Underground (LU) is facing a ballot of its drivers over plans to introduce all-night services on the Night Tube.
A Victorian fort in Pembrokeshire is to be opened to the public for the first time since World War One.
Residents in Wrexham have been told to leave their homes until further notice after flash flooding hit the town.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been charged with corruption in a case involving the construction of a luxury residential complex in Jerusalem.
Germany and the Netherlands have said they hope to reach a deal with Turkey to halt the influx of migrants and refugees to Greece.
The UK has warned its citizens not to travel to the US because of new anti-LGBT laws passed in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally believes a new stadium can take the club to the Premier League and beyond.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a man was found at a house in Dumfries and Galloway.
Ipswich Town moved off the bottom of the Championship with a hard-fought victory at Derby County.
A slow underarm throw is the most accurate way to get a piece of paper into a bin, according to a study.
Birmingham Bears fast bowler Joe Thornton has become the latest player to sign a new contract with the Bears.
Vote Leave is offering a £50m prize to anyone who correctly predicts the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
A Met Office weather warning for snow has been issued for much of Scotland overnight into Saturday.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon is confident the majority of his squad will stay at Hibernian after being offered new deals.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb says he has no intention of succeeding Sepp Blatter as head of world football's governing body.
More than half a million women in the UK suffer from post-partum depression, according to new figures.
Sky Sports has dropped darts commentator Eric Bristow from its Sky Sports PDC coverage after he made "appalling" comments about child sex abuse victims.
A man and a woman have appeared in court charged with murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to launch an Ideas Service to help people "understand the world's information" and make Britain the "greatest cultural force in the world".
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a sharp rise in sales, helped by a strong rise in home improvement projects.
Northampton Town have signed teenage striker Nyal Bell from League One rivals Rochdale for an undisclosed fee.
A court in Turkey has begun the trial of 12 people accused over a coalmine disaster that killed more than 1,300 people.
The UK says it has carried out more than 2,000 air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq since the start of the air campaign against the group in Mosul in October.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the Monte Carlo Masters doubles final with a 6-4 7-5 victory over Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig.
A man has appeared in court after a suspected pipe bomb was found at a London Underground station.
A court in India has sentenced 10 policemen to death for their role in the killing of 20 Sikh men in a fake encounter in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh in 1993.
China has some of the world's top schools, but too many of them focus too much on exam results, says a leading academic.
Employees' representatives could be given a say in how their companies are run as part of a shake-up of the way bosses are paid.
One of Scotland's last shipyards is aiming to create 1,300 jobs after being bought by a private equity firm.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager thought to have been murdered in Manchester 40 years ago will be shown on BBC One's Crimewatch later.
The family of a teenager who died in a suspected hit-and-run crash have described her as a "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister".
Six members of Guernsey's Finance Department board have resigned following a row over its handling of its finances.
Guus Hiddink has been named as interim manager of Chelsea for the rest of the season following the sacking of Jose Mourinho.
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson were beaten 6-0 6-2 by Chan siblings Chan and Chan Siu-na in the mixed doubles final of the Hong Kong Open.
Australia retained their Four Nations title with a convincing victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A popular new surf lagoon attraction in Snowdonia is to close for the winter because of a "serious failure" of its machinery.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed 19th Century mill destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Education is the "best possible antidote to radicalisation", according to the new vice chancellor of Oxford University.
Oscar-winning film The Birth of a Nation has been named best film at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards.
Three senior council staff are to leave Dumfries and Galloway Council, including its chief executive and deputy chief executive.
World number one Lydia Ko carded a one-under-par 69 in the second round of the US Women's PGA Championship to move within one shot of the lead.
The chief executive of BT Openreach, Joe Garner, is to leave the telecoms firm to take up the same role at Nationwide, the Nationwide Building Society.
Kilmarnock have signed Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
The Church in Wales has written to Gwynedd council to object to plans to create a new shadow governing body for its schools.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years after being found guilty of smuggling guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands.
The New Horizons spacecraft is getting ready for its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani has signed a new contract with Wasps for next season.
The government has delayed a decision on whether to approve plans to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point.
Grimsby came from 2-0 down to beat Aldershot Town and move into the National League play-off places.
McDonald's has warned that it could run out of French fries in Japan before the end of the year.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his first appearance for Cambridge against Oxford in the Varsity match at Twickenham on Saturday.
Judges in England and Wales are being asked to consider the psychological impact of sexual offences against victims as part of their sentencing guidelines.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Manchester United winger Jordan Powell on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president-elect has said he could work with the far-right Freedom Party if certain conditions are met.
When Jordan Spieth won his first Masters at the US Junior Championship at the age of 14, he promised his parents that he would not return to his hometown of Dallas until he had fulfilled his childhood ambition of winning the Masters.
Millions of people in the self-assessment system have missed the deadline to renew their tax credits or pay a tax bill.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder is in talks to become Bolton Wanderers' new manager, BBC Radio Manchester reports.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Corey Johnston was disappointed not to make it back-to-back wins in the Elite League as his team missed out on a four-point weekend.
The world's largest container ship has docked at the Port of Felixstowe, becoming the largest ever to dock in the UK.
Glamorgan's bowlers proved too strong for Gloucestershire as the visitors were bowled out for 220 at Cardiff.
It would be "perverse and counterproductive" to use money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks to pay for healthy-pupils' health, councils have warned.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to replace its long-running Defender SUV with a new model.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says the club want to keep Virgil van Dijk at St Mary's.
Akzo Nobel has again rejected a takeover bid from US paint maker PPG Industries, saying it is not in the best interests of shareholders.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
Thousands of people in Yemen are dying "silently" as a result of the continuing conflict in the country, the Red Cross has warned.
US airline United Airlines has announced it is to stop flying its Belfast to Newark service.
South Africa coach Ephraim 'Shakes' Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the national team's poor form at the Africa Cup of Nations.
The Russian government has launched a new version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia.
David Fearon thought he had given up athletics forever.
Brayden Boyd says it would be "not right" for Scottish clubs to travel to the United States to play in Major League Soccer.
Four men arrested over the deaths of two schoolgirls killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Oldham have been released on bail.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Southampton midfielder Alex Gape on a permanent deal.
A boy who ran a triathlon without his walking frame has been named Yorkshire's Young Sportsman of the Year at the Yorkshire Awards.
Media coverage of climate change has dropped dramatically since 2009, according to a study by the Media Climate Change Observatory.
Former England international David Ginola has announced he will challenge Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency.
Former world number one Mark Doherty will play Mark Evans in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
It's not every day you get to play cricket in front of one of the world's greatest ever players.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte says he is confident his players will recover from injury in time to face Cameroon in the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon in January.
A man died after being Tasered by a police officer who feared he was about to set himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
The RMT union has rejected an offer from Southern rail bosses to settle the long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Hundreds of people have been forced to leave their homes as wildfires continue to burn across northern California, officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Gary Watson after a run of three straight defeats.
A US woman who was kidnapped and held captive for nearly a month was branded with a message, police say, as they search for her captors.
A community group has been formed in a bid to save Reading's historic hot baths from closure.
It's that time of the week again - time for another round of emojis.
The family of a Swansea police officer who died after being hit by a bus have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
Canada's Adam Hadwin won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Canadian Open at Whistling Straits.
The SDLP has urged a group planning to hold a sectarian parade in north Belfast to "take a step back and act in the interests of peace".
An oak planted by suffragettes 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Belfast cyclist David Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young has praised manager Louis van Gaal for helping him return to the England squad for the first time since his international retirement.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the southern state of Tamil Nadu has started generating electricity.
A coroner has said he will write to hospital bosses about safety at weekends after the death of a woman who died following an operation.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks over the officiating in the Pro12 defeat by Munster on Saturday.
Special measures at a Royal Navy dockyard could be lifted in three to five years unless safety improvements are made, the UK's nuclear safety watchdog has said.
A man wanted in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries has been traced by police.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two teenage girls at a children's park.
Birmingham City's appeal against the red card shown to Sam Adams in the defeat by West Bromwich Albion has been dismissed.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been found dead at a house in south-east London.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more to be done to allow therapy-animals on hospital wards.
Eating disorders charity Beat is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives.
The UK's top trade minister has told the BBC that he wants a free and open trading relationship with the European Union after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing their investigation into the activities of one of the London Bridge and Borough Market attackers, Rachid Redouane.
Teachers' pay and conditions will be devolved to Wales, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
Three teenagers have been injured in a head-on collision involving a car and a lorry in Dumfries and Galloway.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Jewish exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp.
More Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales than any other part of the UK in the year to the end of June, according to new figures.
Jessica Ennis- Hill, a former Olympic gold medallist, is leading a series of fitness events in Windsor to encourage people to get active.
One person has died and two people have been injured after a tank crashed into a car during a Nato exercise in Norway, police say.
At the scene of the attack on the main mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, hundreds of worshippers are still recovering from the horror of what happened on Friday.
Italian authorities have seized more than 1.5bn euros (Â£1bn; $1.8bn) of assets from a convicted fraudster who is thought to have been linked to one of the country's most powerful organised crime groups.
Two Australian men have been fined and given eight strokes of the cane for vandalising a train in Singapore.
Snowdonia's mountains are to be protected with the help of a £1.9m grant from the National Lottery.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strikes on Syria, state media report.
Belfast Giants forward Colin Shields has been named in the Elite League's All-Star Team for the 2017-18 season.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terrorism charges, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have protested outside the site of a former burial ground earmarked for demolition to make way for the HS2 high-speed rail line.
Kent all-rounder Chris Stevens hit an unbeaten century to help his side take control of their One-Day Cup second-round match against Essex.
Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has said it will offer "every possible and necessary aid" to help the Syrian government in its fight against President Bashar al-Assad.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is "highly likely" to be held in 2018.
Road closures are expected to be lifted later after a large fire broke out at a dairy farm in Nottinghamshire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a Lancashire park.
Police officers in Pembrokeshire are to be issued with body-worn cameras in a bid to improve "transparency in policing".
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa for Comic Relief.
Former Rangers manager Sir Alex Ferguson says it would be a "no-brainer" for Scott Allan to join Celtic.
A woman who died in police custody in Lancashire is being investigated by the police watchdog after she was found unconscious in her cell.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt said he was proud of his players for the way they fought back to beat Argentina in the first Test of the Six Nations.
A Japanese father who left his six-year-old son for five days in a field after he threw stones at cars has apologised to him and said he forgives him.
A pensioner from Aberdeenshire has been given a community payback order after being caught driving while more than four times over the drink drive limit.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital have been told they will not be liable for a £940,000 bill after failing to carry out urgent repairs to its listed buildings.
An Israeli police officer has been placed on leave after a video emerged showing him attacking a Palestinian man as he argued with a lorry driver.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is the best in English football, according to his former boss Sir Alex Ferguson.
A modelling agency has been accused of "sexism" after a job advert for a personal assistant with a "b-c cup" was described as "almost politically incorrect".
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, according to a survey commissioned by the Church of England.
The graves of four little girls who died in a World War One explosion at a Wrexham cottage are being sought by historians hoping to erect a headstone at their unmarked graves.
The daughter of the late peer Lord Janner says it is an "outrage" that allegations of child sex abuse against him will not be examined at an inquiry into historical child abuse.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for the violence he has caused at his rallies.
People who read "tabloids" as children tended to make less progress in vocabulary as adults than those who read broadsheet newspapers, research suggests.
Scunthorpe United have parted company with midfielder Luke Davis following the end of his contract with the National League club.
A dog, a cat and a cat have joined the #DogsAtPollingStations social media trend to show what it's like to turn up at a polling station.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit of Scottish law experts to discuss the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Aid has arrived in Vanuatu to help those affected by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the attempted murder of a woman who was found unconscious in a street in the German city of Hannover.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places thanks to goals from Joe Roberts and Luke Fletcher against Coventry City at Oakwell.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's recent poor form is down to a lack of confidence.
In 1940, Mahatma Gandhi was living in a village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh (now Uttar Pradesh).
A man has been charged after two women were assaulted at a block of flats in Edinburgh.
Former staff at a Torfaen communications company have been left "devastated" after it went into liquidation, an AM has said.
A former mayor who defended a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape has been accused of betraying the trust of the public.
American Jason Dufner will take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the US PGA Championship at Baltusrol.
A council's decision to ban cyclists from riding around Mansfield town centre during the Tour de France has been branded "stupid" by a cycling group.
Three Syrian refugees who captured a suspected Islamic State (IS) militant in the German city of Leipzig are being hailed as heroes by the country's media.
Household wealth in England and Wales rose in real terms in the late 2000s, according to a new study.
Spain's left-wing Podemos (We Can) party and the anti-austerity Popular Party (PSOE) have begun campaigning for June's general election.
Liverpool have signed Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for an undisclosed fee.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Oil giant BP has announced a big fall in profits for the three months to the end of September, but there are two things you might not have missed.
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from a County Antrim school for not wearing the right clothes.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali has announced plans to make a film based on the life of India's most successful female boxer Mary Kom.
The new Queensferry Crossing could open by May 2017 after a "worse than average" winter caused delays to work due to high winds.
Parents are being accused of "scaremongering" over plans to ban smacking children in Wales.
Wukan in southern China's Guangdong province is on the verge of declaring independence from the Chinese Communist Party.
It has been called the 'greatest' US presidential election ever.
A Lincolnshire company has been awarded a Â£1.5m contract to build a new washing machine factory.
US President Barack Obama has criticised British Prime Minister David Cameron over the Libyan intervention that led to the overthrow of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
A man who was wrongly convicted of carrying out a shoot-to-kill in the so-called RUC shoot to kill incident is seeking to have his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal.
North Korea's highest court has sentenced a US man to life imprisonment without hard labour for life in prison for "hostile acts".
Motherwell midfielder Dom Thomas has joined Scottish League One side East Fife for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions moved off the bottom of Super League with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils at Leigh Sports Village.
Dame Barbara Windsor is to be portrayed by Sam Spiro and Jaime Winstone will play the younger version of herself in a BBC One drama about her life, Babs Windsor.
Thousands of soldiers in Ivory Coast have gone on the rampage in the capital, Abidjan, in a mutiny over pay and conditions.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to eliminate the so-called tampon tax.
Britain is "turning a corner" in the recovery, Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to business leaders in London.
It's not easy being a journalist at a summit like the EU summit.
Plaid Cymru has launched its assembly election manifesto with a long list of pledges, including a radical shake-up of how the NHS is run.
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go ahead.
Scotland's pig farmers are facing a "cash negative situation" because of a sharp fall in the price of the meat, according to a trade body.
Luxury goods, as we know them, have become synonymous with luxury goods, with brands such as Cartier, Patek Philippe and Yves Saint Laurent, and brands like Rolex and Bottega Veneta.
Six men who stole power cables worth £1m from Network Rail and sold them as scrap have been jailed.
Canadian singer Justin Bieber has been sentenced to a year of probation after being found guilty of throwing eggs at his neighbour's house.
Inclusion is an important word in the education system for disabled children.
Former St Helens coach Keiron Cunningham has been named Leigh Centurions' new assistant head coach.
Musicians have been paying tribute to songwriter Rod Temperton, whose songs included Michael Jackson's Thriller and Always & Forever.
England wicketkeeper-batswoman Sarah Taylor has retired from international cricket with immediate effect.
Cardiff City made a winning start to the new Championship season as Kenneth Zohore's late strike beat Burton Albion.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death by dangerous driving of a woman who died after being hit by a bus.
Star Wars stars have been sending messages of support to actress Carrie Fisher after she suffered a heart attack on a plane.
Average speed cameras are to be introduced on a stretch of the M74 motorway as part of a multi-million pound project to improve safety.
Moeen Ali scored a superb century as England took control of the third Test against South Africa on a rain-affected third day at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is now being played in Scotland for the first time, with a charity hoping to spread the sport across the country.
Three Scots soldiers who died in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it is "delightful" to have agreed a new dual-contracted contract with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says he is worried about the rise in the number of supermarkets supplying nurseries with plants.
A diver has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty while scuba diving off the Isle of Lewis.
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial he did not intend to kill his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Israeli police have launched a criminal investigation into alleged price-fixing over school trips to Auschwitz-Birkenau and other World War Two death camps.
Strugglers Bradford City and Oldham Athletic played out a goalless draw at Valley Parade.
Former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has signed for French Ligue 1 side Nice.
Dover Athletic moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a convincing victory over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Hundreds of people have marched through Falmouth to protest against plans to build new student accommodation.
Traffic management measures are due to come into effect on the M8 and M74 motorways as work gets under way to upgrade them.
Drug addicts in Wrexham could be offered treatment rooms under plans to treat substance abuse as a public health issue rather than a criminal one.
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that a post-election deal with the SNP would be "not going to happen".
Scotland's "marriage capital" Gretna recorded a record number of marriages last year, according to official figures.
A mother who has been on the run with her three-year-old son for more than a month has been urged by police to contact them.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a new consultation on plans to close two schools in Porthcawl.
Hospitals across the UK have been criticised for being too busy and overcrowded.
A Cardiff boy who was scarred for life after being mauled to death by his neighbour's pet dog has been awarded Â£1,000 compensation.
A man has died after falling from the top of a statue in Devon.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the latest figures from the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
The owner of a flag from the Battle of Trafalgar has claimed it was flown by his grandfather when he was a boy.
A British student has been sentenced to a year in prison in the United Arab Emirates for possessing drugs.
An oral history of the Northern Ireland Troubles recorded by a former IRA man has been handed over to researchers in the United States.
Russia's Ilya Artykov has been provisionally suspended from Rio 2016 after failing a drugs test.
Watford twice came from behind to earn a point at home to Nottingham Forest as Michal Antonio scored twice.
The first minister has urged people to spread the message of "togetherness and unity in Welsh communities" over Christmas.
Golf's Olympic future could be in jeopardy if the PGA Tour does not adopt strict anti-doping rules for next year's Games in Rio.
You never said you thought you were famous.
New footage has emerged of the Sydney siege of the Lindt Cafe by a gunman who was later shot dead by police.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been sold to ship recyclers.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wales international Tyrone McCarthy from Wakefield Trinity Wildcats for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire farm, police have said.
Syria has declared all of its chemical weapons stockpile to the international body set up to destroy them, the chemical weapons watchdog says.
A "groundbreaking" therapy that corrects the "basic defects" in the DNA that cause cystic fibrosis could become a "fundamental treatment" for the disease, doctors say.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world needs to raise £5,000 to pay for structural work to ensure it stays standing.
The Ulster Farmers Union (UFU) has welcomed the decision by supermarket Asda to increase the milk price it pays to dairy farmers in Northern Ireland.
The government's plans to give English MPs an effective veto over English-only laws have been rejected by peers in the House of Lords.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments about a Fife toddler on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
The president of Cyprus is due to address parliament later to approve a bailout deal agreed with the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Two climbers have reached the summit of St Kilda's sea stacks of Stac Lee and Stac an Armin.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught speeding by a camera in Cardiff.
The inquests into the deaths of the victims of the Manchester Arena attack have opened at Manchester Crown Court.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has been ordered to pay damages to a company after it failed to win a contract to build the A8 road in County Antrim.
Mae cynllunio amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i'r gogleddol a'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth.
A doctor who carried out a series of "brutal and sustained" knife attacks on patients has had his jail term increased to a further 12 years.
Two disabled people are taking legal action against the government over delays in paying their new disability benefits.
David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn have clashed over tax in a heated Commons debate dominated by a row over offshore tax avoidance.
At least one person has been killed and another was injured in a drive-by shooting in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have rejected an offer of a 1% pay rise and 1% increase in 2016-17.
Nurseries and childminders say they will have to increase fees or charge for extra hours under a new free childcare scheme promised by the government.
Flamingos stand proudly on one leg.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman who was hit by a car in Dundee.
The RMT union, which represents conductors and conductors on the London Underground, has accepted a pay and conditions offer over the proposed Night Tube service.
The mother of missing Scottish schoolgirl Madeleine McCann has set off on a bike ride across the UK to raise awareness of the search for her daughter.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on charges of insulting the president of Turkey, her lawyer says.
A search has been carried out off the Aberdeenshire coast after reports of a missing person.
Plans to build a retail development on a former ski club site have been given the go-ahead.
Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to uphold a contempt-of-law charge against its controversial National Assembly has been condemned by Latin American countries.
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
Four men are being sought by police after a man was stabbed in a park in Gloucestershire.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported their busiest January on record for passenger traffic.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
It was billed as the biggest banking crisis in European history.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe charged over the killing of a lion in the Hwange National Park.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from active duty after a group of First Nations people confronted them for carrying a Canadian flag at a ceremony in Halifax.
The Conservatives have held on to their Cheshire seat of Tatton, despite Labour winning the seat by just one vote.
At least 20 people have been killed in an explosion in the centre of the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana says.
A double-decker bus has crashed into a metal barrier over the River Jed in North Lanarkshire.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a Romanian woman found dead in her flat.
Scotland has missed its annual target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, according to new official figures.
How much do we know about King Arthur?
The HS2 high-speed rail project is planning a "huge number of weekend closures" across the UK, campaigners have warned.
A lorry driver who killed a mother and her unborn baby in a head-on crash has been jailed for 12 years.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been accused of contempt of Parliament over his refusal to attend a Commons debate into alleged "modern day sweatshop" working practices.
A man has been arrested after a woman died in a suspected arson attack at a house in Stockport.
A tree in east London is to be opened up to the public for free in a bid to raise money to help maintain the area's parks.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped knighthoods and dames from the country's honours system.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 34-24 in a dramatic half-time show at the Super Bowl in Atlanta, Georgia.
The Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has told the BBC he would buy himself a new Death Star if he had a pound for every one of those who asked.
Championship side Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Milan Benedicic for an undisclosed fee.
A new arts centre in Gwynedd has been described as a "mess" by a construction worker who worked on the project.
I travelled to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon in the early hours of Sunday morning to meet the armed men who have been occupying the site since Saturday.
A charity set up in memory of a teenager who was murdered by a man who took her own life is to end after 16 years.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car in Ballycastle, County Antrim.
Residents of the Ardoyne area of Londonderry have staged a protest against the Orange priest Fr Donegan.
Shares in SABMiller have risen after the brewer rejected a new takeover offer from rival Anheuser-Busch InBev, saying it still "very substantially undervalues" the company.
A rare all-white humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted travelling up Australia's east coast.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has said the Scottish government will not be "sacrificed" to the chancellor's austerity "obsession".
A Danish court has sentenced four journalists to jail after they were found guilty of spying on celebrities.
West Bromwich Albion defender Neil Andrew has had his 12-match ban reduced to three games after being found guilty of violent conduct for his head-butting tackle on Tottenham's Harry Kane.
Former England all-rounder James Taylor and Northamptonshire batsman David Sales have joined Nottinghamshire's coaching staff.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says he is confident Valencia can turn around their poor form after being promoted to La Liga.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is concerned about the form of Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Chesterfield moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over Port Vale thanks to a late goal from Joe O'Shea.
China's imports fell sharply in September, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second largest economy.
A peer has been found guilty of making a racially aggravated Facebook post threatening to run over Gina Miller and offering Â£5,000 for the first person to "accidentally" run over her.
More than 40,000 people died on Britain's roads in the year to September 2015 - a rise of 3% on the previous year, figures show.
More than half of Scottish firms believe the UK's vote to leave the European Union will have a negative impact on their business, according to the first post-referendum survey.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is expected to name a strong side for Sunday's Premier League game against Chelsea at Old Trafford.
France's centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over their economic plans in their final debate before Sunday's vote.
The way fathers interact with their newborn babies is linked to how well they do in school, a study suggests.
The government has insisted it will honour its general election pledge to provide free school meals for all infant children in England.
Pembrokeshire council is considering introducing weekly bin bag collection in a bid to save money.
A California man who killed 18 cats and wounded three others has been sentenced to 16 years in prison.
A football club has become the first in the country to go completely vegan.
Brentford have signed former Motherwell and Partick Thistle defender Paul van Zanten on a short-term deal.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over Tomas Berdych, while world number one Serena Williams was beaten by Yulia Putintseva.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plans to scrap the current council tax bands.
Hull City have no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game against Burnley, although Sam McBrayne is a doubt because of a hamstring injury.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans from Premier League rivals West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a Dambusters pilot who died in hospital after an appeal for people to attend went viral on social media.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won her first international heptathlon medal with silver in the women's long jump at the European Indoor Championships in Belgrade.
A British passenger who was on the train that was held hostage by a gunman on the Paris-to-Brussels high-speed train has criticised the actions of the train's staff.
One of the world's rare Galapagos tortoises has been put to sleep at a zoo in the US.
The USA women's football team will be paraded through New York City's Central Park later to celebrate winning the Women's World Cup.
The funeral of two brothers who were found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland has taken place.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child under 13.
Plans to build a new post-16 centre for young people in Torfaen have been given the go ahead.
Photographs showing the Dambuster raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Northamptonshire have sold at auction.
A butcher in Dumfries and Galloway has created a new type of sausage.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's West Bromwich Albion contract is "over" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in a 1-0 Premier League win over West Ham.
A Russian conductor has led classical musicians in a concert in the ruins of the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria, where so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have been fighting to retain control of the city.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about the 1985 hijacking of a cruise ship in which a Jewish passenger was killed by Palestinian militants.
Hibernian manager Lee Clark hopes his side can regain the "wow factor" of the Scottish Premiership if they avoid relegation from the Premiership.
The UK is sending out a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world about its commitment to tackling climate change, the UN's climate change chief has warned.
Prof Yohei Arai of Japan's National Institute of Informatics has developed a robot that can read and write.
A Syrian military jet has crashed in the northern province of Aleppo, killing the pilot and capturing the other passenger, rebel groups say.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the head coach's job at French Top 14 side Toulon.
The long-running voice of Kermit the Frog is to be replaced by a new actor, it has been confirmed.
The family of a 19-year-old man who died after an incident in Larkhall in North Lanarkshire have said they want to find out what happened to him.
An oil rig has run aground on an Aberdeenshire beach, leaving Scotland with a "significant environmental threat".
A man who killed a teenager in a car crash while over the drink-drive limit has been jailed for two years.
Widnes can "really turn this year around" after going six games without a Super League win, says assistant coach Paul Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to recall midfielder Martin Olsson from the Premier League relegation zone after he told him he no longer wanted to play for the club.
A house has been set alight after a number of windows were smashed at a house in Londonderry.
Welsh Labour and the Welsh Conservatives are set to launch their general election manifestos later.
A female swan which was shot through the wing with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild.
The Council for Wales of Voluntary Youth Services (CWVYS) has become the first body in Wales to register youth workers as teachers.
Amnesty International has expressed concern over reports that Saudi Arabia plans to put to death a number of Shia Muslims in the coming days.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a short-term deal.
A herd of zebras have escaped from a herd of horses in the Canadian city of Calgary and a raccoon climbed a crane in Toronto.
Four men have been rescued by helicopter after falling from a cliff on the Isle of Skye.
No action will be taken against a Dundee MP after police found "insufficient evidence" to prosecute him over his independence campaign.
The Welsh Conservatives will not vote for a Labour prime minister, Plaid Cymru has said.
Reading for pleasure can improve the mental and physical health of those who read for pleasure, research suggests.
Formula 1 boss Christian Horner says he is "amazed" Silverstone has triggered a "break clause" in its contract to host the British Grand Prix.
A lifeboat station in Porthcawl has become the first in Wales to install a digital camera to monitor sea conditions.
United Airlines has become the first airline to offer cash rewards to hackers who find security flaws in its systems.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A study of horses has found that angry faces make them faster and happier than happy ones.
More than 1,000 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales since November, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being seriously injured in a "vicious" street attack in East Lothian.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona after a late equaliser from Lucas Charles condemned them to a 1-1 draw at Real Madrid.
Ben Davies scored the only goal of the game as Tottenham came from behind to beat Aston Villa in the FA Cup third round at White Hart Lane.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his players have set a club record with 25 successive Premier League wins.
A drug which dramatically reduces the risk of HIV infection should be made available on the NHS in Wales, a health minister has said.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning her appeal against being banned from Rio 2016.
More than £1.1bn was spent on social housing in Wales in 2014/15, according to new figures.
More than 600 extra staff have been hired by Transport for London (TfL) in preparation for the Night Tube service.
A fire which had been burning for weeks at a Port Talbot dockyard has been brought under control.
Victims' groups have called for the inquiry into child sex abuse at Westminster to be stopped and replaced with a "stronger" body, an MP has said.
The Daily Politics and the Sunday Politics are the BBC's daily and Sunday political programme, bringing you the latest political news from the inside and outside Parliament.
White teenagers in England are the least likely ethnic group to apply for university places, with black teenagers the most likely, figures from admissions agency Ucas show.
Hull KR came from 14-0 down to deny Hull FC a first Super League win of the season as Halifax held on for a hard-fought victory.
A baby boy who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been given antibiotics sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to her local council asking for a disabled swing for her disabled twin brother at a new play park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara, the grandmother of an Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) hunger striker, has said she would have no problem with paramilitary displays at her funeral.
Funding for the Scottish government's JogScotland programme has been withdrawn amid concerns about its future.
The DUP Alliance candidate for East Belfast has promised to protect unionists from a barking dog if he wins the election.
A further police officer has been sacked over her role in the Downing Street row over the so-called "Pudseygate" row.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End production of the Oscar-nominated film Made in Dagenham and Redbridge.
England's second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was not a disaster, but it could have been much worse.
Two men have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from neighbouring farms.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has called for an end to the "vicious circle of Cold War rhetoric" of sanctions against Russia, saying it is "not productive".
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with a row over medical exemptions for British cyclists.
One of Russia's best-known journalists, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his flat in St Petersburg.
The surviving crew of the hijacked Pan Am flight 73 from Karachi to New York in 1986 have spoken publicly for the first time about the harrowing hijacking.
The "potentially perilous state of British policing" has been raised by the police watchdog, which has warned of an "unconscious form of rationing" by some forces.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until January.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 fell 1.31%, with energy and advertising firms among the biggest fallers.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a teenager who took her own life.
Gymnast Aarran Bevan says he is determined to carry on with his career after breaking his leg in a freak accident.
Two men have died and a woman has been seriously injured in a head-on collision between a car and a lorry in the Scottish Borders.
The search for a man who went missing while out for a run in Powys has been called off.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce and Chelsea counterpart Jose Mourinho were left to wonder if it was "acceptable" to play the way they did in the 1-0 Premier League defeat by Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
The UN special envoy for Syria has warned that the fragile truce in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae Plaid Cymru yng Nghymru wedi cyhoeddi'r Alban yng nad yw annibynnol fel gwald ar hyn o bryd, yn ôl y Farwnes Morgan.
Northampton's George North says the British and Irish Lions can kick on from their opening two matches of their tour of New Zealand and win the Test series against the All Blacks.
A security alert has been lifted in Rotherham after a suspected unexploded World War Two bomb was found in a street.
A song written by one of England's World Cup-winning footballers but shelved for more than 30 years has been rediscovered after being found in his attic.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was humiliated for allegedly insulting Islam during a religious ceremony.
Some of Northern Ireland's environmental organisations have been told they will no longer receive funding from the Northern Ireland Environment Agency.
If you are looking for a good Indian restaurant, you might not need to search far for one.
Equiniti has become the first Scottish company to get a cloud-based time and attendance system to be used by the Her Majesty's Passport Office.
The mothers of two US teenagers who have been missing off the coast of Florida since Friday say they are hopeful they will be found alive.
A storm called Abigail has been named by the Met Office, and it will bring heavy rain and strong winds to parts of the UK.
The head of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the organisation is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to a parade ban.
Plans to redevelop Ashton Gate at Ashton Gate will go ahead in May after Bristol City's owners agreed a deal with the High Court.
The Liberal Democrats have come fourth in the Corby by-Northamptonshire by-election, the latest in a series of disappointing local elections for the party.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has thanked the club's supporters and chairman Bill Kenwright for the support they have given him during his three years in charge.
Newport County have signed defender Luke Compton and midfielder Luke Rigg from League Two rivals AFC Wimbledon and Plymouth Argyle respectively.
Wales will take on England, Scotland and Northern Ireland in the group stage of Euro 2016, but how will they fare in the knockout stages?
Rome's city council has ordered padlocks attached to a bridge to be removed because they are damaging the structure.
Friends of a British man who was allegedly murdered by his wife in India have called for a "proper investigation" into what happened.
Garry Ringrose has been dubbed the "next Brian O'Driscoll" ahead of Ireland's Six Nations opener against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
Britney Spears has returned to the stage in the UK for the first time since her Las Vegas residency came to an end, with a raucous sell-out show in London.
Skye missed out on the chance to move top spot in the National Division of the Scottish Shinty League after a 1-1 draw at Skye.
Gawker Media, the owner of Gawker Media, has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) to Hulk Hogan, the US sports star who won a high-profile case over a sex tape posted online.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has backed Seamus Eastwood to be the next leader of the SDLP.
It has been a grim year for aviation safety, with another plane crash, this time a Malaysia Airlines flight from Kuala Lumpur to Kuala Lumpor.
An oil painting by Pablo Picasso has become the most expensive painting to be sold at auction in New York.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them find new drugs that could save lives.
Wales' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 semi-finals were ended with a 2-0 defeat by Portugal in Cardiff.
An inquest into the drowning of a six-year-old girl in a hotel swimming pool in Lancashire has opened and adjourned at Blackpool.
A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on charges of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says winning the Elite League play-off semi-final against Fife Flyers will be "special" for his team.
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after flu was confirmed in the city.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid for information on 51 players under the age of 18 after accusing the Spanish club of breaching transfer rules.
Dave Commons insists he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Hibernian beyond the end of the season after making his first appearance for the Easter Road side.
More than 1,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a village's 30mph zone in the past year, according to a parish council's speed monitor.
EDF, the French power company, has reported a 7% fall in first-quarter profits to €1.6bn (Â£1.3bn).
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the world's number one snooker player any more.
The BBC has signed a new contract to continue to broadcast the 2011 Six Nations Championship until March 2017.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech at Liverpool's home game against AFC Wimbledon on Monday night was full of self-deprecation and self-regard.
The Northern Ireland justice minister has said the failure of Stormont politicians to agree how best to deal with the past is "throwing away the best opportunity for a generation".
Catalonia, an autonomous region of Spain in the north-east of Spain, is at the centre of a growing political row over independence.
A decision on whether a former airfield site in Guildford should be classified as a brownfield could be taken away from the borough if a decision is not made by Christmas, a councillor has warned.
Two search and rescue groups in Northern Ireland have been awarded grants totalling almost £40,000 to help fund their lifesaving work.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the Sydney siege in which two women were killed in a busy city centre cafe.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable will not return to work after being found guilty of misconduct.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland have agreed to wear poppies on their players' armbands in Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Russia.
Venezuela is searching for survivors of a helicopter that crashed into the Amazon rainforest on Thursday, killing all 13 people on board.
A body has been found in a field by police searching for missing Merseyside woman Karen Stevenson.
Somerset all-rounder James Rushworth took four wickets before Durham seamer Kyle Onions claimed the final wicket of the day to put Durham in a strong position against the visitors at Taunton.
Newcastle United has been given until 22 June to return any financial records seized during tax raids at its ground and West Ham United's Upton Park ground.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs about proposed cuts to education in Northern Ireland.
League One side Blackpool have signed former York City and York City midfielder Luke Murphy on a short-term deal.
Bath and North East Somerset Council is to hold a referendum on whether to elect a directly elected mayor.
Malaysian police have found the body of a missing Brazilian doctor whose body was found in an oil drum in a river.
A man and a woman who were shot dead at a flat in north London could have been the victim of a random attack, police have said.
England manager Natalie Powell says she is proud of her side after they reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup thanks to a 2-0 win over Japan.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Apprentice Boys' annual parade in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Burgess on loan for the rest of the season from St Helens.
The number of so-called Islamic State fighters in Iraq and Syria has risen to about 12,000, the CIA says.
Scientists are hoping to develop a mead which could help prevent food poisoning caused by food poisoning.
The European Commission has opened a case against the Northern Ireland Executive over its decision not to charge homeowners for their water.
A memorial has been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to commemorate a World War One soldier who died in France.
A psychiatrist who studied the long-term effects of Gulf War Syndrome has been appointed a CBE in the New Year Honours.
League Two side Bournemouth have signed ex-Portsmouth defender Gary Hollands on a short-term deal.
Colombians are voting in a second round of presidential elections on Sunday, after the first round was inconclusive.
The director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast, Dawn Purvis, is to step down.
England's Scott Simpson was beaten in straight sets by Egypt's Ahmed El-Bakr in the first round of the Qatar Open.
St Johnstone moved to within a point of second place in the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought victory over Hamilton Academical thanks to a late header from Callum Cummins.
A man has been charged with the manslaughter of a student who died in a car fire.
Richie Ramsay described winning the Trophee Hassan title at Castle Stuart as the "greatest feeling" of his life.
Leinster moved six points clear at the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has accused the UK government of a "daft" approach to Brexit.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he hopes a Night Tube service will be launched this year after talks between unions and London Underground bosses broke up.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing levels.
Sri Lanka has rejected calls from the United Nations to set up a special court to investigate alleged war crimes committed during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels.
Scotland's Kerry Butterfield has become the first woman to win a Paralympic gold medal for Great Britain with victory in the F51 wheelchair shot put at the Para-Athletics World Championships in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he is taking the interests of Wales "extremely seriously" in the negotiations over the UK's departure from the European Union.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs are killing millions of people with malaria around the world, a study suggests.
At least nine people have died in Japan after choking on mochi, a type of rice cake.
Teachers at a school in Northamptonshire are taking part in industrial action in a long-running dispute over working practices.
The District of Columbia and Maryland are suing President Donald Trump over claims he is violating federal law by accepting payments from foreign governments.
A police training centre has been closed after it was found to be "inappropriate" for officers to use.
Two secondary schools in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted after being judged "inadequate".
A Shrewsbury woman has pleaded guilty to kidnapping her six-month-old son.
Rangers have signed former Hearts and Leeds United midfielder Tomas Zaliukas on a short-term deal.
The prime minister has revealed her favourite TV shows of all-time as she prepares to spend Christmas Day with family.
Australia says it is "a step closer" to exporting live slaughter and feeder cattle to China.
Three teenagers are being sought by police searching for a missing RAF airman who was last seen in Bury St Edmunds in the early hours of Saturday.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games after being sent off against West Ham.
Dinamo Bucharest will send the Romanian Cup to Cameroon if they beat CFR Cluj in the final in memory of Patrick Ekeng, who died on Saturday.
Mainland media are largely ignoring the trial of disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai, who is on trial in the southern city of Jinan for bribery charges.
An elderly man has been left to fend for himself without his mobility scooter after his mobility arm was amputated.
More than £1.1m has been spent on advertising and promotion by Guernsey's States since 2013, according to new figures.
British trampoline gymnast Bryony Hughes has won a silver medal in the women's -57kg event at Rio 2016.
Labour leadership hopeful Owen Smith has said he would have voted against the Iraq War had he been in parliament at the time.
An Inverness priest is to stand trial accused of assaulting pupils at St Andrews High School.
A Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open Birmingham City Council's new library.
A senior prison official in Russia has been arrested on suspicion of misappropriating state property after dismantling a road in a remote region and selling off its concrete slabs for profit.
The United Nations Security Council has agreed to send more police officers to Burundi to help the government of President Pierre Nkurunziza.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a police officer who was hit by a car while he was drinking alcohol.
Leyton Orient missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places after Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game against Luton Town.
Olympic champion Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be given credit for her success at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong.
Toyota has pledged to help fund the development of a flying car that could be used as a taxi in Japan by 2020.
An elderly woman facing deportation from the UK is considering taking her case to the European Court of Human Rights over the Home Office's decision not to allow her to stay.
The prime minister has said he will consider the case for more money for police investigations into Troubles-related crimes in Northern Ireland.
Super League rugby league player Jamie Tickle is recovering in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire power company has been fined £100,000 after a worker was killed when a four-wheel drive vehicle lurched forward and pinned him against a shipping container.
Turkish Super Lig side Galatasaray have signed Algeria international defender Yacine Bolhi from Turkish champions Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
A community group has called on a council to delay the sale of a former primary school site in Ceredigion, saying it could "squeeze the community".
Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Colchester.
Truro City boss Gary Hodges says he is "frustrated" by his side's National League relegation from the National League after they finished bottom of the table.
A vintage Ferrari sports car has been fined for being parked on the Mews in west London.
Motorbike taxi drivers in Tanzania are being trained to act as first-responders in a bid to cut the number of road accidents on the country's roads.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in housebuilders and ITV shares, while ITV rose after Goldman Sachs named the broadcaster as a possible takeover target.
Women are twice as likely as men to ask for a pay rise, according to a study of workers in Australia.
Police have appealed for information after a man threatened another man on a train in Moray and threatened him with a weapon.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by the PSNI as part of its investigation into the Bloody Sunday killings.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn wedi gwahardd ymarferion tanio nes eu bod yn gwybod achos y digwyddiad yng Nghymru.
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of a local MP.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Fulham defender Jamie Lawless on a short-term deal.
One of Wales' largest science centres has been given a reprieve from losing its core funding from the Welsh Government.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco International Airport and climbing onto the wing of a departing flight.
Police have appealed for information about the last known movements of a British woman who was found dead at a golf course in Edinburgh.
Eight British nationals have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross the border into Syria and join Islamic State militants.
Swiss rider Franck Petricola has died after a crash during practice at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts, police have said.
A campaign has been launched in India against a Hindu priest's "misogynistic" remarks about menstruation.
A woman who died while on holiday in Greece from an allergic reaction to ice cream died of natural causes, an inquest has concluded.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old boy to have sex with a woman he met on a social networking site has been jailed for 10 years.
Scotland's unemployment rate remains higher than the rest of the UK, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee ligament injury.
Formula 1 drivers are known as the 'big names' - but how much do you know about them?
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali was disqualified from stage two of the Vuelta a Espana after being caught up in a high-speed car chase.
Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win the Wuhan Open in China.
A boy is in a critical condition after he was hit by a car which crashed into a tree, police have said.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen sharply, according to figures from the Scottish government.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Pippa Piper will make a special appearance in the show's 50th anniversary special, it has been confirmed.
Two rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat from the Sinai peninsula, Israeli and Egyptian officials say.
Australia is often referred to as the Lucky Country because of the book it is named after, but does the title still apply?
In many ways, the first Gulf War was a defining moment in the history of the Middle East.
Protesters have clashed with police in the centre of the Irish city of Londonderry during a demonstration against Prime Minister David Cameron's government.
Wales hooker James Hook has signed a new deal with Premiership side Ospreys from Gloucester.
Chloe Grace Moretz has revealed she was once fat-shamed on set by a male co-star.
Campaigners have objected to plans for a biomass power plant and incineration plant in Norwich.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married, but admits he will be "more nervous about starting a family".
Broadchurch is coming to an emotional end, ITV has announced.
Dumfries and Galloway was celebrating the return of one of its own on Christmas Eve in 1866.
The chief executive of an under fire for poor A&E waiting times and waiting times has resigned.
A new set of traffic lights are to be installed at a busy road junction after a rise in the number of collisions.
Boris Nemtsov's colleagues have published a long-awaited report into Russia's involvement in the conflict in Ukraine, accusing President Vladimir Putin of masterminding and directing the war to boost his popularity.
Inmates at HMP Dumfries have their own cells.
Jim Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner from Londonderry who later became one of Northern Ireland's unsung heroes.
More than 300,000 illegal cigarettes and 181lbs (82.5kg) of tobacco have been seized during a police operation in Lincoln.
Thousands of people have gathered in Edinburgh for the annual Hogmanay street party.
Up to 32,000 people will be evacuated from their homes in the German city of Augsburg on Sunday after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found.
One of the world's largest land-based vertebrates - the Dinocephalosaurus - may have given birth to an embryo, according to fossil evidence.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen to its highest level on record, figures have shown.
It is often said that a government's job is to make sure its promises are kept, but what about when it doesn't?
A test-run for a new type of powerboat was not carried out before a fatal accident in Portsmouth in which none of the crew wore seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report said.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died in a plane crash in the French Alps has heard the pilot may have made a "dramatic" turn before the crash.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has told the BBC that the UK's involvement in the conflict in Syria should not be judged as a "game of chance".
Professor Stephen Hawking is to deliver this year's BBC Reith Lectures, in which he will examine the "magnificent properties" of black holes.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt, the government has admitted.
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for 24 hours in a dispute over pensions.
Police in Denmark say they believe a submarine in which a Swedish journalist was on board before it sank with her on board may have been deliberately sunk.
A mandatory time limit for energy suppliers to not back-bill customers for energy used more than 12 months before is being proposed by the regulator, but Citizens Advice is calling for it to be enforced.
Hundreds of headstones were removed from a cemetery in Glasgow where a boy was killed by a gravestone, an inquiry has heard.
It's one of the world's most famous spy thrillers, and now MI6 is taking on the role of James Bond.
Dixons Carphone, the owner of Dixons and Carphone Warehouse, has reported a rise in profits, despite the UK voting to leave the European Union.
Middlesex have re-appointed New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum as their new limited-overs coach.
China's Baosteel Group, the world's second-largest steelmaker, has announced plans to merge with its biggest rival, Wuhan Iron and Steel.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger deserves huge credit for the way his team performed in Saturday's FA Cup final against Aston Villa at Wembley.
On 7 August 1947, India, then known as India, split into two new countries, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said it would be "unwise" to look back at a form of treatment that worked before.
Zambia's Zesco United came from behind to beat Egypt's Al Ahly 2-1 in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Alexandria on Saturday.
Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from music to focus on his social media presence.
A severely disabled boy is to receive a £2.3m payout from the NHS and ambulance service after he was seriously ill and later suffered brain injuries.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he accepts responsibility for his side's 3-0 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla.
Thousands of schoolchildren in the eastern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school examinations.
Fast bowler James Pattinson took five wickets to help Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 10 runs in the first Test in Perth.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the US have discovered a new treatment for malaria and three other diseases caused by roundworm parasites.
German industrial giant Siemens and Japanese conglomerate Mitsubishi have raised their takeover offer for French energy firm Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has made his first appearance of the new season since returning from cancer treatment.
A blogger who sued a council chief executive for defamation has been ordered to pay him damages of £25,000 after a High Court judge ruled she was responsible for harassing him.
Cheltenham stayed on strongly to win the Queen Mother Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival.
Birmingham City and Bolton Wanderers played out a goalless draw at St Andrew's in League One.
England missed out on a place at Euro 2016 after a 1-0 defeat by the Netherlands at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Graeme Swann has urged fans not to panic despite their recent poor form.
Italy's football fans are used to celebrating their country's success on the pitch, but their passion for the national team can be just as intense off it.
Two men have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in Northamptonshire.
Libya will not host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of ongoing civil unrest in the country.
Thousands of people have been taking part in the Great Yorkshire Run in Bradford.
Lily James says she was initially sceptical about the idea of putting zombies into Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.
Ciara Mageean will miss the European Indoor Indoor Championships in Finland after failing to find out she had been selected for the team until 48 hours before the deadline.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes admitted he was disappointed with his side's second-half defending in their 1-1 draw at home to Dundee.
EastEnders is celebrating its 30th anniversary this week after a fire broke out on set after rehearsals had finished.
India's Paralympics success in London has sent a strong message to the rest of the world that disabled people should not be treated as second-class citizens.
A social worker who viewed pornography while working for Essex County Council has been dismissed from his post.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager for the second time by the Premier League champions.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Clare.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has been released from his contract by the club following his arrest on suspicion of child sex charges.
A Dumfries and Galloway businessman has been fined Â£1,000 for submitting false tax returns.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after electoral registration problems led to voters being turned away from polling stations in the local elections.
A woman from Northamptonshire has baked a giant cake in the shape of a Land Rover engine to mark the two millionth production run of the model.
The Liberal Democrats have been accused of "political bias" after a social media campaign to raise money for Theresa May's general election campaign was accidentally named after an estate agent.
Barcelona has agreed to pay a fine of €5.5m (£4.8m) to settle a tax case involving Brazilian footballer Neymar.
Two US Democratic senators have called for a ban on assault weapons after the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut that killed 20 children and six adults on Friday.
Shale gas extraction should be allowed in the UK, but regulations should be strengthened if the government decides to go ahead, scientists say.
New York City's Statue of Liberty has been evacuated after a suspicious package was found near its base.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Martin McGuinness has accepted an apology from Tánaiste (Irish PM) Martin Cowen for the way he appeared in a live TV interview on Tuesday.
Scottish League One side Dundee United have signed striker Chris Herd on a short-term deal and forward Frank Deouble on a permanent deal.
Tottenham are close to agreeing a deal to host Premier League games at Wembley, says Spurs chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconut trees are considered one of the world's most important tropical plants.
UK industrial production fell into recession between January and March, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the fatal shooting of a group of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
Money Advice Service's Nick Hill says it is time to start thinking of money resolutions for the new year.
Relatives of the Birmingham pub bombing victims have accused the government of "a very parochial approach" to justice after it rejected their request for legal aid.
Richie Benaud has turned down an invitation to have a state funeral in Australia, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq to help in the fight against Islamic State militants, the White House says.
A body has been found off the Aberdeenshire coast in the search for missing Inverness teenager David Mitchell.
UK house prices rose by 0.8% in the year to December, according to the lender Nationwide.
Andy Murray produced a masterful display to beat Australian Open debutant Nick Kyrgios in straight sets and reach the Australian Open semi-finals at Melbourne Park.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Ray Christie has called for a new rule to be introduced in Scottish football.
A body has been found after a fire broke out at a house in Brighton.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody by a court in the southern Indian city of Bangalore for allegedly shooting dead a student and injuring another.
More than 12 million people have taken part in the London 2012 Festival, organisers have said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the history of comforters.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons.
MSPs have accused NHS Highland of having a "culture of complacency" about budgetary oversight after MSPs raised concerns about the health board's finances.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France, leaving one person dead and another seriously injured.
One of the missing Chibok schoolgirls has been rescued from Nigeria's north-east, the Nigerian military has said.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has confirmed that 900 Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016 will have access to a new online ticketing portal from Uefa.
Scotland will have a record number of Olympians at Rio 2016 with 50 members of the Great Britain squad.
BBC Persian staff in Iran are facing "increased levels of intimidation" from the Iranian authorities, the BBC's director in the country has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has urged the UK government to take "urgent action" to resettle unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for military support to protect a critically endangered species of elephant from poachers in the north of the country.
Welsh Defence Minister Kirsty Morgan is to be the guest of honour at the Royal Welsh Military Museum in Cardiff Bay to mark the regiment's centenary.
Ukraine's youngest ever cabinet member has become the subject of fierce debate on social media about whether the country needs to move on from the Soviet era.
A former mental health nurse has claimed she was put on a waiting list to see inmates with severe mental health problems because there was no service to meet their needs.
Niall McGinn says Hibernian are determined to "work as hard as they can" to get back to winning ways in the Championship as they return from the international break.
More and more allegations have emerged about undercover police officers who used their powers to spy on protest groups later accused of criminality.
Telefonica and Hutchison are taking legal action against the UK's communications regulator, Ofcom, over its plans to auction 4G spectrum.
Voting has begun in Mexico's presidential election, with President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) expected to win a comfortable victory.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would sell more Manchester United shirts than Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the next year, according to a football finance expert.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched at Glasgow Shipyard by Caledonian MacBrayne.
Uncertainty is nothing new when it comes to university admissions, but this year's A-level results are no exception.
(Close): US markets closed lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices continued to languish at a record low.
David Cameron will have to stand down as prime minister at some point during the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at 2013.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious court, Sheikh Abdulhadi al-Obeikan, has been sacked by the King Abdullah after he criticised recent moves towards greater equality for women.
Tesco has agreed to sell its Fresh & Easy business to US private equity firm Yucaipa for an undisclosed sum.
An Australian health official has been named as the new chief executive of Wales' largest health board.
Former Rangers midfielder Dean Shiels has signed for Canadian Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton.
Rihanna and Kanye West have recorded a new track called Four Five Seconds, a duet with Sir Paul McCartney.
Baltimore's police chief has been fired after the city's mayor said the focus of the force has been "too much on the leadership of the department and not enough on the crime fighting".
An increase in the number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane is "not a cause for concern", experts say, despite concerns about its potential side-effects.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters of the former Shining Path rebel group who had been operating in the country's Amazon region.
Organisers of the CarFest have decided to carry on with the event despite the death of a pilot who crashed into a field during a display of the Folland Gnat.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan, Afghan officials say.
US President Donald Trump is set to make a major national security speech on Tuesday night, in which he is expected to announce his decision on the war in Afghanistan.
(Close): The FTSE 100 rose to a fresh record high on Tuesday, boosted by positive economic data from the US and Europe.
Ricky Burns could scarcely have scripted his victory over Michele Di Rocco better.
Myanmar's military has denied allegations it carried out "crimes against humanity" against the Muslim Rohingya Muslim minority during a crackdown in northern Rakhine state in February.
Victims' rights are being ignored in England and Wales, the victims commissioner has said.
An Australian author has won the prestigious Windham-Campbell Prize for Non-Fiction, after receiving an email saying she had been shortlisted for the award.
A 102-year-old German woman has finally been awarded her doctorate, 80 years after it was stolen from her by the Nazis.
Stoke City have signed Fulham midfielder Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A woman has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a suspected hit-and-run crash in Aberdeenshire.
The number of homes repossessed in England and Wales fell in the second quarter of the year, according to figures from mortgage lenders.
Labour held on to hold on to Neath Port Talbot in the general election held on 8 June.
The leader of Melton Mowbray Council says cuts to central government funding are "chaotic" and "doesn't reflect real need".
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel company is to stop offering trips to traditional zoos, saying they are "relatives of the past" and "no longer relevant".
Lionel Richie has announced he is to headline a series of shows in Las Vegas in 2016.
Anglers are being asked to be more responsible after a number of birds were injured while fishing at a country park in East Sussex.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand will live long in the memory.
Vigilante groups should not be tackling paedophiles who pose a real risk to children, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must "respond quickly" to their 2-0 Premier League defeat by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium.
About 1,000 tonnes of recycled wood chip has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack at a recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council has said it will carry out urgent repairs to public toilets in Uig and Skye after complaints of people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae ei bod wedi ei chaethiwo o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind, yn ôl cyfnod y Nadolig.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new contract with the Elite League champions.
Moeen Ali scored a career-best century as England took control of the second Test against West Indies with a superb batting display on day four at Leeds.
News Corp chief executive Rupert Murdoch has been branded "not fit and proper" to hold a broadcasting licence by MPs after an inquiry into phone hacking at the News International newspaper.
The parents of a couple who died from cancer within days of each other have spoken of the "horrifying" way their lives came to an end.
Talks aimed at ending a long-running dispute over pay and conditions on the Southern rail network have been adjourned until January.
Mae Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
A jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has been discharged after the judge said he was sorry for any inconvenience caused to jurors.
Sweden's experiment to see if six-hour working days can improve the well-being of its workforce has sparked debate about whether to cut back the standard 40-hour week.
Petrochemical company Ineos has said it is a step closer to bringing its Grangemouth petrochemical plant back into profitability.
League One side Plymouth Argyle have signed defender Luke Murphy on loan from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion until January.
The family of a baby girl who has a rare form of meningococcal septicaemia are raising money to pay for her medical treatment.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a short-term deal.
The operator of the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan says it plans to bring the site to cold shutdown within nine months of the earthquake and tsunami that brought it to a halt in March.
Liberty House, the owner of the Port Talbot steelworks, is to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's UK operations, the BBC understands.
The Vatican has not yet responded to a French request to appoint a gay man as its new ambassador to the Vatican.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties to set up a Scottish Cup final against Celtic after a 3-2 aggregate win in the Hampden Park decider.
Tributes have been paid to a "quiet, innocent little boy" who died from "blunt force trauma", his family has said.
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year, is suing Porsche over his death.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto has pledged to help to survivors of Tuesday's deadly explosions at a fireworks market in the northern state of Michoacan.
Scientists say they are a step closer to developing a universal flu vaccine after promising results in mice and monkeys.
A review into the state of readiness of inquests into some of Northern Ireland's most controversial killings has begun.
More than 2,000 people were killed when a tsunami hit the Indian Ocean island of Kosala, off the coast of southern Sri Lanka on 26 August 2004.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has said he would be prepared to accept a four-year ban on EU migrants claiming in-work benefits, if the prime minister sticks to his pledge.
Fans and critics have been reacting to the world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, with many saying it was "amazing" and "gorgeous".
Inmates are being kept in "inhumane" cells and the safety of prison staff and prisoners is being put at risk, inspectors have said.
US President Donald Trump has appointed his daughter Ivanka as a senior White House adviser.
A village pub in Northamptonshire has been bought by a group of villagers who hoped to turn it into a free house.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to do more to protect black people from racism on the site.
How much would the M4 Black Route improve the Welsh economy, and how much would it harm it?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the European Road Championships in Denmark.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's 1-1 Euro 2016 warm-up draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City with a convincing 6-1 win at Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve sweeping new powers for the police, including the right to use force against masked protesters.
A campaign has been launched to save a London apartment once owned by Dylan Thomas from being demolished by the owners of the Hotel Chelsea.
At the top of Manhattan's West Side Highway, in New York City, in the shadow of the skyscrapers that once stood high above Central Park, the New York skyline is a sea of concrete and concrete.
Lego has come under fire for asking customers what they want to do with the bricks it makes - but has it changed its policy after criticism from Chinese artist Ai Weiwei?
More than 50 people have been arrested as part of an investigation into suspected match-fixing in the Italian Serie A and B football leagues.
Welsh health boards are being asked to show "real progress" in reducing the inappropriate use of drugs in care homes, the health commissioner for Wales has said.
The year of 2013 was an eventful one for Northern Ireland, with a number of high-profile events taking place.
Birmingham City midfielder Jake Cooper has been recalled from his loan spell by National League side Braintree Town.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing a technology rich environment in schools.
Police searching for a missing woman from Conwy county have said they are carrying out house-to-house inquiries.
The use of force in some incidents at a prison may have been "unjustified", a report has found.
Russia has said its forces in Syria have seized key areas around the ancient city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
A man suspected of shooting dead eight people in the US city of Phoenix, Arizona, has been charged with 26 additional felonies, police say.
Iran's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has defended his country's participation in the Syrian peace process, saying: "We did not sell out the political future of Syria."
Children with a peanut allergy could tolerate peanut protein for the first time, a study suggests.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have clashed over how to tackle extremism, with Labour accusing them of indulging in a "public blame game".
The mead of the past is brewing again in the US, thanks to a growing number of craft breweries and distilleries.
Work to close the Winchburgh Tunnel is set to cause major disruption to train services on the Edinburgh to Glasgow main line.
Tributes are to be paid to a British man who died in the Tunisian beach attack.
A body has been found in a harbour in Dumfries and Galloway.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned that a second general election before Christmas would be a "shambles" if Labour and the Conservatives "staggered through with a messy and unstable minority government".
A Suffolk nature reserve which is home to one of the UK's largest seabird colonies has reopened to the public after a major redevelopment.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games after being sent off at Southampton for elbowing Harry Arter in the face.
There has long been criticism of the way Northern Ireland's parliamentary system works, with calls from both sides of the political debate for it to be reformed.
A military museum in Dorset is to use a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele says he is happy to be at Celtic and hopes to stay at the club for "10 years or 20 years".
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon praised his team's "brave" comeback to beat Rangers at Ibrox in the Scottish Premiership.
An investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin, who is serving a life sentence for murdering three women, is to be scaled back.
Nottinghamshire's Billy Root hit a century to help his side beat Warwickshire by 10 runs in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A Muslim teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been barred from boarding a US flight with a group of his pupils on a school trip because of his nationality.
Two brothers recruited family friends to help raise money for their brother who travelled to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS), a court has heard.
A proposal for a single percentage affordable housing contribution scheme across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig moved level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich thanks to a 2-1 win over Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a Snowdonia mountain.
Liam Halkett scored a stunning late winner as Livingston came from behind to beat Scottish Premiership leaders Rangers at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan have donated signed shirts to a football club in memory of a former player who was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being threatened with a knife and robbed at gunpoint at a bus stop.
Josh Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town and move level on points with National League leaders Forest Green.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad to face Italy in the Six Nations opener at Twickenham on Saturday after recovering from injury.
South Africa made a winning start to their women's one-day international series against Ireland with a seven-wicket victory in Johannesburg.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption in Southend after heavy rain caused a restaurant roof to collapse and a seafront amusement arcade to close.
Kirsty Seifert, a nurse from the Philippines, has become the country's first woman to be crowned Miss Earth, after winning the national Miss Earth title in 2009.
Ebbsfleet twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said the Philippines will maintain all military alliances because "they say we need it for our defence".
AMs will expect the UK government to respect the Sewel Convention and listen to their views on Brexit, the Welsh government's top lawyer has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice on his return from injury as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as a possible name for a new polar research vessel being built in 2019.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Premier League rivals Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The Mayor of London is to carry out a strategic review of the city's police, fire and security services in light of the recent terror attacks in Manchester and Brussels.
A hand-written note from the British and Canadian army declaring the end of World War Two has been put up for auction.
Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed by David Cameron as the UK's new culture secretary.
Police in Bulgaria have stopped people from entering the sea after a British man was swept out to sea while staying at a holiday resort.
Actress Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award.
The NSPCC has called for a "more joined up approach" to provide help for victims of sexual abuse after a rise in reports of abuse in Devon and Cornwall.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked by the League One club "forthwith" after being arrested on suspicion of match-fixing.
"I'm feeling the joints," says the vet.
Nigel Farage has said the momentum is "on the UK's side" ahead of a referendum on whether to stay in the European Union.
It used to be that the United States was the world's dominant power.
Italian Serie B side Parma have been placed into administration after no new offers were made for the club.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has resigned from his cabinet after a row over a remark he made at a campaign rally in July.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to co-host the new series of The X Factor, ITV has announced.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a reduction in the speed limit on a road where a man died after being hit by a car.
Part of the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster has reopened after a fire broke out at a factory in the town.
A British backpacker has died after falling from a moving train in Thailand, police have said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would be disappointed if his side continue to concede late goals in the Premier League next season.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola hopes midfielder Samir Nasri will return from injury in the next two weeks.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Nana Akufo-Addo has won Ghana's hotly contested presidential election.
Police in Zimbabwe have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse a large crowd of people protesting against President Robert Mugabe's government in the capital, Harare.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time since their last title in 2008, and they have done it with a record number of games unbeaten.
At least 20 people have been injured in a suspected gas explosion in southern Spain, including a celebrity chef who was injured himself, local media report.
A businessman has gone on trial at the Old Bailey accused of passing off horsemeat as beef.
India's biometric identity database will be the largest in the world when it is fully operational in 2014.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches carried out in the UK may be swept up in the same way as searches by the UK's GCHQ spy agency, it has been revealed.
Craig Evans won the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden in front of team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in Syria to try to bring an end to the country's civil war, but rebels have rejected the plan.
A bubble tea chain has promised to pay its trainees at least the minimum wage after a backlash over its "free" training contract.
Exeter moved to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Wasps at the Ricoh Arena.
A jury in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the murder trial of a man who was shot dead in front of a witness.
Welsh Labour ministers have said they will vote for Yvette Cooper as the party's new leader.
Politicians should be "carefully aware" of the impact of their words and policies on public opinion following the UK's EU referendum, a leading equality body has said.
Mudlarking is a new form of treasure-hunting that has taken off in London, with treasure hunters scouring the banks of the River Thames for artefacts from the city's past.
Thousands of young people in England are being admitted to A&E units with mental health problems, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has been accused of "censorship" after calling for all newsagents and vendors to stop selling The Sun.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a six-year-old girl who died after being hit by a car.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol and the surrounding area are being reviewed by the competition regulator.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels bombings and the Paris attacks show that "fear and death and terror are not the last words".
A US Navy warship has been targeted by Houthi missiles fired from Yemen but no-one was injured or damaged, US officials say.
The government's plans to change the way disabled people are measured in benefits will be enshrined in law, ministers have said.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad despite having strengthened the back-line and front-line.
Mark Molesley scored a late winner as League Two Aldershot Town beat League Two Portsmouth 1-0 in the FA Cup third round replay at Fratton Park.
An album of signatures from RAF airmen who took part in the Dambusters raid on the Ruhr dams in Germany in World War Two has been sold at auction.
The head of the Welsh Government's bovine TB eradication programme has said she is proud of the progress being made in tackling the disease.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested as part of the phone-hacking inquiry into the News of the World newspaper.
The Church in Wales has accused Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising the partnership" over plans for a new school campus in Conwy county.
Tunisia's TP Mazembe beat Algeria's JS Kabylie 3-1 on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup.
A rights group says it has evidence that Malian soldiers have carried out summary executions of ethnic Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs in the west of the country.
Notts County Ladies have sold England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Greenwood to Liverpool Ladies for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match at the Hockey Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues survived a late Newport Gwent Dragons fightback to reach the Challenge Cup semi-finals.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to uphold the country's independence from the former military junta of which he was a member.
Jewellery worth more than Â£30,000 has been stolen from a shop in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who was jailed for falsifying clinical trials has failed to appeal against a decision to strike him from the medical register.
New Zealand's Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson starred with the bat as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets to level the one-day international series in Hamilton.
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working condition.
About 250 jobs are to go at Tata Steel's Llanwern plant in Newport, it has been confirmed.
Britain's Lizzie Cave won the Ironman World Championship for the first time with a superb display at the World Triathlon Series event in Hawaii.
Former British Prime Minister David Cameron has spoken publicly for the first time since the end of World War Two about his involvement in the conflict in Iraq.
Cambridge United have signed midfielder Joe Guthrie from National League rivals Colchester United for an undisclosed fee.
British boxer Kell Brook says beating middleweight king Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as Ferrari missed out on a place in the top 10.
Michael Evans has moved to the top of the Manx Grand Prix leaderboard after Friday's first practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why plans to boost BHS's pension scheme were not approved by the regulator before it was sold.
The family of a man who died after being shot in the leg during the Troubles in 1971 have criticised the delay in exhuming a bullet from his body.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with a 2-0 win over Arsenal, while Arsenal were held to a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
Richard Hammond says he is "back in action soon" after breaking his knee in a high-speed crash while filming for The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by 48.9% to 51.1%.
The convener of the Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning amid a row over the running of common grazings on the Western Isles.
A man has been fined Â£144,000 after admitting the manslaughter of a Polish man who fell to his death from a warehouse roof.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Hundreds of thousands of relatives of mothers who give up work while caring for their children could be eligible for extra National Insurance (NI) credits, according to a pensions expert.
Work has begun on a new surf park on the Dorset coast.
Airlines in Nigeria are pulling out of the country because of a shortage of foreign currency.
Aston Villa have signed Republic of Ireland striker Timo Kozak from Belgian club Anderlecht for an undisclosed fee.
A new law banning cigarettes from being sold in shops in Wales has come into effect.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has named Burnley boss Sean Dyche as his "top three" Premier League managers of the season.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) with a range of about 10,000km (6,700 miles), the US military says.
Scotland defender Chris Martin hopes Saturday's Euro 2016 warm-up match against the French in Metz will be a chance for the squad to show how good they can be.
An Australian judge has ruled that anti-abortion campaigner Troy Newman's visa should be reinstated after he lost an appeal against deportation from the US.
Jon Stewart, the host of Comedy Central's satirical news show The Daily Show, has died at the age of 62.
David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Carmarthenshire council.
England wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with Lancashire.
Star Wars composer John Williams will be honoured at this year's BBC Proms in London.
The SNP has retained overall control of 59 of Scotland's 59 local councils after winning 32% of the first preference votes in last week's local elections, official results show.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul need to ensure civilians are not killed in the battle for the western part of the city, the UN says.
Gusts of wind could cause "significant disruption" to travel in parts of north Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
US researchers have shown off two new ways of making flexible rubber skins that could be used to make robots and artificial limbs.
Councillors in the Scottish Borders are being asked to approve a review of the region's school estate.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle moved into second place in the Scottish Championship with victory over Ayr United.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after falling from a motorbike.
Paul St Aubyn has won the 2014 Wodehouse Prize for his satirical novel Lost for Words, which was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
The Women's Rugby World Cup starts with England's Group A opener against New Zealand at Twickenham on Saturday, 14 November.
California used more water in July than it had used in any month since a drought emergency was declared in June, official figures show.
A male lion that escaped from a national park in South Africa twice and went on a sheep-killing spree has been captured for the first time.
An Islamic centre in Florida has been barred from serving as a polling station for the US presidential election after complaints from some residents that it discriminated against Muslims.
Universities across the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute over pay.
China has arrested several people suspected of spreading "seditious rumours" about the recent stock market slump after the Tianjin blasts, state media says.
The world's oceans could become more acidic than at any time in geological history, according to a major new study.
Nick Cave's son died after falling from a Brighton cliff while taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
Uncertainty over the UK's EU referendum could have "consequences for economic and financial conditions in global financial markets", the chair of the US central bank has said.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey as he won a time trial on stage 13 of the Tour de France in the wake of the deadly attack in Nice.
A Glasgow bus driver who died in the city's bin lorry crash should have been examined by a doctor after a previous blackout, a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices of the past" in a row over the detention of a German-Turkish journalist.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh have announced the departure of Scotland back-row forward Alex Fife and Australia centre Matt Toolis as they become the latest players to leave the Pro12 club.
At least 40 people have been killed in a series of explosions in the Yemeni city of Aden, near the Saudi-led coalition fighting Shia Houthi rebels, officials say.
Athletics chiefs have agreed a deal with the BBC to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings from 2017 to 2020.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's new parliament, the president has said.
An 11-year-old American boy has become the youngest champion of the World Spelling Bee, the world's largest spelling competition.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new deal with the League One club.
Pupils are posting "vile" online insults about teachers in England and Wales, a teachers' union has warned.
A Canadian mother has praised her six-year-old son for saving the lives of her family from a house fire.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in the running to become the new manager of Swindon Town.
David Carswell has died after a motorcycle crash at the Andreas Grand Prix in Northamptonshire.
Russia has "categorically denied" claims it carried out cyber attacks during the US election.
American Apparel's former chief executive, Dov Charney, violated the company's sexual harassment and anti-discrimination policy, its board has said in court papers.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who died after falling from a Paris rooftop while practising parkour.
More than 1,000 people have been left homeless after a series of earthquakes in China's Gansu province, officials say.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with a comfortable win at Burton Albion.
A rising number of homeless people are coming from the private rented sector, according to new figures from Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn about a fight at London's O2 Arena.
Amsterdam has become the first city in the world to adopt the "Cardiff model" for tackling alcohol-related violence.
Google's recent announcement about artificial intelligence (AI) has been widely anticipated, but it's still a bit of a surprise that it's happened at all.
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
German eventer Thomas Jung became the first rider to win the Badminton Grand Slam as he rode La Biosthetique to victory in the eventing eventing competition.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary of independence from the Republic of China, the BBC's Karen Allen looks at the island's growing anti-China movement.
About 1,000 people have taken part in a demonstration against the police treatment of a man who died after being stopped by officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency.
David Cameron is to host a summit of world leaders to discuss the fight against corruption in London later.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's poor start to the season continued as they were beaten by 10-man St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
The number of babies being breastfed at least once after birth in England has risen to its highest level on record, figures show.
War and Peace, the BBC's new period drama set in 18th Century Russia, has topped the overnight ratings for its first episode, beating ITV's Endeavour.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says Gareth Bale's absence from June's World Cup qualifier against Serbia in Belgrade will not affect his team-mates.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand for almost a month after her Czech partner died in a suspected avalanche has been found alive.
The Western Sahara is a sparsely-populated desert territory in the western part of Morocco, claimed by both Morocco and Mauritania since the 1940s.
Belfast boxer Liam Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the Olympic men's light-heavyweight competition after a hard-fought win over Egypt's Abdelhadi Al-Abdallah on Thursday.
An eight-year-old boy has died after his head became lodged between a rotating floor and a wall at a restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia.
Italy's prime minister has criticised local authorities in three northern regions for refusing to take in any more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Andrei Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two.
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo's editor-in-chief, Charb, has written an open letter defending the paper's stance against "Islamophobia".
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a flood risk assessment exercise in parts of West Yorkshire following heavy flooding in 2015.
A giant piece of concrete has been put into place in Hong Kong, China.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a Bradford free school.
An archive of photographs of council tower blocks across the UK is to be created as part of a bid to preserve the country's post-war housing heritage.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Doherty has spoken for the first time since being seriously injured in Vietnam.
The UK's Brexit secretary has said he does not think the Scottish people want a second referendum on independence.
The release by Wikileaks of code used by the CIA to hide the origins of malware could be "one of the most technically damaging" revelations about the agency's hacking tools, security experts have said.
Rare copies of the Koran are to go on display for the first time in Leeds.
Cheltenham substitute Daniel O'Shaughnessy scored a late equaliser to rescue a point at Mansfield in League Two.
Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas in straight sets to reach the Barcelona Open semi-finals and avenge his Monte Carlo Masters defeat last week.
A councillor has called for "serious consideration" to be given to recycling parts of the grounded oil rig Deepwater Horizon in the Western Isles.
Craig Gordon says he is determined to keep his place in the Liverpool team despite being dropped to the substitutes' bench in the Champions League draw with Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
At least 90 people are now known to have died in a landslide in Colombia's Antioquia province after heavy rain caused a river to burst its banks, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on loan for the rest of the season.
All pictures are copyrighted unless otherwise noted.
Crossrail bosses have hailed a "phenomenal feat of civil engineering" after the first of the line's two boring machines reached a key milestone.
A former IRA leader has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville.
Ulster's Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland's Six Nations game against England in Twickenham on Saturday after failing to recover from injury in the defeat by France.
A British man believed to be a former Guantanamo Bay detainee has carried out a suicide attack in Iraq, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will be out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said she believes there are "huge opportunities" ahead for Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Sports Direct's board has replaced Keith Hellawell as chairman with Dave Forsey as part of a management shake-up at the troubled sportswear retailer.
Las Vegas is one of the world's most popular tourist destinations for people from around the world.
England missed out on victory in the first Test against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi after the final day was washed out by bad light.
China's men's table tennis team won their first Olympic gold medal of Rio 2016 with victory over Japan in the men's doubles.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will visit Australia and New Zealand in November.
More than 200 beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
US journalist Gwen Ifill, who moderated several presidential debates, has died aged 69.
Every two years, a child in the UK is chosen to be the UK's national children's laureate.
Former Birmingham City defender Robbie Savage says he is happy to see Steve Bruce return to the Premier League as Aston Villa manager.
Police have said they expect to make significant arrests in the coming days in connection with recent rioting in Northern Ireland.
The wife of a sports journalist who was seriously injured in a suspected "brutal attack" outside a London Tube station says she has received messages of support from around the world.
National League side Chester have re-signed Chelsea midfielder Luke Lloyd on loan for the rest of the season.
Ten-man Dundee United missed the chance to move level on points with leaders Hibernian after losing to the Easter Road side.
Beauty giant Avon has gone into administration in France, with the possible closure of its operations in the country.
Formula 1's 2015 season got under way on Friday with the first practice session at the first test of the season in Spain.
A child has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a tree in Denbighshire.
Ceramic poppies created as part of a national art installation to mark the centenary of World War One are to be permanently displayed at museums across England.
Sir Jeffery Amherst, one of Britain's most famous colonial leaders, has had his name removed from public places in the United States.
Boston Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been banned from athletics for two years after testing positive for doping.
Planning permission has been granted for 14 more wind turbines to be added to a wind farm in Lancashire.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages to a university after it was found to have violated a patent.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during a Euro 2016 match against Ukraine at the Stade de Lyon in France.
David Harsent has won this year's TS Eliot Prize for Poetry for his collection of poetry Fire Songs.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of this year's UK Championship in London.
A bar has been fined Â£20,000 after a woman was seriously ill after drinking a shot of liquid nitrogen which caused smoke to come out of her nose and mouth.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose remains were found in the Republic of Ireland.
Watchdogs have called for "significant improvement" in the care of older people in the Western Isles.
A man has been seriously injured after he was attacked with a hammer and two other men jumped out of a car and attacked him with weapons.
DR Congo missed out on a place at the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations after a shock 2-1 defeat by neighbours Congo Brazzaville while hosts South Africa were knocked out 2-0 by Zambia.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Ollie Ntcham will be a "big player" for the club after the midfielder impressed in the friendly defeat by Lyon.
Public views are being sought on plans for a new bridge over the Forth Road Bridge on the A90 in the Highlands.
Cern scientists have claimed to have discovered that the Force can be harnessed to give particle physicists "superpowers".
UKIP is "very confident" of breaking through at next year's assembly election, its Welsh leader has said.
A Polish woman who runs three Polish delis in Cambridgeshire is worried about the future of her business after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A man has been jailed for sexually abusing a child in Carmarthenshire.
A 15th birthday party for a Mexican girl has gone viral on social media, with thousands of people vowing to attend in a field outside the village of La Joya.
An appeal has been launched to raise money for the family of a disabled woman who died after falling from a disabled lift at her Dorset home.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve to help boost numbers of the mammals.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) in England and Wales will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, experts have told an inquiry.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at Philadelphia's Temple University.
A suspected unexploded World War Two device has been found off the Pembrokeshire coast.
Fossils from an ancient period of Earth's history suggest that CO2 emissions may have been much lower than we are seeing today, even though carbon emissions are now 10 times as high.
A man with motor neurone disease is doing cartwheels and handstands to raise himself off the floor.
St Helens moved to within three points of Super League's top spot with a hard-fought victory over Catalans Dragons at Langtree Park.
A Denbighshire homeowner whose home was flooded during the 2013 floods has said he feels "safer" after major improvements to the town's sea defences.
Broadband speeds of up to 35Mbps will soon be available over the airwaves of Scotland and Wales, thanks to new technology being rolled out by BT.
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax paid by aggressive tax avoiders would be introduced if Labour wins the election, the party has said.
Rugby should be banned from schools in England because of safety concerns, a leading academic has said.
Work has begun to restore a 16th Century castle on the Isle of Wight which was used as a fortress during the English Civil War.
Scotland's Health Secretary Shona Robison has appointed an independent expert to carry out an independent review of a controversial report into mesh implant surgery.
Hundreds of eggs have been stolen from a seabird colony in a seaside town.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in England and Wales, according to figures seen by the BBC.
Campaigners in China have handed in a petition to the local government calling for a ban on the slaughter of dogs for human consumption at a dog-eating festival.
China's Liu Long lifted a world record weight of 303kg to win Olympic gold in the men's -57kg weightlifting in Rio.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
It's been a busy day for virtual reality enthusiasts.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey retained her bouldering bouldering world title with victory at the World Cup event in China.
A man who punched worshippers and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque while shouting "I'm white but I'm one of you" has been given a community payback order.
Four people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a mill.
A takeaway delivery driver was hit with a golf club in a West Lothian street before his takeaway food was stolen and his wages were stolen.
Devolution in Wales needs to go "further and faster" and is not going far enough, the outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said.
Concerns have been raised about the future of commercial forests in Wales.
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in years after a fish pass was installed to help boost numbers of the species.
Bollywood star Salman Khan is due to appear in court over the death of a policeman who was killed when his car crashed into a bakery.
The year after the 1916 Easter Rising a gangland feud between the Hutch family and the Byrne family led to one of the most notorious murders in the history of the Republic of Ireland.
A new sportive ride is to be held in Glasgow in honour of Scottish cyclist Robert Millar, one of Britain's greatest stage racers.
Wales should have a say over its own immigration rules, MPs have said.
Patents in the field of neuroscience - the study of the activity of the brain - have more than doubled since 2010, according to a study.
A hospital has apologised after a patient had a "never event" where a bung fell out of a hospital operating theatre.
Hungary's prime minister has accused EU leaders of "egoism and common sense" over the migrant crisis, after hundreds of migrants refused to leave the country without registering for asylum.
Melania Trump's decision not to move her 10-year-old son Barron into the White House has been met with outrage on social media.
A Labour AM has been accused of "smears and personal attacks" after calling for a "forensic investigation" into the Welsh Government's financial mismanagement.
A firefighter has been sacked after a pensioner died in a house fire while he was on duty.
A boys' and girls' school in Hampshire is to close its doors for the final time, its trustees have said.
Welsh artist Maisie Williams says she has never seen a day in her life when she will not paint again.
Bitfinex, one of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, says it has been hacked by hackers.
British amateur golfer Greg Gregory has been glued to his computer screen as he prepares for his Masters debut.
A woman who filmed herself taking her own life in front of a live audience on Periscope has sparked a debate in France about how to regulate social media.
A woman who admitted murdering her mother has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to murder.
(Close): The US dollar rose against the euro, the yen and the Japanese yen, while shares on Wall Street closed lower.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell sharply in June, according to official figures.
Manchester United produced a stunning attacking display to inflict a humiliating defeat on Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger at Old Trafford.
A BBC team has escaped with minor injuries after a volcanic eruption at Mount Etna in northern Italy.
David Cameron should produce a White Paper setting out how he would implement his proposed English votes for English laws if he wins the general election, a senior Scottish Conservative peer has said.
Wales assistant coach Warren Gatland has the "capability" to lead the national side into the future, says Wales assistant coach Andy Brooke.
Benfica have won the Portuguese league title for the first time in their history thanks to a comfortable victory over Vitória Guimarães.
David Smith had already won gold medals in skiing, rowing, athletics and karate, but now he is aiming to win a fourth Paralympic gold medal.
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 in the Football League Division Two opener at Pairc Esler.
Tributes have been paid to a "dedicated" and "outstanding" councillor who has died.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been banned from up-front football for four months by the Football Association after being found guilty of breaching betting rules.
Manchester City's training ground at Etihad Stadium is a cacophony of noise.
US adults with at least a college degree are more likely to have a steady stream of income from month-to-month and a sense of financial wellbeing, according to the Federal Reserve.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin.
Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes across Scotland.
Scotland's Finance Committee is to debate and vote on the Scottish government's draft budget on 27 January.
A US tourist has died after falling into a hot spring at Yellowstone National Park while hiking with his sister, park officials say.
Gary Barlow surprised shoppers in Manchester when he turned up at a shopping centre dressed as a man.
Eight people have been injured after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's right-wing government has abandoned plans to introduce a total ban on abortions after MPs voted against the controversial proposals.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiring to burgle safety deposit boxes during the Hatton Garden jewellery raid.
Wales bounced back from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
American sprinter Justin Gatlin won the 100m 100m at the European Indoor Championships with a personal best time of 9.99.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene explains why Ghanaians have been protesting against the government's decision to allow two Yemeni ex-detainees from Guantanamo Bay to live in the country.
Senegal will play Mexico in the quarter-finals of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup after a 1-1 draw with Ecuador.
A man has been taken to hospital after he was assaulted by a gang of men armed with what is believed to be a gun in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been accused of doing the "worst disservice to the European project" by accepting a job with Goldman Sachs.
Former world champion Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last race in Formula 1.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Shaun Howard will miss the rest of the League One season after rupturing his anterior cruciate ligament in the defeat by Peterborough United.
UK unemployment fell to a record low of 39,000 in August, official figures show, while the number of people in work reached a record high of 63.3 million.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by 34% in the last year, figures show.
Viacom chief executive Philippe Dauman has been removed from the board of the company he co-owns with his brother Sumner Redstone.
Scotland's women's national team are in talks with the Scottish Football Association over terms and conditions of their new national team contract.
A headless torso has been found in the waters off the Danish island of Amager, police say.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover Athletic came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers in the National League.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a woman she stabbed to death over a "trivial" amount of money she had stolen.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) carried out a number of covert operations in Africa in the 1960s and 70s, including the assassination of several African leaders.
Fly-half Sam Davies will replace Dan Biggar in the Ospreys team to face Grenoble in the European Champions Cup on Saturday.
An independent school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform to cater for pupils who do not want to wear skirts.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the Australian Open.
A giant red 'A' sign has appeared on a roundabout in Berkshire.
Africa's artists are often criticised for not being free to express themselves.
For years, a small patch of greenbelt land in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered over with dirt.
A woman has died in a two-car crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of flights have been cancelled at Cork Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to bad weather conditions.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the mixed doubles final of the World Indoor Badminton Championships with victory in the semi-final in Glasgow.
Castleford Tigers have signed St Helens prop Sione Katoa on a two-year contract.
Lord West has told MPs he did not go to the prime minister about incidents in which a missile was accidentally fired into Wales, unless his constituency happens to be there.
A British collector has sold a box of Star Wars toys worth "as much as a house" at auction.
Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against Serbia in Belgrade on Saturday will be Wales' "hardest game so far".
The US justice department has announced it will allow federal agents to take audio or video recordings of suspect interviews, ending a long-standing policy not to do so.
A former High Court judge has been asked to carry out a review of Scotland's hate crime laws after the Scottish government refused to scrap the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
An under-text of a lost bible has been identified after researchers raised Â£1.5m to buy it from a Bible Society.
Ukraine's new government has begun its first full day in office, as voters in Crimea go to the polls in a referendum to decide whether to rejoin Russia.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won his appeal against being barred from the presidency.
Derby County caretaker manager Daryl Powell says he is "fine" after being suspended by the Championship club following the sacking of Nigel Pearson.
National League side Eastleigh have signed striker Joe Preston from National League rivals Southport on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend's unborn baby has told a court he was "shocked and surprised" to find out she had fallen pregnant.
Watford manager Graham Taylor was one of football's greats and one of the country's great sportsmen.
Asian shares were mostly higher on Thursday, with Japan's Nikkei index leading the way after a strong finish on Wall Street.
Police in England and Wales are being trained in how to identify and prosecute cases of "coercive and controlling behaviour" within relationships.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has announced a "carer's Package" in a speech in Cardiff.
Fidel Castro, the former Cuban president and communist revolutionary, has died aged 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
It is often said that if something smells good, it will sell regardless.
Two more youths have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in north Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are due to hold talks in the French port of Calais to discuss the migrant crisis in the city.
Welsh boxer Katie Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Newly-acquired manuscripts of Dylan Thomas's poetry are to be displayed in his home town of Swansea after being bought by a university.
Sue Townsend's long-awaited stage production of her children's book Adrian Mole has opened to a warm welcome.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a tunnel wall in Cardiff.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party for making anti-Semitic remarks on Twitter.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has postponed high-level talks with European Union creditors over a new bailout deal, citing "technical issues".
More than 100 men have been arrested in Chad over the gang rape of a woman in the capital, Chambéry, police say.
Planning permission is to be sought for a new social housing development on a derelict site which was the subject of a row over the care of elderly residents.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to go on strike in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Netflix has cancelled plans to show a special of Bill Cosby's comedy The Cosby Show because of allegations of sexual assault against the US comedian.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's rising stars.
A couple have been reunited with a stolen family medal and watch 10 years after it was stolen from their home when it was recovered by a police dive team.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for England and England forward Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has published details of its proposed land reform bill aimed at reducing the number of privately-owned land in community ownership to one million by 2020.
Nour, a young girl, was born in Mosul, Iraq, and grew up under so-called Islamic State (IS) rule in the city.
Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk for an undisclosed fee.
Hamburg has become the first German city to impose fines of up to 1,000 euros (Â£1,000; $1,200) on owners of empty commercial properties for refusing to hand over empty homes to asylum seekers.
Warwickshire seam bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the Bears.
A chatbot that tells people when and how much they should pay for parking fines has become a huge success.
David Waddington, a former leader of the Conservative Party and former home secretary, has died aged 94.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at Wales' largest hospital after improvements to traffic management led to a reduction in traffic jams.
The BBC has denied it faked footage of an iguana being chased by snakes in the latest episode of Planet Earth II, saying it was "true representation of animal behaviour".
A group of enthusiasts has won a Â£20,000 grant from the Wainwright Society to help repair a path in Cumbria's Far Eastern Fells to mark the 60th anniversary of the author's book.
Shaun Whalley scored a late equaliser as Shrewsbury Town were beaten at home by Millwall in League One.
Action camera maker GoPro has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs and close its entertainment division.
Moors murderer Ian Brady will remain in hospital for the foreseeable future, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
A police watchdog is to investigate the police response to a call from a 72-year-old man who later died at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Scientists at the University of Reading say 2016 looks set to be an "interesting year" for Arctic sea ice.
Liberia thrashed Algerian champions JS Kabylie 6-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Monrovia on Saturday.
Northern Ireland's Ballymena-based engineering firm, Norbrook Group, has appointed John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a stunning attacking display to stun Premier League leaders Chelsea with a stunning display of attacking football in an emphatic victory at Emirates Stadium.
A pair of rare white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of six players, including England Under-21 internationals Jack Kirby, Jack Gumbs, Joe Duggan, Joe Buxton, Michael Ridehalgh and Luke Ride Halgh.
Two police officers have been treated in hospital after an incident in Edinburgh in which they were struck by a car.
A man has been seriously injured in two separate assaults in Londonderry.
Abercrombie & Fitch has come under fire for tweeting an offensive message about gay pride.
A couple who paid for their own funerals say they have been left "completely penniless".
Yemeni Shia Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president after he was freed from a prison in the capital, Sanaa.
Designers from Cardiff and Wrexham have been working together to develop a device that could reduce the risk of brain injuries in footballers.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading for an undisclosed fee on a one-year deal.
Two men have been found liable for liability over the 1998 Omagh bombing after a retrial at the High Court in Belfast.
The new president of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU citizens living in the UK that their status is safe after Brexit.
More than half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled by the public if Scotland had not banned smoking in public places, according to a study.
Bayern Munich thrashed Russian side FC Rostov in the Champions League group stage as Group D began with a thumping 5-0 victory in Germany.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with the team's "character" after they came from 16-9 down to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield have appointed former Hull KR coach Kevin Chester as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League season.
Police in Glasgow are calling for CCTV cameras to be installed at the city's Necropolis to help reduce anti-social behaviour.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not stand for "hate crime" after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK's political parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all".
Kent County Football Club have reported a loss of £142,659 for the year to the end of the financial year.
Syrian government forces say they have regained control of the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
More than 50 UK students are to travel to the US this autumn as part of a special educational programme run by the Sutton Trust.
A young girl called Emily has been named as the winner of a writing competition run by author Jacqueline Wilson.
A Mongolian rapper is in a coma after allegedly being beaten up by a Russian diplomat at a concert on Saturday.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a Greater Manchester road are taking legal action against a council after an inquest jury found it was responsible for his death.
A body has been found during the search for a hillwalker missing in the Cairngorms.
Spain's men's rugby union team have qualified for the Olympic Games for the first time after beating Fiji in the Rugby World Cup semi-final at Twickenham.
A World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire, killing one of its pilots, has been unearthed by archaeologists.
All pictures are copyrighted unless otherwise noted.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan has returned to the big screen with a new film set in her home city of Inverness.
Harlequins will face Ospreys in the European Rugby Champions Cup quarter-finals after a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored on their Juventus debuts as the Serie A leaders beat FC Porto to set up a Champions League semi-final against Barcelona.
Wales lock Jake Ball says he is ready to "put his stamp on the shirt" after returning from injury for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a permanent memorial to David Bowie in south London has failed to meet its target.
A man has pleaded guilty to killing an elderly man who was found dead at his home in Leicester.
Dagenham & Redbridge moved into the National League play-off places thanks to Frankie Raymond's late strike against York.
The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent will continue to air on ITV for the next three years after Simon Cowell signed a new three-year deal with the broadcaster.
Russia says it will be fined by Uefa for crowd trouble at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille after flares were set off by England fans.
Iraqi government forces have broken a long-running siege of the town of Amerli, Iraqi military sources have told the BBC.
US regulators have issued new guidance on how companies can raise money through the sale of digital coins.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said it was a "terrible mistake" for the party not to promise to replace tuition fee subsidies with maintenance grants.
Scotland's Laura Bankier won the women's doubles title at the National Badminton Championships in Glasgow.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals with a comfortable quarter-final win over Algeria in Gabon.
Call of Duty fans have criticised a series of tweets about a fictional terrorist attack in Singapore, saying it was a "stunt" and a "failure in marketing".
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to breed fish that are more resistant to sea lice.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday, with polls expected to open at 09:00 GMT.
George Osborne has delivered his first ever Budget speech as chancellor.
Britain's Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Track Cycling National Championships in Manchester.
Michael Martin says he has given up road racing on Hondas and will not compete in this year's British Superbike Championship.
Venezuela's armed forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal, where a wave of anti-government protests has been taking place.
More than 90% of Scottish council and social housing tenants want the right to buy their homes to be scrapped, according to the Scottish government.
A new architecture centre has opened in Liverpool with a new exhibition exploring the city's past, present and future.
The depth of Loch Ness could be much deeper than previously thought, according to a diver who has discovered a new location for the loch.
Scottish author William McIlvanney is to be honoured with the naming of a new school campus in East Ayrshire.
The parents of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have spoken about the charity they have set up in her name.
Six Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to five-and-a-half years in jail for assaulting a protester during pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing progress", his parents have said.
Gerry Rafferty, one of Scotland's most successful songwriters and singer-songwriter, has died aged 69.
A new Concorde museum has been given the go-ahead to open at Filton Airport in Bristol.
Plastic bag charges introduced in England have been blamed for a sharp drop in the number of single-use carrier bags produced at a Lancashire factory.
Two lesbian women have been ordered to be beheaded in the Indonesian province of Aceh for having sex with each other.
Six men have been cleared of conspiring to defraud a number of Welsh councils in a multi-million pound case against the Serious Fraud Office.
Michael McKinstry has made a career of proving doubters wrong.
Scotland forward Alex Forsyth says playing in front of a home crowd will help boost the Blue Sticks' chances of winning the European Hockey Championship.
Creditors of the Taggart brothers are to be asked to vote on a proposal to restructure their debt.
Growth in the UK's manufacturing sector picked up slightly in May from a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey.
Southampton have signed Poland Under-21 striker Stefan Makris from Turkish club Galatasaray for a club record transfer fee.
US actor and director David Wallach has died aged 94.
British number ones Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will begin their US Open main draw campaigns on Monday as the tournament gets under way in New York.
Israel has issued a terror threat level of "severe" for New Year's Eve in India, warning its citizens not to travel to the country.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to a new low following the UK's vote to leave the European Union, according to a survey.
An explosion has destroyed part of Aleppo's medieval citadel, one of Syria's most important landmarks, a monitoring group says.
Tropical forests in the Amazon rainforest could be under threat from climate change, scientists have warned.
Two men have been bailed while a murder inquiry continues into the disappearance of a Cambridgeshire newspaper owner.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a man and a woman were found at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed England Under-19 international midfielder Lizzie Howard following her graduation from university.
Nigerian politician James Ibori has been awarded £1.5m damages after a High Court judge ruled he had been unlawfully detained in the UK.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised to fans who received a scam email claiming to be from the governing body.
Welsh race walker Elinor Davies says it will be an "unbelievable" feeling to be on the same stage as some of the world's leading competitors at the World Championships in London.
Former Yorkshire and England seam bowler and club president John Appleyard has died aged 94.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life told him in text messages that he was "about to die", a court has heard.
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton has stepped down from the Wales captaincy and will be replaced by Alun Wyn Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 19-year-old man who was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of attempting to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the case of a former Indian navy officer.
BBC Rewind takes a look at how the government is tackling the issue of gender inequality in the workplace.
A pilot scheme to use parents as traffic wardens to tackle illegal parking outside a primary school has been halted after three months.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce with the club in danger of relegation from League One.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice over the case of a teenager who was killed in a suspected hit-and-run.
Former champion Francesca Schiavone was knocked out of the French Open in the first round by Spain's Garbine Muguruza.
A left-wing party has said it is "ludicrous" Labour is targeting people who do not support Jeremy Corbyn's leadership bid rather than those who support him.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet has declared a state of emergency in parts of central Chile after a powerful earthquake triggered a tsunami.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena has been described as "torn the heart out of the city" by one of the Sky Blues' fans.
Bury have extended the loan deal of teenage striker Harry Boulden from National League South side Southend United until 2 January.
BBC Northern Ireland has won a number of awards at the Irish Film and Television Awards in Dublin.
Millions of people use the internet to pay for everything.
A suspicious device found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt to kill police officers, police have said.
Papers are concerned about rising tensions between India and China along the de facto border in the Himalayas.
Women's Super League One side Coventry City Ladies have signed Sunderland defender Lauren Staniforth and former Glasgow City midfielder Saskia Sjoman from Glasgow City Ladies.
In the middle of a leafy street in the northern Gaza Strip, a row between Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and the Saudi-led coalition led by Saudi Arabia and its allies - and Qatar - is brewing.
CrossCountry has dropped plans to change the number of trains operated by ScotRail on some of its Scottish services.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to "de-escalate tensions" in the South China Sea after a stand-off between Chinese and Vietnamese ships over an oil rig.
More than 100 cardinals have arrived at the Vatican for the first of a series of meetings to elect a new Pope.
Millions of Russians are struggling to pay off personal loans and mortgages after the introduction of a new law allowing courts of arbitration to handle debt cases came into effect in Russia.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged China to allow its currency, the yuan, to appreciate further.
Three people have been rescued from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway after a boat carrying three people capsized.
Communications regulator Ofcom is considering splitting off BT's Openreach division, which runs the UK's broadband network.
A court in Niger has begun legal action against the French nuclear company at the centre of a corruption scandal involving uranium mining in the country.
At least 14 people have been killed in a severe storm that has battered the South African city of Cape Town with winds of up to 90km/h (56mph).
A freight train carrying a toxic chemical has derailed and caught fire in the US state of Tennessee, forcing the evacuation of about 2,000 people from their homes.
British Para-archery star Ellie Brown says she will not change her bow to the recurve if she hopes to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The father of a rugby player who died in a head-on crash while racing against a Porsche has appealed for the driver of the Porsche to come forward.
An Australian man has been arrested after allegedly driving a stolen bulldozer into a house in New South Wales (NSW).
Nico Rosberg headed team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix despite problems for both Mercedes and Williams.
Cardiff Blues moved level on points with Premiership leaders Wasps thanks to a bonus-point win at Pau.
Families affected by a baby ashes scandal at a crematorium in Shropshire are taking legal action against the local council.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to formally notify him of the UK's intention to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is worth an estimated Â£1bn a year to the economy.
French customs officials have seized a 19th Century painting of a young woman from a boat in the English Channel after it washed up in the port of Marseille.
MPs are to question Sir Bradley Wiggins and Team Sky over the contents of a mystery package sent to him by a team doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a Glasgow shopkeeper who believed the Prophet Muhammad was not the final Prophet.
So what can we learn from the last two weeks of polling?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott believes his team's desire to finish on a high helped them win the Super League Grand Final.
Somerset and New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at avoiding the imposition of a new junior doctors' contract in England have been extended.
A hotline has been established between the Afghan military and the Pakistani army to discuss the situation in Afghanistan, officials say.
The Sydney Sixers will play Perth Scorchers in the final of the Australian Big Bash after beating Brisbane Heat by one run in the super over.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with a comfortable win over Atletico Madrid at the Nou Camp.
The driver of a train that derailed in central Spain, killing 32 people, was not using his work phone, the head of the national rail operator Renfe has said.
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester Arena attack has taken place.
Kirsty Beaumont's unbeaten 45 helped Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds in the Women's Super League for the first time in the competition as they beat Surrey Stars by 11 runs.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Apostolos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares fell on Friday after US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US economy remains "strong enough" to withstand a rise in interest rates.
Cardiff Blues missed out on a place in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history as they were beaten by Gloucester at Kingholm.
A lorry has become stuck in a sinkhole after a road collapsed into it.
Formula 1 in 1976 was all about Lewis Hunt and Niki Lauda.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car which police believe was being driven dangerously when it crashed into a car park in Londonderry.
Alex Schalk scored a stoppage-time winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup.
A number of dogs have fallen ill after being walked in a field near a cricket ground, prompting a warning to dog walkers to stay away.
Wales coach Warren Jenkins says he is "baffled" by the reaction to Wales' Six Nations form so far this season.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi ei gyhuddo o geisio llofruddio Laura Jayne Stuart wedi marw.
UK researchers have produced "fingerprints" that look like fingerprints but are completely unique to the item they are made of.
Drugs believed to be linked to a break-in at a Sheffield pharmacy have been found in a nearby street.
England's remarkable victory in the first Test against South Africa at Headingley is a huge result for the nation.
British 10,000m runner Lizzie Andrews says she has been overwhelmed by the reaction from home after claiming victory at the London Anniversary Games.
The rustic, rustic retreat of the Golden Generation Worship and Retreat Center in rural Pennsylvania is a world away from the hustle and bustle of the city of Philadelphia.
The acquittal of two men accused of raping and murdering a British teenager on a beach in India has been appealed against.
Dundee is a city of gloom and doom, but Dundee fans are not afraid to laugh at it.
A woman and a man have been charged with raping a taxi driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a Londonderry man who died while on holiday in China have described him as "amazing and loved his job".
A Scottish artist has taken to the sea in his motorboat to create a new collection of paintings of the Far Shore.
France earned a bonus-point victory over Scotland thanks to a hat-trick of penalties from Yoann Lopez in the first Test of the autumn internationals since the Paris attacks.
Bus drivers in Dorset are set to go on strike in a dispute over pay.
The Enterprise Minister, Jonathan Bell, has said he is "not interested in 'he said, she said' nonsense" over concerns about the future of the Michelin factory in County Antrim.
Some countries are not giving their "fair share" of money to the humanitarian appeal for Syria, according to the charity Oxfam.
The Revenant and Steve Jobs biopic Steve Jobs were among the winners at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles on Sunday night.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone is widely regarded as one of the game's greatest coaches.
A guide dog has become one of the most travelled dogs in the UK after flying with EasyJet for the past five years.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal complaint against President Donald Trump's new travel ban, saying it discriminates against Muslims.
The BBC's Reality Check team takes a look at some of the key questions that people have asked about the UK's EU referendum.
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of bullying staff.
Wasps flanker Nathan Hughes has been named in England's 45-man pre-season training squad for November's autumn internationals.
Derbyshire fast bowlers Jack Cotton and James Taylor have both been ruled out for the rest of the season with injury.
Hundreds of people have attended candlelight vigils in memory of Shrien Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa in August.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising's Proclamation of Independence has been sold at auction in Dublin for an undisclosed sum.
Payday lender Dollar Financial has agreed to pay out £700,000 in compensation to 150,000 customers who may have suffered affordability problems.
Singer-songwriter Patti Mitchell has made "remarkable progress" in her recovery from a brain aneurysm, her friend and fellow singer Patti Collins has said.
Edinburgh is to become the first Scottish city to introduce a 20mph speed limit as part of a major road improvement project.
More than 2,000 people missed at least one hospital appointment in 2014/15, according to Scottish government figures obtained by the Scottish Conservatives.
British Airways chief executive Carolyn McCall has been named as the latest female chief executive of British Airways - the latest in a series of female bosses to take charge of a UK company.
The Balmoral Show chairman has said he hopes to have two roads linking up to the M1 motorway network in 12 months' time.
More than 1,000 asylum seekers held on an island in Papua New Guinea (PNG) have settled a long-running legal case against the Australian government for A$70m (Â£53m; $57m).
A man who was sexually abused by a council worker has been ordered to pay Â£1,000 compensation after being convicted of child sex abuse.
Plans have been revealed for a glass tower to be built on the site of a former power station in Southampton.
Billy Joe Taylor says he learned a lot about himself as he retained his Commonwealth super-lightweight title with a stoppage of Belgium's Eric Joubert in Glasgow on Saturday.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley is to be auctioned off after it was declared "in receivership".
Pope Francis has said he will allow priests in the US and Canada to forgive women who have had an abortion without seeking permission from a bishop.
An Indian couple who falsely claimed to have climbed Mount Everest for the first time have been arrested by police in the western state of Maharashtra.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as Burnley came from 2-0 down to earn a point at Etihad Stadium.
An elderly woman has died and a man has been seriously injured in a fire at a house in Dundee which police are treating as murder.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported a sharp rise in profits for the year to the end of October, helped by strong sales in China.
Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team-mates are in such good form as they bid to win the World Endurance Championship for the first time.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis.
A new specialist palliative care unit for cancer patients could be built at Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Newport.
Brighton moved off the bottom of the Championship with a comfortable win over Bristol City at the Amex Stadium.
A&E departments across Denbighshire and Conwy county have been "overly busy" due to "seasonal pressures", the health board has said.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1bn) in the US as part of a legal settlement over the Libor rate-rigging scandal.
Two young Irish rugby players who were banned from playing the sport because of their poor eyesight are celebrating after the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU) changed its mind.
Edinburgh will host the European Rugby Champions Cup final in 2017, it has been announced.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future of the League One club "looks very healthy" after signing six of his under-21 players.
Exeter Chiefs will play Premiership champions Saracens in the final of the European Champions Cup at Twickenham next Saturday after a last-gasp try secured victory over the Premiership leaders.
Google says it is "sorry" that NHS staff in the UK are being asked to fill out a security check before using the search engine.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers 4-2 in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "heartbroken" to see how much rubbish has been found at a landfill site.
The cost of the Welsh Government's free childcare policy could rise significantly if large numbers of non-working parents take up jobs, an economist has warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear in a new episode of James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show.
Jane Austen's letters and original costumes worn in the TV adaptation of her novel Pride and Prejudice have gone on display as part of a new exhibition.
Wigan Warriors will take confidence from their Super League Grand Final victory over Wakefield Trinity Wildcats into the back end of the season, says head coach Tony Smith.
England all-rounder Chris Woakes, England batsman Ben Duckett and Middlesex's James Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers' Almanack players of the year.
Eight people, including four children, have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash involving a lorry in County Down.
Tom Draper scored a hat-trick as The New Saints came from behind to beat Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic and progress to the Scottish Cup second round.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said some "tough decisions will have to be made" in the first year of the Welsh Government if Labour wins power.
A former youth football coach has been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences.
Some of Scotland's leading public figures have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Nursing homes in England have seen a sharp fall in the number of nurses trained to work in adult social care, figures show.
A woman accused of driving under the influence of alcohol in the US state of New York has told a judge that she has a rare medical condition that causes her blood to ferment food.
Scientists believe they have identified a genetic mutation that may have helped explain why early humans evolved larger brains.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club-record £30m.
A takeaway takeaway has been ordered by staff at a mental health hospital in Northumberland after it was found to be carrying a "stigma" message about mental health.
An extra £4.2m is to be spent on repairing flood defences damaged by recent storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five players have been shortlisted for the first ever BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top eight finish in Super League with a bonus-point victory over Leigh Centurions at the John Smith's Stadium.
Rock band U2 have played one of the biggest concerts in the history of the Irish capital Dublin.
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
A yellow "be aware" weather warning for flooding has been issued by the Met Office for parts of Northern Ireland.
At least 13 people have been arrested in Iran after a video of a group of young people dancing to singer Pharrell Williams' song Happy became a viral hit.
A woman whose body was found under rubble in the garden of her ex-husband was murdered and had her remains "chopped up", a court heard.
The government has been told to take "urgent action" to tackle air pollution after losing a legal challenge over its 2015 air quality plan.
American conductor Tomi Alsop has become the first woman to conduct the BBC Proms finale in London's Royal Albert Hall.
An Afghan woman has become the first person in the country to be prosecuted for raping her own daughter after a court in the capital Kabul suspended her father's trial over DNA evidence.
An RAF pilot has been given a four-month suspended prison sentence for causing a plane to nosedive and crash into the Black Sea while using his camera.
Islamic State (IS) militants are increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread their messages, rather than Twitter, as the group continues to struggle to gain an official presence on the platform.
Iraq's parliament has approved a package of reforms aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed and cracking down on corruption.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the play-off for third place in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Tuesday.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning became the first British rowers to win back-to-back Olympic gold medals as they retained their women's four title in Rio.
Plans to build a footbridge across the River Thames in London have been given the go ahead.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan has not had time to "explore all of his options" in the transfer market, says head coach Steve Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
An assembly of Irish voters has voted overwhelmingly in favour of legalising abortion in the Republic of Ireland.
Munster have been cleared by the European Professional Club Rugby Concussion Review Group (EPCR) for allowing Conor Murray to play on against Glasgow Warriors.
Iraqi security forces have clashed with anti-government protesters in the capital, Baghdad, after a march broke into the Green Zone.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children in "extraordinary and tragic" circumstances is to be sterilised, a judge has ruled.
Designs for a Â£30m project to restore a 19th Century stately home destroyed by fire have been shortlisted by the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome won the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine to move into second place overall.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a market in Norfolk.
Four men have been arrested in England as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network" in Italy, the North East Counter Terrorism Unit has said.
The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, also known as Jordan, is the largest country in the Middle East and one of the most geographically diverse.
The head of the UN humanitarian agency in eastern Ukraine has said the "de facto authorities" in the rebel-held city of Luhansk have ordered UN agencies and non-governmental organisations to leave.
India will take part in the Champions Trophy after the country's cricket board decided to go ahead with the tournament despite a row over a new revenue-sharing deal.
Former Environment Secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce flood forests to upland areas of England to help reduce the risk of flooding.
An Indian tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned down its marijuana crop in a bid to avoid a possible federal raid.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the first Tees Valley mayor.
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no evidence that a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II "seeped holy myrrh", despite a claim by Russia's chief prosecutor that it contained the holy substance.
US President-elect Donald Trump has named Neil Gorsuch as his Supreme Court nominee.
Karen Howe is one of the world's most successful female venture capitalists, but she started out as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg's assistant.
Photographs of a Victorian railway station which was demolished in 1967 will go on display later as part of a new exhibition.
Markets in Asia were mostly lower on Monday after a closely watched survey of China's factory activity indicated that growth in the world's second largest economy slowed in October.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted armed robbery after a gang of men tried to smash their way into a department store in central London with an axe.
Bayer Leverkusen manager Joe Schmidt has been banned from football for the rest of the season after being sent off against Hoffenheim.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPOe), Denmark's anti-immigration Danish People's Party (DPP) and Finland's nationalist Finns Party are among the latest right-wing populist parties to gain support in European elections.
The Green Party of Scotland has gained a councillor seat in Orkney in the local elections.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision involving a car and a motorcycle in Dumfries and Galloway.
It's been an extraordinary week in British politics.
A postcard sent to a Flintshire man 29 years ago has finally arrived at his doorstep.
The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australian international prop Willie Mason from Sydney Roosters.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed a deal to buy a privately-held company that specialises in the treatment of eczema.
A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped in the Philippines has been found dead with a severed head in a street, Philippine officials say.
Madonna has released the first music video from her new album, Madonna: Dangerous, on Snapchat.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon showing President Jacob Zuma naked.
Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly have voted to leave the European Union.
A pensioner has been threatened with a weapon during a robbery at his home in West Lothian.
Scotland's Conservatives have made history in the general election, with their best showing north of the border since 1983.
China's Ding Junhui beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has been criticised over the quality of service it provides to victims of crime.
Angelique Kerber is out of the Australian Open after losing 6-4 7-5 to Zheng Saisai in the second round to reach the third round in Melbourne.
A service has been held in Portsmouth Harbour to remember the last of the RAF's 825 squadron who died in World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned some pretty exciting news to Earth from the gas giant planet Saturn.
Thousands of people have taken part in street parties and street parties across the UK to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat to a primary school, which led to the arrest of a teenage girl.
Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh from National League rivals Dover Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
It has been a season to remember in the Premier League - and it has been an eventful one too.
Tributes have been paid to six Irish students who died when a balcony collapsed on them in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of a suspected cheating scandal.
Labour leadership hopeful Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the election.
Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are "seeing the old Swansea City" after recovering from a poor start to the season.
Three police forces in Wales have been told to make "significant improvements" to the way they tackle child sex abuse and domestic abuse.
Paul Smith lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's Juergen Zeuge on points after a unanimous points decision.
Jim Broadbent is to play the police officer who led the Great Train Robbery in a BBC One drama about one of Britain's greatest rail heists.
India has accused the US of "playing games" with India after the US refused to drop charges against its Indian consul, Sharmila Khobragade.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in the country's history.
A United Arab Emirates (UAE) lawyer has won the Martin Ennals Award for championing human rights at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.
More needs to be done to improve regional transport in the north of England, a group of MPs has said.
Dan Evans reached the Australian Open second round for the first time with a straight-set victory over American Sam Querrey at Melbourne Park.
Voting has begun in council elections being held in Merseyside.
A three-year-old boy who died after falling into a river in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
A French left-wing politician is calling for a law to ban the use of pork in school meals, after a similar proposal was rejected by a town's mayor.
Dublin retained the All-Ireland Football Championship with a 1-16 to 1-14 victory over Mayo in the decider at Croke Park.
Some of the first Syrian refugees to arrive in Londonderry since the country's civil war began have told the BBC how they are adjusting to life in Northern Ireland.
Russia has hailed a Belarusian official who carried a Russian flag at the Rio Paralympics as a "heroic" gesture after he was barred from the Games for carrying his country's flag.
A man who killed a farm worker with a tractor while he was more than twice over the drink-drive limit has been jailed.
Former British Tour de France champion David Miller has returned to cycling as an anti-doping coach with the British Cycling team for the first time since his doping ban.
Residents have said they are "very angry" a large fire is still burning on their land after a landowner failed to remove rubbish from a field.
Eight men have been arrested on suspicion of being members of a proscribed organisation, supporting a terrorism organisation and encouraging terrorism, including radical preacher Anjem Choudary.
A dispute has broken out over whether a proposed new way to transmit data using light waves is even possible.
Pregnant women should be given extra support for their mental health, the Maternal Mental Health Alliance (MMHA) says, in the wake of the Charlotte Bevan inquest into the death of a woman who took her own life.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community hydro schemes across Wales are facing closure because of a sharp rise in business rates, it has been claimed.
Brighton midfielder Jamie Stephens will miss the Championship play-off semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday after the Football Association rejected a Football Association appeal against his red card.
French conservative presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to make a campaign speech on Monday, amid a row over his wife's pay.
More than two-thirds of UK workers admit to being absent from work when they are ill, according to a survey by a health insurer.
Residents of a high-rise tower block in Sheffield have said they feel "betrayed" after a single part of the cladding system failed fire safety tests.
An Indian man has been found guilty of working as a doctor under a false name in Sydney, Australia's health minister has said.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after he said he would not support the establishment of a Palestinian state if he were in office.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl while she was asleep after drinking a can of Foster's beer.
The government's new anti-extremism strategy has been unveiled today - but what do we know so far about it?
Prime Minister Theresa May should not view the issue of the Irish border as if she was still home secretary, a peer has said.
University leaders will be asked to explain why some vice-chancellors are paid more than the prime minister in a speech by Mayor of London Boris Johnson.
A fossilised skeleton of one of the world's largest meat eaters has been sold at auction in the US.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a goalless draw at home to Blackpool in League Two.
The number of mental health patients waiting to see a specialist in Wales has more than doubled in six years, figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than half of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
A 20mph speed limit introduced in Greater Manchester has not cut the number of road accidents by as much as expected, a report has found.
St Johnstone midfielder Kris Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has dismissed claims that her party has no chance of winning a majority in the general election as a "complete red herring".
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound's ear was cut off and its body dumped in Lancashire.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right neo-Nazi group accused of carrying out a series of racially motivated murders has begun in Munich.
US TV network Univision has said it will not renew its contract with US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his speech at the Golden Globe awards.
Newport city centre has officially opened with 30 new shops, restaurants and a cinema.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC that central banks may not be able to carry the burden of economic stimulus alone.
Political parties are promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion if they win the election.
Rescuers are searching for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in central Italy say they are facing a "race against time" to find those still missing.
Relatives of those killed in the Shoreham air disaster will hold a special service to remember those who lost their lives.
A row has broken out between Devon and Cornwall's police and crime commissioner (PCC) and chief constable over plans to move his office to the force's Middlemoor headquarters.
The Australian government has announced a drought assistance package for farmers in drought-stricken Queensland and New South Wales.
A Texas grand jury has decided not to charge anyone over the death of Sandra Bland, a woman who hanged herself while in police custody.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Blackpool midfielder Andy Nolan on a short-term deal.
China's Ding Junhui is through to the quarter-finals of the UK Championship after a comfortable 4-0 victory over England's Mark Selby.
West Indies fast bowler Tim Berg could miss the rest of the County Championship season with a stress fracture in his back, according to Hampshire head coach Doug Benkenstein.
The partner of a man who died after a suspected hit-and-run crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" when she realised she was in a crash.
Dywed ei bod yn Esgob Tyddewi wedi ei penodiad yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans, yr Esgob Joanna Penberthy yng Nghymru.
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Gary Cox as their new manager after relegation from the Football League.
The Fairtrade mark on Cadbury chocolate is set to come to an end.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for her third novel, Americanah.
A Dundee United fan has been fined for striking a Celtic fan with a football ball.
The US government has stepped up security for the Super Bowl in San Francisco on Sunday, after the deadly attacks in Paris last year.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane on Saturday, according to his heart surgeon Dr David Tobin.
Police are investigating the death of a man who died at a flat in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time of pre-season testing for Mercedes team-mate and world champion Lewis Hamilton.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential figure in contemporary art.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after adverts featuring a naked woman in a red T-shirt and headscarf featuring a cardboard cutout of her were widely shared online in Malaysia.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn credu fod y drefn o gategoreiddio ysgolion yng Nghymru.
"The world has become a food system built on incredibly cheap calories," says Prof David Benton, one of the world's leading experts on food security.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation to Division Two of the County Championship were boosted by a late fightback against Kent at New Road.
North Korea has test-launched a ballistic missile from a submarine, state media say, in what would be a major test of its nuclear weapons capability.
Fraudsters are targeting pension savers with unsolicited calls and texts, the Information Commissioner's Office has warned.
Two brothers who breached their terms of a deal to become assisting offenders should be brought back to court, a High Court judge has been told.
Young people in England and Wales are being urged not to buy cosmetic contact lenses because they pose a health risk and could spread eye disease.
A man who was deported from the UK after being caught working illegally at Byron restaurants says he is "sad" about the way he was treated by immigration officials.
Eastleigh have signed midfielder Joe Cole from National League rivals Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones and Star Wars actress Gwendoline Christie is to join the cast of BBC Two's Top of the Lake, it has been announced.
Belfast-based financial technology company First Derivatives has reported a pre-tax profit of £42m for the six months to September.
A serial burglar who carried out a series of break-ins in Manchester has been banned from the city's rear alleyways.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is due to meet Prime Minister David Cameron in Downing Street to discuss the UK's EU membership referendum.
An inquiry into undercover policing in Scotland has been ordered by the Scottish government.
Lazio will play their next two Europa League matches behind closed doors after being banned from European competition for two matches.
A US judge has thrown out a request by the US government to force Apple to help unlock an iPhone.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes broke out between his supporters and protesters.
Ospreys and Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new contract with the Ospreys.
A girl has been airlifted to hospital after being mauled to death by a Staffordshire bull terrier.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
A vintage Pullman carriage used to carry Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral has been restored.
Thousands of naked people who took part in an art installation in Hull are to feature in a new exhibition.
Historic recordings of a family recording of Christmas and New Year celebrations have been heard by relatives for the first time after they were restored by the Museum of London.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after the BBC's Have I Got News for You programme aired a joke about Nigel Farage.
Engineers have built an octopus-like robotic arm that can operate in the operating theatre.
A steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway for the first time since returning to service last month.
A woman has been charged with being drunk and disorderly after a row broke out at a theatre during a performance of Michael Flatley's Lord of the Dance.
Radio Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire and Ceredigion shows are to move to a new studio in Powys, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ruled that five oil companies have violated the country's sovereignty over the Falkland Islands and ordered the seizure of their assets.
The Spitfire has crossed the finish line for the last time before it is retired from service.
The Energy and Climate Change Office (ECC) has published its long-awaited report into the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system.
An app that uses facial recognition technology to identify people online has been launched in the UK.
Rory McIlroy finished second as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama claimed his first PGA Tour title with victory in Shanghai.
A search is under way for a kayaker reported missing off the coast of County Down.
Facebook has announced plans to let businesses and other social networks post directly to its Messenger app.
It's that time of year again when the world's most powerful leaders gather at Buckingham Palace.
The US is to send special forces troops to Iraq to help local forces in their fight against so-called Islamic State (IS), Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian authorities have raided the offices of several US-based pro-democracy and human rights organisations as part of an investigation into alleged foreign funding.
The Museum of Natural History in London's Trafalgar Square is tucked away from view from the outside.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a Pembrokeshire beach.
A family from County Londonderry has said they are "angry" after Little Mix cancelled a concert in Belfast due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell.
Work has begun on a new World War Two Centenary Centre for the Battle of the Somme, featuring a replica Spitfire propeller.
Ryan Owens scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes moved level on points with Super League leaders Hull KR thanks to victory at Warrington.
South Africa is one of the world's most visited tourist destinations.
League One side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Emmanuel Agyemang-Badou Ndiaye for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq index of the world's most valuable share index, the Nasdaq, fell sharply on Wednesday after data showed US durable goods orders fell in February.
Sri Lankan domestic workers in Saudi Arabia are being held in a Saudi detention camp after fleeing alleged ill-treatment by their employers.
US President Barack Obama has vowed not to "unravel" the "fabric of America" after the Supreme Court ruled in favour of his signature healthcare law.
A great-grandfather who escaped from custody in 1974 and spent 40 years on the run has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have gathered in Cairo for the funeral of Pope Shenouda.
A man has been found dead in a road in Lincolnshire.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is in the midst of his first party conference since he took over from Ed Miliband, when he was elected leader of the Labour Party.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised England forward Marcus Rashford has been selected in his Euro 2016 squad.
MPs are to debate the government's same-sex marriage bill for the first time since it was introduced to Parliament in February.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been closed after a fire broke out at Dundee University.
Ricardo Santos scored twice to help Barnet to victory at Leyton Orient in League Two.
Wrexham's recent rise in the number of drug users has prompted fears that the city's problem is getting worse.
Zanzibar's presidential and parliamentary elections have been called off because of "gross irregularities" in Sunday's vote, the head of the country's electoral commission has said.
More than 5,000 jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union, figures show.
An investigation into a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria in April that killed more than 80 people has found no evidence of a deliberate release of the nerve agent Sarin.
Yemen's al-Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula (AQAP) has said it has agreed a deal with the Yemeni government to end a long-running dispute over the release of captured soldiers.
A Scottish man has been reunited with his lost suitbag after it was returned to him by a passenger who accidentally put it back in her wardrobe.
David Weir has been criticised by British Athletics for saying he has retired from international competition.
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut 76 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) in Northern Ireland is investigating an allegation of exam malpractice.
Ed Sheeran has surprised crowds at the T in the Park Festival with an unannounced set in front of a crowd of just 80 people.
Sierra Leone's former vice-president, Ernest Bai Koroma, helped to educate 10,000 people about Ebola before it was declared a public health emergency in the country in 2014.
Brentwood and Ongar MP Sir Eric Joyce has announced he is to stand down as an MP in June's general election.
Paris St-Germain missed the chance to go top of Ligue 1 as they were beaten at home by Lyon.
Juventus midfielder Federico Valverde has signed a new long-term contract with the Serie A champions.
Wearable technology is fast becoming the latest frontier in the tech world, with the latest gadgets from Microsoft, Apple and Fitbit proving to be no slouches.
Mother Teresa, the Roman Catholic nun who worked with the poor in India, is to be declared a saint after the Vatican declared a second miracle attributed to her.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Second hand values of Volkswagen (VW) cars have fallen slightly since the emissions scandal broke last year, research suggests.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple over a court order to unlock an iPhone.
A body found in the search for missing AirAsia flight QZ8501 has been formally identified as that of a passenger from the plane that crashed into the Java Sea off Borneo.
Oban Camanachd will play Beauly in the semi-final of the Camanachd Cup after a 2-1 win at Kilmallie.
Two suspected Islamist militants have been killed in a police raid in the Belgian town of Verviers, prosecutors say.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council staff to help catch dog owners who leave their pooches on the streets of Staffordshire.
A member of a railway club was horrified to discover a squirrel had run across the floor of his bar and turned on the tap at Caffrey's.
Scotland's Labour party is to call on Police Scotland to reveal what it knows about allegations that the force spied on MSPs.
A US man who spent 28 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of murder has been released from prison.
The City of Edinburgh is to penalise five traders for using communal bins meant for residents to dispose of their waste.
Relatives of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison have launched a legal challenge against the governor and the government over alleged breaches of human rights.
The Red Arrows will be replaced with new aircraft in the next year or two, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A terminally ill peer has written to the House of Lords to say he has decided to end his life because he wants to "put an end to this misery, pain and discomfort".
Stoke City defender Glen Johnson has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli is being investigated by French football's governing body after claiming he was subjected to monkey noises from Bastia fans during their 1-0 Ligue 1 defeat by Bastia on Saturday.
Members of the Rail Maritime and Transport Workers union (RMT) have voted to go on strike in a long-running dispute with Virgin Trains.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could miss the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury.
Top Gear presenter Chris Evans, UKIP leader Nigel Farage and Friends co-star Matthew Perry are just some of the names suggested on Twitter to replace him on the BBC's Top Gear.
Bumblebees in 17 European countries are dying at an unprecedented rate, according to a new survey of the world's bee population.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been released to his family, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has cancelled plans to use Wonder Woman as part of a year-long campaign to promote gender equality.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after a gas explosion damaged a yacht off the Aberdeenshire coast.
An asylum seeker housing campaigner has been found guilty of behaving in a racially aggravated manner at a far-right anti-refugee rally.
A young boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
People in Liverpool could be charged Â£1 a head for staying in the city under plans to increase council tax to help fund open spaces.
Nigeria's government says it has shut down a radio station which supports the breakaway state of Biafra.
A former homeless man has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours for his work with homeless people in London.
Boeing has shown off a new laser that can be folded into four parts and carried on the back of a drone.
Six people have been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of teenager Michael Appleton in north London.
Crusaders will travel to Glenavon on Saturday with a chance to secure second place in the Irish Premiership and a place in Sunday's Irish Cup final against Glenascale.
Former Liverpool striker John St John says football should pay for the care of former players who develop dementia as a result of playing the game.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the world's most popular sports.
A new portrait of Mozart has been painted to show the composer as an "obsessive driven" and "intense" composer.
Hundreds of 'Boris bikes' are to be installed in Manchester as part of a new city-wide hire scheme.
India completed a four-wicket victory over Sri Lanka in the second Test in Colombo to complete a 2-0 series victory.
Golf's world governing body has moved a major tournament from Florida to Mexico City, citing a lack of sponsorship from US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
A long-running legal battle over the introduction of minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland has come to a head again.
Status Quo fans around the world have been paying tribute to Rick Parfitt, who has died aged 69.
The Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate will rise to 9.5% from Sunday, putting pressure on car insurance premiums, the AA has warned.
Cheltenham Town's return to Yeovil Town, Queens Park Rangers' well-drilled free-kick routine and a red card for Danny Hylton were just some of the stories from Saturday's English Football League games.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his players' pre-season form ahead of Saturday's Betfred Cup group-stage opener against Montrose.
One of Scotland's leading academics has called on the Scottish government to withdraw plans to elect university leaders.
Cardiff City will not withdraw the contract offer on the table for Peter Whittingham.
Work is due to begin on a major decommissioning project at the Beatrice Wind Field in the Firth of Forth later.
World number one Mark Selby says he does not feel he has peaked as he bids to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope Fillon have been questioned by police over allegations of financial fraud.
Plymouth have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after their 1-0 defeat by Plymouth Argyle in the FA Cup.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel Smith on loan from National League rivals Wrexham until January.
Michael Ronson has been honoured with a sculpture in his home city of Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
A woman has been arrested over the theft of a mobile phone from One Direction fans' handsets.
A woman has died after being hit by a train at a level crossing.
Strictly Come Dancing contestant Patrick O'Donnell has said his dance off was a "disaster" after he was voted off the show.
The search is under way to find the next 'psychic octopus' to take on the role of Germany's Paul the Octopus at the Women's World Cup.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager Gary Lynch after relegation from the National League with the Seagulls.
A blind man has become the first blind person to win the World Conker Games title.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the back of his car.
A spooky-looking aircraft is being unveiled at the Paris Air Show, but its makers are being careful not to reveal too much about it.
How much do you know about the Greek community in London?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council (HRC) of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and of not doing enough to criticise Venezuela.
The Church of England is to begin divesting from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried for the Premier League table, not his position".
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals were dented as they were outclassed by Olympiakos at Old Trafford.
The US state department has urged Pakistan to take action against militants who have attacked an Indian air force base in the northern city of Pathankot.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan has returned to India, saying she feared she would die if she had not left.
Three senior Liberal Democrat politicians have lost their seats in Scotland in the general election.
Madagascar's parliament has voted to impeach President Hery Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook scored a career-best 263 as his side took control of the second Test against Pakistan with a four-wicket victory in Abu Dhabi.
Lecturers at Glasgow colleges have agreed to end a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
How unusual is it for a British plane to drop a British bomb in Syria?
The world's biggest bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Hampshire.
A suspected firearm has been found in north Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two teenage boys to death penalty for the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl who was found dead in a field in April.
Mexico's National Security Commissioner Luis Felipe Galindo has been fired over allegations he summarily killed 43 people during a police raid against a suspected drug gang.
Airlines and travel agents have been warned about security flaws in their flight bookings systems that could allow attackers to access passengers' flight details.
About 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service because of low morale, according to a survey by the Police Federation.
Leeds Rhinos moved level on points with Super League leaders Hull KR after a hard-fought victory over Salford Red Devils in high winds at Headingley.
Oxford's Westgate Road is to be turned into a pedestrian-only zone when a shopping centre reopens next year.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will consult with the Foreign Office over security in Bangladesh ahead of England's tour of the country in October.
The chief executive of Liverpool City Council and the leader of Lancashire County Council have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" there will be a new EU treaty to solve the eurozone crisis, as he embarks on a European trip this week.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has urged his players not to be "head down" ahead of Thursday's National League game at Tranmere Rovers.
A rare flower which produces a stench similar to rotting flesh is expected to bloom at Edinburgh Botanic Garden later.
Tyson Fury will fight Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch on 29 October despite being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Cambridgeshire.
Brainflight technology that allows people to control a drone using their brain waves has been developed.
A new demolition company has been chosen to carry out work at the site of a collapse which killed four people at the former Didcot A Power Station in Flintshire.
Indonesia's opposition PDI-P party appears to have performed better than expected in Wednesday's parliamentary election, early results show.
Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a formal offer to buy rival SABMiller in a deal that would create the world's biggest brewer.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced a £250m funding package to improve access to tennis courts across Britain.
The South West is set to receive the most money from a new fund to help councils build affordable second homes, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence program developed by US scientists is taking part in a high-stakes poker tournament in the US.
Two men have been jailed for the murder of a County Antrim takeaway restaurant owner.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has carried out a major offensive in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, targeting government-held areas and a hospital, reports say.
A French-Vietnamese man has been sentenced to three years in prison by a court in Vietnam for attempting to overthrow the government.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting who will reach the knockout stage of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in Brazil.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1bn) to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by customers who claimed it was charging too much for unsafe rides.
A lion which escaped from a national park in South Africa where a tourist was mauled to death last week is believed to be on the run, officials say.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey.
A former soldier has been jailed for the rape and manslaughter of a 15-year-old girl who was found dead in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked his entire cabinet, including the vice-president, amid reports of a power struggle within the governing party.
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station (ISS) has broken up in mid-air after losing contact with Earth.
The children in the schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley play with their crayons.
Two Britons and an Irish woman have died after a yacht capsized off the coast of Cape Town in South Africa.
Flooding caused by heavy rain in Norfolk has caused a number of homes to be flooded.
An antifreeze-poisoned cat has died after falling into a coma in Edinburgh, the Scottish SPCA has confirmed.
The Utah Owlz minor-league baseball team has apologised for a promotion for "Caucasian Heritage Night", saying it was a "misunderstand".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of abducting a woman from a house in Milton Keynes.
What do you do when you have the flu, but still want to perform at the MTV Video Music Awards?
Two men have died in a two-car crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title-winning season has been hailed as one of the most successful in the city's history.
Middlesex opener Nick Gubbins hit his maiden first-class century to help his side into a strong position against Somerset at Lord's.
Labour leadership candidate Ed Miliband has said he regrets the UK's involvement in the Iraq War but has not apologised for his decision.
A lifeboat crew has rescued a hen party from a river after their canoe capsized.
Doctor Who actor Peter Bradley is to play the role of Doctor Who co-creator William Hartnell in a special episode of the BBC One show later this year.
The European Commission has recommended in principle that it will take a positive decision on plans for a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
An image has been released of a man wanted in connection with the kidnap and attempted murder of a couple who were held against their will at their home in Kent.
Work has begun on a new community centre at Anglesey's former market hall.
Theresa May has been urged to take the "brave pill" and reform stop and search in England and Wales, saying it would be "very dangerous" not to get it right.
New Glentoran manager Gary Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the "best way to turn around" his side's poor start to the Premiership season.
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital.
Dundee manager Grant McCann has cancelled his players' day off after a poor display in Saturday's Scottish League Cup win over Stranraer.
Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 when Czechoslovakia broke away from the Soviet Union and joined the European Union.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it would be a "no-brainer" for the League One club to re-sign former Derby County midfielder Andy Barker.
A bowling pavilion and green from a Lincolnshire park is to be turned into a museum.
England qualified for the Women's Euro 2017 finals for the first time since 2002 thanks to a 2-0 victory over Belgium in Belgium.
Google has confirmed it has shut down its high-altitude internet drones Titan Aerospace.
Police are searching for a man who escaped from a Manchester hospital after jumping from a hospital window.
Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, was known as a "big personality" with a mischievous streak and a low opinion of authority.
British Lionhearts have been knocked out of the World Super-Bantamweight Boxing Series (WSB) in the semi-finals by Cuba.
Championship side Oldham made it through to the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a bonus-point win over Hull KR.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has said plans to turn the Evin prison complex into a park have been approved by the judiciary.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
Two men have been convicted of raping an under-age girl in Greater Manchester after the case against them was dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
The recent death of Cameroonian footballer Fabrice Muamba from suspected cardiac arrest is the latest in a series of high-profile deaths from cardiac arrest.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have both seen their audience share fall, according to the latest Radio Audience Research Institute figures.
One of Scotland's most important medieval philosophers is being celebrated at a festival in his home town of Duns.
Schalke have appointed former youth coach Marco Tedesco as their new head coach.
Celtic have been fined Â£100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group match against Galatasaray.
The towpath at an Aqueduct in Carmarthenshire is to be closed to the public while repairs are carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has issued new rules aimed at tackling "unacceptable conduct" at matches.
India's Maoist rebels first came to prominence in the country's northern states of Bihar and Jharkhand in the 1960s.
Scientists have traced the history of every cell in the human body back to its fertilised egg using a DNA "barcode".
Katie Storey became the most successful female Paralympian in Para-cycling history with victory in the women's road race at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for seven years for accepting a bribe.
The prime minister has defended his government's "progressive" agenda in his first Queen's Speech since the EU referendum, saying it combines economic security with life chances for all.
Two crocodiles have been shot and examined by police searching for a boy who was mauled to death by a saltwater crocodile in Australia.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side will not be judged by their 0-0 draw against Switzerland in their Euro 2016 warm-up match at Wembley on Monday.
An app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire who are at risk of taking their own life.
Two County Down men have been given suspended prison sentences for disposing of a large quantity of discarded tyres on a County Londonderry beach.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by an innings and 10 runs in the first Test in Colombo to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall in the Philippines, bringing heavy rain and strong winds to the capital Manila.
Ireland fast bowler Craig Rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Zinedine Zidane's first game in charge of Real Madrid - 27 February 2016 - was a difficult one.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has unveiled its new summer schedule for 2017-18.
A "five-figure sum" is expected to be spent to repair a 19th Century market cross damaged in a suspected drink-drive crash.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion, off the coast of Mauritius, is a French overseas department of France.
The new US secretary of state has met Russia's foreign minister for the first time as the Trump administration seeks to improve relations with Moscow.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under 66 to move within one shot of leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the US PGA Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian head coach Alan Stubbs as their new manager after the Easter Road club accepted his resignation.
Iraqi Kurds living in northern Iraq say they fear they could be forced to leave their homes again under the threat of the collapse of Mosul Dam, one of the country's largest hydroelectric dams.
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned a lesson from Twitter - think before you retweet.
A butcher has said he is "gutted" after thieves stole 25 turkeys, ducks, chickens and pigs from his shop.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka won her first match since giving birth to son Leo.
Leeds Rhinos say it will be six months before they can return to their Kirkstall training ground after flood water contaminated the site.
Six teenagers who died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a party in a remote part of northern Germany have been named by police.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group used propaganda and social media to spread itself as an anti-corruption force, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says he is excited by the pace of this year's Formula 1 season, as he and team-mate Valtteri Bottas hope to close the gap on Mercedes.
Scientists have discovered the first evidence of high-altitude heat rising in the upper atmosphere of Jupiter's Great Red Spot.
Bradford Bulls will return to the Rugby Football League in 2013 after their new owners Shahid Khan and David Sutcliffe were granted membership by the RFL.
Leicester Riders are aiming to add the British Basketball League title to the BBL Trophy they have already won after reaching the Women's Big League play-off final.
Kilmarnock moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe, according to a new study.
At least two people have been killed in a suspected hit-and-run in the centre of the French capital, Paris, after a car crashed into a police barrier, officials say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday sales and online shopping, official figures show.
A horse that was wrongly declared the winner of a Group One race at the Sandown Festival has been withdrawn from a race after a scan revealed it was the wrong horse.
The chances of the UK leaving the European Union are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary has said.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
France's President Francois Hollande has urged people not to fear the worst at the site of the former Nazi concentration camp at Natzweiler-Struthof in northern France.
Google has offered a $12 (Â£8) reward to a student who accidentally took over the Google.com web address.
An inquiry into the policing of the so-called "Battle of Orgreave" at the 1984 Hillsborough disaster could be launched as soon as possible, peers have been told.
Kris Johnson scored a stoppage-time winner as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Motherwell in the Scottish Premiership.
He is one of the world's richest men - but Chuck Feeney is not well known to most people.
An MP who left his wife to marry his fiancee says he has been the victim of a "vicious smear campaign" after being re-elected in his Stoke-on-Trent Central constituency.
Some companies in India have declared a public holiday on Friday to allow workers to attend the release of Rajinikanth's latest film.
Former NBA basketball player Lamar Odom is in hospital after being found unconscious at a Nevada brothel.
It's been an eventful week for the European Union.
Brad Wiggins says he "stands by" his claim he had never had an illegal performance-enhancing injection.
More than 1,000 spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk field as part of a project to boost numbers of a rare species.
Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has named its candidates for the presidency after Aung San Suu Kyi failed to reach a deal with the army.
A 17-year-old girl is using artificial intelligence to help doctors diagnose breast cancer.
Sudan's state-run TV has urged Muslims to join up for "jihad" against South Sudan's government and President Omar al-Bashir, as South Sudan forces occupy the town of Heglig in northern Sudan.
More than 1,000 people have objected to plans for a new housing development in a Gloucestershire village.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen sharply since the country voted to leave the European Union in June's referendum, official figures show.
John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for a "difficult" painting depicting a leper squint.
One of Nigeria's most wanted kidnappers, who was arrested in Lagos last month, is suing the police for damages.
Northern Ireland striker Steven Paterson says his team are "only to blame" for their 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan in Baku.
The finance minister has not responded to a request to appear before the Irish parliament's finance committee to answer questions about the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Flooding caused by a burst water main flooded a railway station in south-east London.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering his abdication, according to reports from Japanese media.
A company planning to drill a deep borehole for shale gas in County Fermanagh has been told it will not be allowed to go ahead.
Accountants' group the Chartered Institute of Accountants has called for 40 Welsh MPs to be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly if the Conservatives win May's general election.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European Union countries after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Napping for more than 60 minutes during the day increases the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team missed out on a place at the Winter Paralympics after a shock play-off defeat by Slovakia.
The exhumation of the remains of a man shot by the army in 1972 is being investigated by police as part of an inquiry into the Army's use of excessive force during the Troubles.
David Kelman is among the writers shortlisted for this year's Saltire Scottish Book of the Year awards.
Nottingham Forest's 2-0 win over Derby County in the derby at the City Ground on Saturday will be remembered as one of the greatest derby victories in the history of the game.
House prices in the East of England have continued to rise, outpacing the rate of increase in the rest of the UK, official figures show.
Nurses in London are being tempted to move outside the capital because of the lower cost of living, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) says.
Karrueche Tristan Brown has said she's had "had enough" of Chris Brown.
The family of a Texas woman who was found hanged in a jail cell three days after being arrested have denied she took her own life.
The United Nations is embarking on what is being billed as its most transparent and democratic selection process to date.
Pop group N-Dubz have revealed they are celebrating four nominations at this year's Mobo Awards in Los Angeles.
Six teenagers have been arrested as part of a police investigation into drug dealing in Gloucestershire.
England batsman Stephen Cook has been named in the South Africa squad for the fourth Test against England at Headingley on Saturday.
Some anti-fascists who took part in a counter-demonstration were "some of the most intolerant people you could come across", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on their first official visit to the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan.
The area of ice covered by glaciers in the French Alps has fallen sharply over the last 40 years, according to a new study.
The owner of a luxury buy-to-let property company is being investigated by the Equality and Human Rights Commission over claims he racially discriminated against Asian tenants.
At least six people have been killed after a train derailed and exploded in Bulgaria's north-east, causing a fire that spread to a nearby village, officials say.
A man has pleaded guilty to stealing a woman's handbag before she fell to her death from a motorway bridge.
Lewis Hamilton thanked his Mercedes team-mates, family and fans for everything they have done for him as he celebrated winning his first world title.
A motorcyclist who killed a nine-year-old boy in Greece has been given a suspended jail sentence for causing his death by dangerous driving.
A life-size Lady Penelope puppet made by Thunderbirds creator Ken Anderson is being auctioned.
GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths are to be revamped in England, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles.
The government is considering curbs on the rights of Romanian and Bulgarian migrants to live and work in the UK, the BBC has learned.
A former vicar has been jailed for 10 years for downloading indecent images of children and encouraging a 15-year-old girl to engage in sexual activity.
An A&E waiting time target of four hours in England has been met for the first time in a year, figures show.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has called for an investigation into why foster parents in Rotherham were barred from adopting their three children because they were UKIP members.
An Aberdeen tennis fan has bet £100,000 on Andy Murray to win a record-breaking £1,000 prize money at the Australian Open.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a man was seriously injured in a "violent attack" in Edinburgh.
Mexican authorities have captured fugitive former Tamaulipas Governor Manuel Yarrington, who is wanted by the United States on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Chesterfield held Colchester to a goalless draw in League One thanks to a late equaliser from Joe Bonne.
London's Tower Bridge is to be closed to traffic until 2018 to allow essential maintenance work to be carried out.
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on ITV's The Voice UK, it has been announced.
Enid Blyton is to release a series of adult versions of her famous Famous Five books.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in the head.
A reality TV show could have a negative impact on the Essex town of Brentwood if it comes to an end, a council leader has warned.
A woman has been charged in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl who disappeared from south-east London in 2001.
Facebook has become the latest technology company to sign a patent licensing deal with Microsoft after buying AOL's patents.
British and Irish Lions flanker Tommy Bowe made his return from injury as Ulster A beat Ulster A in the Pro12 on Thursday.
US President Donald Trump says he does not have any recordings of conversations he had with fired FBI director James Comey.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said he would call for an independent inquiry into the NHS in Wales if his party wins power.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has been "rushed" into taking charge of the Tynecastle club, according to director of football Craig Levein.
Residents are being asked to patrol Wales' mountains in a bid to stop grass fires being started deliberately.
US President Barack Obama's hometown of Chicago has been shortlisted to house his presidential library, beating out the cities of Honolulu, Hawaii and New York City.
Japanese carmaker Toyota Motor has cut its profit forecast for 2016-17, blaming a weaker yen and a weaker US dollar.
A woman who changed her middle name to Skywalker has had her passport cancelled by the Passport Office.
Two brothers and a sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Ballymena athlete Ciara Mitchell and Londonderry runner-up Michael Kirk-Smith have won the steeplechase titles at the Santry meeting.
Rangers and Dundee United will meet in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, 16 April.
The story of Bisma Bhutto, a toddler who died after being turned away from a hospital in Pakistan's port city of Karachi, has caused outrage on social media.
The families of six men who died when a scrap metal recycling plant's concrete wall collapsed on them have called for answers about why they died.
Queen's Park moved off the bottom of the Scottish League One table with a comfortable victory over Queen's Park.
Coventry City Council has become the largest local authority in England and Wales to accept Syrian refugees.
A Nigerian man who tried to blow himself up on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit has been sentenced to life in prison by a US judge.
Holiday firm Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the Tunisian terror attack in the city of Sousse in June.
A wartime bomblet found washed up on a Dumfries and Galloway beach poses no danger to the public, police have said.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case brought by Christian groups opposed to the Obama administration's contraception mandate.
An attempt to fly a solar-powered plane around the world using just the Sun's energy has been called off because of poor weather conditions.
Celtic's 13-year-old Karamoko Dembele has become the club's youngest-ever substitute.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman Gary Brown says Colin Gordon's time as interim head coach has been the best he has seen in charge of the club.
Radio stations across the US have been affected by a hack attack after a sexual podcast was broadcast from a popular streaming box.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini will leave the Etihad Stadium with a Premier League top-four place after Swansea City held his side to a goalless draw.
American Tom Watson will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Shenzhen International.
Tom Doughty scored a late equaliser as Millwall beat Swindon Town in the first game under interim boss Neil Williams in League One.
Theresa May should "take responsibility for letting austerity damage her ability to keep people safe" after the London Bridge and Borough Market attack, Labour has said.
Former Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds has died aged 94.
Coventry City Council has held a human chain to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the city centre during World War Two.
British singer-songwriter Robin Sarstedt, best known for his hit single Where Do You Go to (My Lovely), has died aged 69.
Former children's laureate Laurence Blackman is to produce and star in a BBC One drama about her novel Noughts and Crosses, it has been announced.
Six men have been charged with a series of child sex offences, police have said.
Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
BP has withdrawn its non-essential staff from Libya, saying it will return to the country when it is "safe to do so".
Head teachers in England are used to being booed and heckled by ministers.
A fire broke out at Altnagelvin Hospital in County Londonderry on Thursday.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-ITV security officer Michael Hayden who was stabbed to death in east London.
The mother of a teenager who died after being hit by a train has launched a support programme for pupils at his school.
One of the stars of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filth".
The UK is to become the first country in the world to import hydro-electric power from Norway and use it to power its homes and businesses.
A man who risked his own life to help people affected by the Manchester Arena attack has praised people for "pulling together" in the wake of the attack.
A lion that escaped from a national park in South Africa last June and went on a sheep-killing spree is on the run again, officials say.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign has come to an end.
Ipswich Town moved off the bottom of the Championship with a comfortable win over Queens Park Rangers at Portman Road.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says it is "very worried" about the spread of Ebola in Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Sixteen petrol bombs have been found in Londonderry after a petrol bomb attack on police officers.
The latest satellite in the European Space Agency's Earth-observation programme, Sentinel-1b, has blasted off into space.
Fishermen's leaders have said leaving the European Union should be a "no brainer" for the industry.
A bus driver has died in a crash with a car in North Yorkshire in which a private ambulance was involved.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has agreed a new contract with the La Liga champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran admits Saturday's game against Ross County will be the biggest game of his career and one of his players' careers.
A Fife man has described the "devastating" damage to his cars after flash flooding caused by heavy overnight rain.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "urgent improvements" to its finances if it is to continue to provide good quality services, according to a public spending watchdog.
A man has been jailed for 30 years for raping a woman 30 years ago.
A centenarian from China has made a significant contribution to the development of the Chinese language.
Stevenage have signed former Barnet and York City striker Jordan Hyde on a short-term deal.
The Crucible Theatre's revival of Show Boat is among the nominees for this year's outstanding contribution to British theatre award.
Steven Naismith hopes Norwich City's new manager, Daniel Farke, will give him the chance to show his worth at Carrow Road.
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in animals.
Work has begun on a new development of shops, restaurants and flats on the site of a former Oxford car park.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament, following the overthrow of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in January.
Johnny Cash's son, Carter Cash, has announced the release of an unreleased album of his late father's songs.
Children who have experienced domestic abuse as a child are three times more likely to develop poor health later in life than those who have not, research suggests.
An ex-Celtic FC kit man is to stand trial in Belfast Crown Court charged with child sex offences.
Three Scottish runners have been selected for Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale manager Robert Ribeiro has been sacked by the club.
Some secondary schools in England are closing or attempting to close their libraries because of budget cuts, teachers are warning.
Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl sydd wedi marw oherwydd "maint a chymhlethdod" yr adeilad yng nghysgod Grenfell.
Bournemouth could be fined £35,000 by the Football Association after admitting breaching its anti-doping code.
The funeral of a Tudor princess who was cast aside by Henry VIII has been held at Leicester Cathedral for the first time since her death in 1536.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to World War Two codebreaker Alan Turing.
US President Barack Obama has visited the former home of Bob Marley as he made his first visit to Jamaica since taking office.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Wycombe Wanderers has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Boundary Park.
Russell Knox says it will be an honour to play alongside former Masters champion Sandy Lyle when he takes on Rory McIlroy at this week's tournament at Augusta National.
Middlesex all-rounder Matt Simpson has signed a new contract to stay with the club until June 2019.
A US judge has blocked President Donald Trump's plan to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities that do not comply with his immigration orders.
Few Christian refugees will be allowed to come to the UK under government plans to resettle refugees from Syria, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say they have found the remains of 14 female foetuses in a village in the state.
Wales Women's Women's Rugby Union made it two wins out of two in the autumn internationals with a bonus-point victory over the UK Armed Forces.
A man has been jailed for making a "malicious call" to a hospital in Inverness which resulted in the evacuation of 20 patients.
The Smiths once discussed the possibility of re-forming the band, but the idea never came to pass.
Motherwell have appointed Mark McGhee as their new manager.
The world's food supply could be threatened by climate change and rising sea levels, according to a new report.
Rail services between Northumberland and Edinburgh have resumed after a power cut caused major disruption to services on the East Coast Main Line.
A blood test could be used to spot early signs of ovarian cancer, according to a small study in the US.
What is it about England's recent performances in the Six Nations that is making people ask what is wrong?
Two more bodies have been found in the rubble of a building destroyed by a gas explosion in New York City on Saturday.
Blackberry maker Motorola has unveiled its latest Android-powered handset at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
Millions of people gather in cities around the world every year to take part in a religious festival called a pilgrimage to the River Ganges.
A man has died after being stabbed to death in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural of Alice in Wonderland at a primary school in Edinburgh.
British number two Kyle Edmund was beaten by third seed Stan Wawrinka in straight sets in the quarter-finals of the Cincinnati Masters.
St Johnstone striker John MacLean has signed a new one-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Twenty years ago this month, a sheep called Dolly the Sheep was brought to life by an experimental technique called "therapeutic cloning".
A man who arranged to meet an 11-year-old girl at a shopping centre only to be confronted by a vigilante group has been jailed for six years.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a series of suicide attacks on Kurdish-led forces defending the Syrian town of Kobane, near the Turkish border.
Work on a new footbridge over the River Adur in West Sussex will begin in August after the cost of the project was reduced by a third.
An ex-soldier who survived the Nazi concentration camp at Auschwitz is celebrating his 100th birthday.
Police are investigating the discovery of a skull in a field in County Fermanagh.
Manchester City will play Manchester United in the first of a series of pre-season friendlies under new manager Pep Guardiola in China.
Glasgow-based generator firm Aggreko has announced plans to cut annual costs by £25m after reporting a sharp fall in profits.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of being involved in the Kingsmills massacre.
A man who posed as a clown near a school in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by the incident.
In the Russian community here in Turkey, the mood is one of shock and shock.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore the upper floors of the fire-ravaged Clandon Park House in Surrey.
I have been talking to people in Wales for a number of weeks about the implications of the EU referendum result.
Mae adar gerddi Cymru yn y gaeaf yng Nghymru i adar cywir ac enwau'r adar eraill.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal as Preston North End beat Norwich City 1-0 at Carrow Road.
Two cows have died after eating toxic tree cuttings dumped in Conwy county, police have said.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called "Trojan Horse" schools scandal have been told to address "serious concerns" about the way they are run by the education minister.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan for the rest of the season.
A GP who admitted punching a patient three times to the head has had his registration suspended by a medical tribunal.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murdering another teenager who was stabbed to death in Leeds.
Spencer Meaden has thanked fans for their support after winning the final of The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to be remade for the small screen by Fox, according to reports.
James Faulkner became the latest Australian to take a one-day international hat-trick as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the second match of the series.
The UK government has passed a motion to ban the activities of the so-called Islamic State (IS) and four other jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq.
Estonia is the largest of the three Baltic states - Estonia, also known as Estonia-Balkan - and the smallest of the former Soviet states.
Residents of Dumfries and Galloway are being asked what they want to see done to the town's schools.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade will leave the Championship club at the end of the season after their relegation from the Premier League.
Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been found guilty of breaching the privacy of two naturists and a couple who had sex on their patio.
An inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has been opened by the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee after a request from the chairman of the Law Society of Ireland.
Spanish man Ignacio Echeverría, one of the victims of the London Bridge and Borough Market terror attack, is to be honoured for his "heroic act".
British number one Rory McIlroy is out of The Open at Royal Birkdale after a disastrous final round of 75.
Former X Factor judge Jade Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
The Humber Bridge could be given a glass lift and gondola to allow visitors to ride to the top of its North Tower under plans to build a visitor centre.
Have you been keeping up with the latest news from the BBC News website?
Bromley moved off the bottom of the National League with a 1-0 victory over Torquay at the Recreation Ground.
Labour has announced plans to allow grandparents to share in unpaid parental leave if it wins the general election.
Australia rower Sarah Tait, who won a silver medal at the London 2012 Olympics, has died aged 40.
Shakespeare's Richard III is to be staged at Leicester Cathedral in July, despite criticism from a group opposed to the show.
A housing leader has been chosen as the new head of Wales' complaints office.
A space technology company based in Belfast has gone into administration with the loss of eight jobs.
New Zealand will play South Africa in the quarter-finals of the World Cup for a place in the semi-finals for the first time after thrashing France at Eden Park.
A new satellite has been launched from the International Space Station to take pictures of the Peruvian Andes.
Turkey's prime minister has said his military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq could have a "dangerous game" for the entire region.
Details of West Ham's lease to use the Olympic Stadium should be made public, the Information Commissioner has ruled.
Jockey Kerry Payne is being investigated by Australian stewards after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Europa League in the second qualifying round.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests are worth US $2.9 billion (Â£2.4bn).
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes was disappointed his side failed to produce a near-perfect display to beat Celtic in the Scottish Cup final.
More than 700 employers in London have signed up for the city's voluntary higher rate of the living wage.
Pamela Geller, a right-wing blogger from the US state of Texas, is one of the country's most prominent anti-Islam activists.
Former McLaren boss Ronny Wurz has been asked to take over from Ronny Ryan as managing director of the Manor Marussia Formula 1 team.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a new study by the United Nations.
South Korea's Byeong An carded a six-under-par 66 to win his maiden European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the US PGA Championship at Baltusrol.
Aberdeen missed the chance to reach the Europa League second qualifying round after a 2-0 defeat by Fola Esch at Pittodrie.
Conor McGregor has confirmed he will fight at UFC 200 after being pulled from the card.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin pulled out of the race.
A derelict warehouse door painted with the face of a former Cheltenham shopkeeper is to be restored after it was donated to an art gallery.
Boris Johnson is under investigation by the Foreign Office for breaching the Foreign Secretary's code of conduct.
US President Barack Obama has named his nominee to be the next director of the FBI.
A row of derelict beach huts in Northamptonshire are to be restored with the help of £700,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Russia's military says the flight data recorder from a Russian jet shot down over Syria in November will not be able to reveal the identity of the pilot and co-pilot killed in the incident.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday's first practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC), Gillian Triggs, has said she rejected a "disgraceful" offer of a job with the government.
More needs to be known about twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) in the UK, a hospital consultant has said.
Commonwealth Games gold medallist Lizzie King says she could make Great Britain's women's team pursuit squad for the 2016 Games in Glasgow.
Qandeel Baloch, the Pakistani social media star who was shot dead on Tuesday after posting naked photos of herself on her Facebook page, once said: "I am an inspiration to women who are treated badly by society.
Poland's Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of Nazi concentration camp guards who worked at the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp during World War Two.
British judo star and Olympic silver medallist Andy Murray has become the first black belt to represent Great Britain at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri called his players "gladiators" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died after a car crashed into a tree in Manchester.
Hundreds of people have joined a search of a Wiltshire forest for a missing woman who vanished after leaving a Swindon nightclub.
Health Minister Simon Hamilton has announced an extra £1.5m of funding for autism assessments in Northern Ireland.
A torpedo has been found in Portsmouth Harbour during dredging work for the Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth.
Talks between Labour and Plaid Cymru to elect a new first minister are expected to resume on Monday.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that he fears the Cold War could soon be over.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after scientists discovered it off the coast of Panama.
Scientists have produced a super-strong glue based on the sticky mucus of a slug that could be used as a patch on the skin or as a wound dresser.
An NHS 111 provider has been told to make "significant improvements" to the service after inspectors found it was "not clinically assured" of its safety.
Two British girls who were rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Indonesia have told their mother they had to swim for eight hours before seeing the lights of fishermen.
A council has advertised the site of a disused hospital in Denbighshire in a bid to sell it.
When McLaren-Honda say they are disappointed with the result of this year's Hungarian Grand Prix, it is easy to see why.
Police have appealed for information after a "significant" amount of money was stolen from three women's purses at an Aberdeen cadet base.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Radio City Rockettes will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
A cruise ship that crashed into a tugboat with 362 passengers on board, injuring nine of them, was "unintentionally" turning, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Down have appealed for information about a bonfire in the town on Monday night.
A Pembrokeshire man has pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a woman at the dock at Swansea Crown Court.
David Malick, Tom Ford and Wim Wenders have been named as official selections for this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye says he has been placed under house arrest after losing the presidential election to President Yoweri Museveni.
Tributes have been paid to a Cardiff woman who died in a head-on car crash.
Scotland's World Cup hopes are still alive after they came from 17-0 down to draw with South Africa at Twickenham.
Spain's banks will need a total of 59bn euros (Â£53bn) of additional state aid to plug a "hole" in their finances, the European Commission has said.
"Everyone thinks I'm British," says British tennis player Johanna Konta.
Liza Minnelli has cancelled a series of concerts in the UK, including one in London and one in Sheffield.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal John "Goldfinger" Palmer, who was shot dead at his home in Essex.
A 37-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman found stabbed to death at a flat in north London.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, social media was abuzz with reaction to the news that a white man had carried out a terror attack on a mosque in London.
One of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests his brother Philip was with him when the first crush began at Hillsborough.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has announced he will not be performing at this year's Brit Awards because of "personal reasons".
Former Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he is hoping to sign a short-term deal with a non-league club before returning to the Football League in January.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to leave the Premier League champions to join Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee, subject to passing a medical.
Children's charity Kids Company received at least £42m of public money despite repeated concerns about its financial management, a government watchdog has found.
The family of a missing Bristol man whose body was found in Monaco have said they feel "terrified" after learning his body was not returned to the UK until two weeks after he died.
Lewis Hamilton and team-mate Nico Rosberg say they will use this weekend's Spanish Grand Prix as a chance to extend their lead in the world championship.
An Alabama man has been charged with kidnapping his son, who had been missing since 2002.
The future of Wales' forests should not be reduced, the environment minister has said.
Ofcom has expressed "concerns" about the decline in the amount of drama being shown on the main UK TV channels.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said it would be "better if all parties refrain from making comment while the investigation into the death of Peter Bayoh is taking place".
The route of the Olympic Torch Relay has been announced.
Whistleblower Wikileaks says it will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme once it has "effectively disarmed" the material.
You drive into Ulsan, South Korea's biggest shipyard, and it is hard to recognise the place.
A woman who died in a house fire in Denbighshire was killed by carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
Great Britain's men's road cycling team have won their first gold medal at the Track Cycling World Cup in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
How do we know if a drug is safe and effective when it is first tested on humans?
Thousands of Army personnel are to lose their jobs as part of government cuts to the armed forces, the BBC has learned.
A group of people with learning disabilities have been taking part in an arts project to raise awareness of disability.
Eduardo Varela scored a late equaliser as the USA twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw with Portugal and keep alive their hopes of reaching the World Cup last 16.
British Rowing says it is "looking into" claims of bullying by one of its coaches, after a rower claimed he was a "massive bully".
Stem cells have been used as "mini pharmacies" to deliver cancer-killing toxins to the site of a brain tumour, according to US scientists.
A speeding driver has been found guilty of causing serious and permanent disabilities to two children who were knocked down and seriously injured in Leeds.
A British man has broken the world record for the most people bouncing up and down on a pogo stick at the same time.
Plans to build a new railway stop in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police are appealing for help to trace a missing car thought to have been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for two decades.
England Under-20 World Cup winner Lauren Mead hopes to follow in the footsteps of England internationals Jordan Nobbs, Jill Scott and Steph Houghton and reach the Women's Super League One top flight.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors centre Joe Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Three cats have been put down after being poisoned in Carmarthenshire, the RSPCA has said.
England Under-21 international Benik Afobe has applied to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 for the day of the general election in a bid to encourage young people to vote.
The story of a gay couple's unlikely friendship during the 1984 miners' strike in Neath Port Talbot is being brought to the big screen in a new film.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has expressed his "deep sadness" after a suicide bomber blew himself up in Iraq, killing at least 36 people at a football match.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a new tourist zone on the Red Sea coast, which will include luxury hotels and a nature reserve.
More than 30 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a Citroën dealership.
Fleetwood Rovers missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw at home by Tranmere Rovers.
A United Nations committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to promote an integrated education system.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a man who died after being hit by a car.
The original artwork for the original album sleeve for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper is one of the world's most valuable album sleeves, according to a new list.
Juan Martin del Potro reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time since 2014 with a five-set victory over third seed Stan Wawrinka.
An earthquake has struck the central Italian region of Abruzzo, close to where a deadly quake killed almost 300 people in 2009.
The Northern Ireland Hotels Federation has called on the tourism industry to come up with a strategy for growth in the sector.
Two people have appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a two-year-old boy who drowned at a water park.
It’s not often that you’ll hear Walt Disney explain how they’re going to use technology to tell stories.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has signed a new long-term contract with the Premier League champions for an undisclosed fee.
A number of paintings believed to be by Adolf Hitler have sold at auction in Germany for more than double their estimated price.
A coalition of football supporters has dropped its call for a public inquiry into West Ham's deal to rent the Olympic Stadium.
Northern Ireland's first minister has said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to assess her options for resolving the Stormont budget crisis.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says more needs to be done to improve his side's mental and physical game ahead of the World Cup.
A man has captured the moment a bottlenose dolphin attacked a harbour porpoise off Aberdeen Harbour.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has told his staff to "do their jobs or go to jail", as he launched his second term in office.
An investigation is under way into the cause of a fire which destroyed a 16th Century hall in Manchester.
A wind turbine has collapsed at a wind farm in County Londonderry.
More than 200,000 people in Ukraine have been left without electricity after a cyber-attack on a power substation outside the capital, Kiev.
Olympic and world champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
Fox News has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine to succeed Roger Ailes as chief executive and executive vice-president, respectively.
India's Supreme Court has refused to allow one of the two Italian marines accused of illegally shooting dead two fishermen in the southern Indian state of Kerala to go home for Christmas.
Muhammad Ali's death has prompted an outpouring of tributes on social media from around the world.
Scotland Yard's anti-corruption unit, once known as the "ghost squad", is investigating allegations of bribery, corruption and organised crime, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister to urge her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
John Parkinson has been re-elected as Guernsey's new States and Chief Justice after winning the St Peter Port North by-election.
Canada has lifted a ban on beef imports from the European Union (EU) imposed after the spread of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE).
Brecon Barracks in the Powys town of Brecon will close in 2024, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced a ban on Twitter.
The Duke of Kent has been admitted to hospital after being treated for a minor head injury.
Women from black and ethnic minority groups are being offered English language training as part of a Scottish government scheme aimed at getting more women into work.
More than 200 prisoners who escaped from a jail in the northern Brazilian city of Manaus where a deadly riot broke out in January are still on the run.
Shane Williams has retired from rugby union with the Ospreys to play in Japan.
Shares in mining companies have fallen sharply after a sharp fall in the value of the Chinese yuan hit iron ore and copper prices.
A UK ticket-holder has won a £24.6m Euromillions jackpot - the UK's biggest ever - after matching all six winning numbers.
A man suspected of carrying out a suicide attack in China's restive Xinjiang region in which 56 people were killed has been arrested, state media say.
The death of a young boy from suspected drowning in Aberdeenshire is among the front pages of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, Matt Lucas and Fisayo Akinade are among the stars set to appear in a BBC One adaptation of Shakespeare's The Dream.
An autistic girl has been offered the chance to "chime" the Westminster Abbey's famous chimes on a national radio show.
Police searching for a missing man have found a body.
Northern Ireland's prison watchdog has criticised prison staff for the "inadequate response" to the death of a prisoner in Londonderry.
Human remains believed to be from Roman times have been discovered during an archaeological dig at a site in Peterborough.
Canada's new Liberal government has dropped its appeal against a ruling that a Muslim woman's right to wear the full-face veil known as the niqab when she became a Canadian citizen was violated.
Residents of a remote Japanese island are concerned about the number of feral cats living there after a sudden rise in visitors.
British actress Keira Knightley and French musician James Righton have married in a church service in southern France.
Labour would increase the amount of money paid to carers in the UK if it wins power, the party's leader is to say.
Justin Bieber has been released from hospital after a 57-year-old man was hit by his car and left with non-life-threatening injuries.
Media across Europe are warning that the UK's decision to leave the European Union risks "dragging Western Europe towards its downfall".
Edinburgh moved up to second in the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
A French woman has been found guilty of murdering her three children and hiding their bodies in the back garden of her parents' home.
Sale's hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were all but ended as they were outclassed by French champions Clermont Auvergne at Stade Francais.
Scotland's first and deputy first minister is expected to set out the Scottish government's plans for a Named Person Service later.
The family of a French student who has been missing since October have renewed their appeal for help to trace him.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app has said he is "taking security seriously" after a flaw was discovered in the app.
In Scotland, pubs are divided into two camps.
Businesses in Snowdonia are being asked to donate money to help pay for training for 48 young people who want to work outdoors.
The US national security adviser to former President Barack Obama has said she was "surprised" and "shocked" by President Donald Trump's claim that she asked the intelligence community to reveal the identities of US officials caught up in surveillance.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
West Indies will play Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 final after Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard produced a stunning run-chase to beat Australia in the semi-final in Colombo.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he is "happy to make a decision" on Wilfried Zaha's decision to play for Ivory Coast.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has defended Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after being jeered at a leadership debate in Edinburgh.
Ryan McManus scored twice as Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in Scottish League One.
Dairy farmers across the UK will soon be able to produce as much milk as they want, thanks to the removal of quotas.
Labour candidate Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport County chairman Gary Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.
More than 50 people are still in hospital after a riot broke out at the Maruti Suzuki car plant in the northern Indian city of Haryana.
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens says relegation to the Six Nations would be "a debate to be had in a couple of years time".
A man has been threatened with a gun during a robbery in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led the orchestra in a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony in Germany.
Sierra Leone has declared a state of emergency across the country as efforts to contain the deadly Ebola virus continue.
Germany's Maximilian Walz won gold in the men's kayak single sculls at the European Canoeing Championships in Rotterdam.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main electricity line between Aberdeen and Inverness, the National Grid has said.
A Labour MP has been suspended from her parliamentary assistant post over anti-Semitic comments she made on Facebook.
A Polish man has been found guilty of plotting to bomb parliament in Warsaw, sparking fears of a terror attack that could have left the country "with the ruins of the state".
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea is restarting nuclear activity at its Yongbyon site.
An Australian woman has been dubbed "Bear Grylls" after a koala became stuck head-first in her car grill when it was hit by a speeding motorist.
Leeds United have signed striker Jonas Antononsson from Swedish top-flight club Kalmar on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Michael Leahy from Falkirk for an undisclosed fee.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, has arrested a man suspected of making Islamist remarks on the internet under a false name.
Voting is under way in Hong Kong's first local elections since the "Umbrella Movement" led to mass protests in the city last year.
Premier League leaders Chelsea returned to the top of the table with a comfortable win over West Brom, while Arsenal and Burnley also won to move level on points with the leaders.
French comedian Dieudonne has been detained after posting on Facebook that he was "feeling like Charlie Coulibaly" after the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for a "regrettable typographical error" in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A young girl has died after being struck by an elephant at a zoo in Morocco after being hit by a stone thrown by the animal, officials say.
A man is being sought by police after a woman was assaulted in a McDonald's car park in Newtownbutler, County Antrim.
The government will need to introduce 15 new Brexit-related laws before the UK leaves the European Union, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) warns.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says he would have "dived" if he had been involved in the incident involving Raheem Sterling in the 2-2 draw with Tottenham.
Labour leader Ed Miliband's leadership is as bad as under Michael Foot when the party was in "dire straits", former Welsh Secretary Robert Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is good enough to play for England, says England assistant coach Tony Monye.
Police Scotland's roll-out of a new national call-handing system has been described as "extremely disappointing" by the chief inspector of constabulary.
Liverpool hairdresser Herbert Howe, known as "Liverpool's Father Christmas", has died.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, sending a plume of smoke and ash into the air.
Exeter City captain Gary Butterfield says his playing career is "slowly coming to an end" as he prepares to take up a coaching role with the League Two club.
A Chinese restaurant in China has become the first in the country to serve dog food to its customers.
An extra £20m is to be invested into general practice in Scotland over the next year as part of a new contract for GPs.
Hilary Mantel's debut novel, Someone Else's Skin, has won a crime novel of the year award.
A couple who claim they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital after their baby was taken from them and taken into foster care have said they feel "bitter" towards the hospital.
An Australian woman accused of raping and sexually abusing young girls will not face court in Israel until she undergoes psychiatric treatment, a court has ruled.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious leg injuries after a crash in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.
Supermarkets have become embroiled in a price war with each other to cut the cost of school uniforms, a retail expert has warned.
The National Audit Office (NAO) says it is satisfied that the big four outsourcing companies it contracts out to make an average profit of 5% from their public sector work.
Serena Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship in Munich.
The Cassini probe has flown past Saturn for the last time before it is due to plunge into the gas giant's atmosphere.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has made a concerted effort to win over moderate Republicans with a speech in San Diego, California.
Shares of Mattel, the world's largest toy-maker, have risen after reports that it is in talks to buy rival Hasbro.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of TB in Cheshire after a rise in cases of the disease.
Zanzibar is one of Africa's most popular tourist destinations, but its tidal flats also provide a vital source of income for local communities.
British banker Rurik Jutting, who has been found guilty of murdering two women in his London flat, has been sentenced to life in prison.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire will be discussed by North Yorkshire County Council's planning committee on Friday.
Venezuela's chief of staff has confirmed the arrest of two men suspected of masterminding an attack on a military barracks in the western city of Valencia in August.
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is to be established.
Featherstone reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought victory over Halifax at Featherstone.
Fears have been expressed over the delay of an inquest into the deaths of six Protestant men who were shot dead by the IRA in County Armagh 40 years ago.
Birmingham City Council has been rated "good" by the Care Inspectorate for children and young people.
David Cameron should remove international students from the government's net migration target, five Commons select committee chairmen have written to the prime minister.
IAAF president Lord Coe has been named as the new IAAF president following a damning report into the organisation's handling of doping.
A 16-year-old girl who had been detained under the Mental Health Act and sectioned under the same law has been found a place of care.
Thai police have cancelled the launch of a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report at a foreign journalists' club in Bangkok.
The remains of a 17th Century stately home destroyed by fire in a fire at the Tower of London have been uncovered.
Scientists studying an asteroid called 2004 BL86 have released new data about it.
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Jockey George Best is expected to make a full recovery from the head injury he sustained in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.
The new MP for Aberavon and Merthyr Tydfil, Stephen Kinnock, says he is struggling to get on with the job because he has no office.
North Korea is one of the world's most secretive, secretive and secretive countries.
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry has died in hospital.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from New York City's newest skyscraper after a crane collapsed on top of them, officials say.
A Dallas police officer has been fired after a teenager was shot dead in a drive-by shooting.
Kylie Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice to help Cambridge United to a comfortable victory over Cheltenham Town at the Kassam Stadium.
The former RTÉ broadcaster Máirtín Ó Murchú has died in Dublin.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she hopes to secure access to Chinese markets for Northern Ireland pork.
A missing motor from one of Germany's most famous codebreaking machines has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is "possible" Carlos Tevez could return to the team in the future if he is fit.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief of the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and several other staff over its coverage of the failed coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six-under 66 to share the halfway lead with Thongchaiya Aphibarnrat after the first round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Three generations of a family have been threatened with a gun during a robbery at a house in Londonderry.
At least 90 people have been killed and many more are missing after a 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck the New Zealand city of Christchurch, the country's prime minister has said.
The world's most pure silicon could soon be available to build a quantum computer, scientists say.
Southampton midfielder Danny Stephens says it is "not time to panic" after his side's poor start to the Premier League season.
A thief cat who has been stealing items from neighbours' houses for years has changed his ways, his owner has revealed.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford beat Super League leaders Castleford at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Dyson has been given the go-ahead to expand its headquarters in Oxfordshire.
Cristiano Ronaldo was left out of Portugal's Euro 2016 squad as Cape Verde Islands beat Portugal 2-0 in a friendly at the Estoril Stadium.
The Home Affairs Bill is due to be debated in the House of Commons later, with a vote expected to be taken at the third reading.
In a remote corner of the San Diego desert, just north of San Diego, California, a series of razor wire-rattled concrete barriers, topped with razor wire, line the border with Mexico.
Glasgow Warriors moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Leinster thanks to a hard-fought bonus-point win at the RDS.
Tibetans living in the Tibetan territory of Nepal are concerned about rising water levels in the Himalayas.
Internet providers need to be "up their game" and be "transparent" in their adverts to ensure customers know what they are signing up to, a charity has said.
Birmingham City City booked their place in the Women's FA Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought victory over Women's Super League One champions Chelsea.
Scientists at the University of Nottingham say they have made a significant progress in their efforts to develop a new treatment for pigs that could be used to treat humans.
Andy Murray reached the ATP World Tour Finals semi-finals with a straight-set victory over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Andy Murray will take on Novak Djokovic in the French Open final for the first time when they meet in a Grand Slam final at Roland Garros on Sunday.
Scotland striker Robbie Goodwillie says he has given up on a recall to the national team after retiring from international football.
One of the youngest chess players in the world has become the youngest ever chess master in the US.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky became the first woman to win a gold medal at an Olympic Games with victory in the women's 4x100m freestyle relay in Rio.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three who has been missing since August.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is visiting Scotland ahead of the party's leadership contest.
Sudan will appeal against a decision to disqualify five of their players from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Guinea-Bissau.
John Akinde scored the only goal of the game as Barnet moved off the bottom of League Two with victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed the town of Springfield, Oregon, is actually Springfield, Ohio.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has called on Tourism Ireland to promote Northern Ireland as a gateway to the Republic of Ireland after the Brexit vote.
A man who raped two women while on an extended prison sentence has been jailed for life.
Three new left-wing mayors have been elected in Spain, bringing an end to 24 years of Popular Party rule in cities across the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was found unconscious in a Leeds street.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.8% between July and September, official figures show, much faster than expected.
West Midlands Police has apologised to the family of a woman who was murdered by her partner after an investigation found 19 officers and staff had a case to answer for gross misconduct.
It may be "only a matter of time" before a prisoner dies as a result of a shortage of experienced prison officers, the prison watchdog has warned.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a social media campaign group of "psychological terrorism" after the parents of some of the missing Chibok schoolgirls pulled out of a planned meeting.
A man accused of murdering his landlord told a court he was "angry about my break up and the fact he'd asked for sexual favours".
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not pick striker Andy Carroll for the Euro 2016 squad "on the basis of a hat-trick".
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool is to stay open after a community group offered to pay to keep it open.
Militants have captured the Iraqi town of Qaraqosh from so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern province of Nineveh, forcing tens of thousands of Christians to flee their homes.
The partner of a man believed to be trapped under the rubble of the collapsed Didcot A Power Station has said she hopes he is still alive.
Work has started on a new Hippodrome at a derelict site in Northamptonshire.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice-over for a new series of CBBC's popular children's show.
The number of district nurses in the NHS in Wales has fallen sharply over the past six years, leading to concerns about the care people receive at home.
The father of a man shot dead by police on the M62 motorway has said he wants "full answers" over his son's death.
National League Solihull Moors have signed ex-Wycombe Wanderers player-manager Gary Edwards on a short-term deal.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of Christians killed in attacks on two churches in the Pakistani city of Lahore.
Yorkshire all-rounder James Onions took five wickets to help Durham fight back against Yorkshire at Headingley and claim the County Championship title.
More than 2.5 trillion litres of water is stored in the Earth's top 2km (1.6 trillion gallons) of water, according to a study.
A No 10 spokesman has denied making threats against a newspaper over a story about a Conservative MP's expenses claims.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says he is "very proud" of the number of full houses attended by England fans at Cardiff's SSE Swalec Stadium in 2017.
Former world number one Jimmy Fordham says he hopes to return to the PDC World Darts Championship at Lakeside in Wolverhampton in 2016.
India's central bank has cut interest rates for the third time this year after the government's surprise ban on 500 and 1,000 rupee banknotes.
Colin Doyle, Darren Randolph and James McClean have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for Saturday's friendly against Mexico at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin.
Islamic State (IS) militants say they carried out a missile attack on a naval vessel off the coast of Egypt's Sinai peninsula on Sunday.
Sir Philip Green, one of the UK's richest businessmen, has been chosen by the government to help cut government spending.
England Under-20s beat Mexico 1-0 to set up a World Cup semi-final against Italy.
Worcestershire are "excited" to have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their overseas player for the T20 Blast, says head coach Steve Mason.
Belfast light-welterweight Michael McCComb has beaten Russia's Alexander Kuznetsov at the European Championships in Ukraine.
If you think of a pharmacy as just a place for dispensing medicine, the chances are you might be right.
At least nine children have been injured after a bouncy castle broke loose at a Dorset carnival.
A woman who tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with champagne has won a court case against a hospital for refusing kidney dialysis treatment.
A woman has won a worldwide competition to become the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer.
Four British soldiers died when their vehicle rolled into a canal after a head-on collision with an Afghan police car, an inquest has heard.
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn has blamed "evil forces" for a stampede which killed more than 300 people at an annual religious festival in the Oromia region.
Tom Searle scored a late try as 14-man Cornwall beat Lancashire to win the Bill Beaumont Cup at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in front of members of the public has been jailed for life for his manslaughter.
South Africa has pulled out of the International Criminal Court (ICC) after losing its bid to have its withdrawal approved by the UN Security Council.
A woman who died after hitting a pothole in Newport died from head injuries, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren with immediate effect.
HSBC could move up to 2,000 staff out of London if the UK votes to leave the European Union, the BBC understands.
Politicians, politicians and commentators have been reacting to a High Court judge's ruling that the current law on abortion in Northern Ireland is unconstitutional.
An elephant that escaped from a circus in the German city of Heidelberg has mauled a man to death, police say.
One of Russia's main opinion pollsters has been designated as a foreign agent by the justice ministry.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think the assembly could win a re-run of the EU referendum if it was held today.
Hundreds of people gathered in central Barcelona on Friday to pay tribute to the 13 people who died in the Barcelona attack on Thursday.
The BBC's Sound of 2016 has been revealed.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of smuggling endangered species into the UK after police seized a number of items from his home.
A man suspected of helping to plan and carry out the Berlin lorry attack by Tunisian asylum seeker Anis Amri has been arrested by German police.
A parish priest has apologised after telling children "Father Christmas is not real" during a church service.
A man has died in a house fire in Kilmarnock, County Antrim.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her latest film, In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police officers have been jailed after admitting misconduct in a public office.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to his team-mates for missing a birthday party at Celtic Park.
Celtic were beaten 5-4 on penalties by Rangers in the Scottish Cup semi-final after an enthralling encounter at Hampden.
The M74 extension to the M74 motorway in Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads, according to a new study.
Pro-Russian activists in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk have taken over several government buildings in an attempt to hold a referendum on greater autonomy.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Belgium's king has come under fire for comparing the country's current political crisis to the 1930s, in a televised Christmas message.
Mark Wood, Steven Finn and Saqib Mahmood have been named in England's squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against the North in Dubai in March.
The organisers of the Londonderry Fleadh have said it is a "no-brainer" that the city should bid to host the event again.
A new woodland is being created in County Londonderry to commemorate the centenary of the start of World War One.
A bus stop sign has been branded an "absolute joke" after it spelled the name of Nottingham University as "Universities of Nottingham".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has become a symbol of anti-government protests after finishing the Olympic marathon in Rio with a political protest.
New safety measures are being installed at the spot where a County Tyrone teenager was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
At least 39 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report.
EDF, one of the UK's biggest energy suppliers, has announced a second rise in gas and electricity prices in four months.
Why is the government spending millions of pounds on leaflets in the run-up to the EU referendum?
Mae Llywodraeth yng Nghymru Cymru wedi i ddal y broses, yn ôl Ceredigion.
A custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after he was handcuffed, held down and had an emergency belt put across his face did not "pretend everything was perfect", a court heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers later this week.
Eight puppies and two full-grown dogs have been stolen from a house in West Lothian.
Sinn FÃ©in has called on unionist politicians to "immediately disassociate themselves" from "sectarian hate crime" after a number of "distasteful" bonfires were lit across Northern Ireland.
Championship side Fulham have loaned Fulham midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek to La Liga side Celta Vigo until January.
Landlords should be banned from charging fees to private tenants who do not provide a service in exchange for them, a Labour AM has said.
"The Met Police will not investigate allegations of historical child sex abuse unless there is credible evidence that no crime has been committed," the force has said.
A bid to become the UK's first spaceport has been launched in Argyll and Bute.
Gardener George Galloway is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat Willie Rennie has held on to his North East Fife seat in the Scottish Parliament election.
As part of the BBC Good Food series, we looked at the changing nature of the UK consumer goods market.
A Borders knitwear firm has seen a "surge" in international orders for its new range of knitwear, its managing director has said.
A replica of one of the world's oldest cave artworks has been recreated in France.
England Women have named their 23-strong squad for the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
An ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was on duty.
Britain's Tyson Fury retained his WBA world heavyweight title with a hard-fought points victory over Dereck Chisora in London.
Hull KR head coach Jamie Peacock says the future of prop Albert Kelly is "up in the air".
The Conservative Party has launched an investigation into claims of bullying over the death of a man who was stabbed to death in a London street.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) of its shares in the US.
The government has been accused of a "cover-up" over the delay in publishing the latest NHS financial figures in England.
Six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt is through to the semi-finals of the men's 100m.
Brentford defender Tom Cairns has signed a new long-term contract with the Championship club.
Madonna fans have been having a bit of a go at Radio 1 this week - but it's not been about Madonna.
Canada Post plans to phase out direct home delivery of letters and parcels, saying the rise in digital communications has dramatically changed the postal needs of Canadians.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" of corruption in Kenya, during a visit to the country where his father was born.
The mountains of south-eastern France are home to some of the best skiing in the world.
James Corden is to bring his hit US talk show The Late Late Show to the UK, with three episodes to be filmed in London's West End.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel later to discuss the UK's future relationship with the European Union.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the bank's board over the pace of change at the bank.
A number of celebrities have been identified by the FBI as part of its investigation into a data leak from the home of US President Barack Obama's son, Barack Obama Jr.
A man who killed a teenager and injured two others when he crashed into a group of pedestrians in a head-on collision has been jailed.
More needs to be done to provide education for Syrian refugees who have fled the conflict in their country, the UN special rapporteur on refugees has warned.
Indian drinks tycoon Vijay Mallya has failed to sell the headquarters of his Kingfisher Airlines amid reports that he has absconded from India.
Dundee University researchers are seeking volunteers to take part in a study to see if electronic cigarettes are safer than traditional cigarettes.
Weston-super-Mare school is to close at the end of December, its owners have announced.
The Duchess of Cambridge has become the latest high-profile celebrity to join the BBC in taking part in a mental health initiative to raise awareness about mental health.
A woman has died in a house fire in Ballymena, County Londonderry.
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for life for raping and sexually abusing his pupils.
Two whales have been found dead off the Suffolk coast and a third is believed to have washed up in Orford.
A man who killed his partner by repeatedly stamping her on the head has had his jail sentence increased.
Virat Kohli scored his second century of the World Cup as India beat Pakistan by seven wickets in the opening game in Adelaide.
Jonathan Demme was one of the world's most influential and influential film-makers.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has ratified the nomination of Lutalo Muhammad to replace Aaron Cook for the London 2012 taekwondo team.
The Met has apologised to the family of a man who died in a suspected arson attack in south-east London after a reinvestigation into his death.
A man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter has been jailed for life for her murder at the High Court in Belfast.
A teenage boy has been rescued from a deep cave after falling from a waterfall in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has approved plans to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos moved level on points with Super League leaders Wakefield Trinity Wildcats thanks to a hard-fought victory over St Helens at Headingley.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has vowed to defy a court order not to print ballot papers ahead of the election, saying he will not change the date.
Storms have been battering parts of the US city of Los Angeles, California.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent a friend a text message saying "hi, how are you", a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Super League title for the first time in their history as they beat Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle.
Russell Brand is considering legal action against The Sun after the newspaper accused him of hypocrisy.
Paul Murray, a student from Stoke-on-Trent, travelled to Hillsborough with his father, Tony Murray, and older sister, Edna Murray, who all survived.
Norway is searching for more victims of the mass killings of 69 people at a youth camp on the island of Utoeya, just hours after a bomb attack in the capital Oslo killed 77 people.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
North Ferriby remain bottom of the National League after a 2-1 defeat by Bromley.
Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the county as assistant coach under new head coach Mark Davis.
Ferry services to and flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to high winds.
Indonesia's economic growth slowed slightly in the three months to the end of last year, according to official figures, which show its annual rate of expansion slowed to just 2% from 3% in the previous three months.
Adolescents are better at remembering why they chose the answers they did - because of connections between two important parts of their brain, research suggests.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana's Glacier National Park, officials say.
The Night Tube service will open at 23:00 BST on Saturday, with Transport for London (TfL) saying it is confident the service will be safe, despite safety fears.
A nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 months.
Ireland have reached the Women's World Twenty20 Super Sixes for the first time after beating Zimbabwe by six wickets in Colombo.
Plans to build holiday lodges on the site of Warwick Castle have been withdrawn after objections from neighbours.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman may need to "toughen up a little bit" after criticism from Republic of Ireland captain Roy Keane about his players' training schedule.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of murdering his partner.
German airline Lufthansa Group has announced it will charge customers who buy tickets from online price comparison sites such as TripAdvisor a fee.
Warrenpoint Town say they are "shocked" by the decision not to impose a sanction on Carrick Rangers.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow say they have discovered a clue to how long we will live.
Mexico has increased the maximum prison sentence for anyone convicted of kidnapping to 60 years in prison, as part of a drive to reduce the number of abductions.
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive at the hospital where a mother died after having a Caesarean section.
An Islamic court in northern Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for homosexual acts after they were convicted of having sex with each other.
Russian athletics minister Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for some of his country's athletes to retire as part of efforts to return to international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda over the murder of a prosecutor in the capital, Kampala, police say.
The governor of Indiana has said he would veto any law that legalised discrimination against gay people, after a backlash over a new religious freedom law.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time by listeners of Radio Wales' Wynne Evans show.
Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man has suggested the 2018 and 2022 World Cups could be cancelled if evidence emerges that Russia and Qatar were bribed to host them.
An Albanian man who fled to the UK after being convicted of murdering two brothers has been told he will be extradited to face murder charges.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley hopes the Football Association of Wales will make the right decision over whether players wear poppies on Armistice Day.
More than 1,000 vintage diving helmets have been sold at auction for more than £50,000.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway.
League One side Coventry City have signed Preston North End midfielder Joe Brownhill on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
Some GP practices in England may be allowed to close unless they improve their services, NHS bosses have warned.
Welsh-born and bred, Barry Wallace is one of Liverpool's greatest ever players.
Tackling slavery and human trafficking is a "top priority" for North Wales Police.
London's World War Two underground railway tunnels have been revealed to the public for the first time since they were sealed off during the Blitz.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club "at any price".
England manager Mark Sampson has been cleared by the Football Association of "bullying and harassment" claims made by ex-England player Eniola Aluko.
The number of prisoners taking their own lives in England and Wales rose to 88 in 2013-14, the highest figure in 10 years, the prisons chief inspector has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is expected to name his squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Slovakia and Slovenia later this month.
Two people have been arrested after a man was shot at a house in Wrexham.
Northampton flanker Ben Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" to keep up with England team-mate Mike Brown after scoring a try against Harlequins.
Mark Duffy stunned world number one Ding Junhui with a 6-1 victory in the first round of the UK Championship to set up a second-round meeting with Mark Selby.
Blackpool's free school breakfast scheme is one of the largest schemes of its kind in the UK, according to researchers.
One of the longest-serving primary school head teachers in the country is retiring from his post.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushallop Thiep midfielder Jordan Smith on a short-term deal from National League rivals Doncaster Rovers.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Conwy county forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
As a child growing up in the Uist area of Orkney in the early hours of New Year's Eve I remember being out walking around the township with a group of friends.
The Hong Kong government has announced plans to allow passengers to complete immigration and customs procedures for both China and Hong Kong at the same time.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan to help the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban, officials say.
A man has died after being hit by a van in the Rutherglen area of Glasgow.
Parents should be "deeply concerned" about plans to allow schools in England to employ unqualified teachers, a teachers' union has said.
Unite and the Communication Workers Union (CWU) have said they are "fully committed" to reaching an agreement over proposed changes to Royal Mail's pension scheme.
Jersey Reds head coach Gary Stevens says he wants to push for a top-four finish in the National League after his side's defeat by Ealing on Saturday.
The world's first jet-powered, tailless, unmanned aircraft has flown for the first time.
Shares in chipmaker Qualcomm have fallen sharply after the company announced plans to cut spending and cut jobs.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Leeds.
China has hanged six Uighur men for terrorism charges, state media report, saying they had been sentenced to death by firing squad.
A community hall in Northamptonshire which was earmarked for closure has reopened to the public after a campaign to save it.
A child has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in Barry.
The amount of compensation you get for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) is dependent on whether or not you have a high street bank on your credit card.
Imagine being able to use your wee to power your phone!
Facebook has released a new set of maps of the world's population, showing how people live, work and travel around the world.
Warrington moved level on points with Super League leaders Hull FC at the top of the Super League with a convincing Challenge Cup win over neighbours Widnes.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a rider pinching a podium girl.
Kai Riek remembers hiding in a swamp with only his head above the water when fighting broke out at his refugee camp in South Sudan.
A police car has been damaged after a brick was thrown at its windscreen from an alleyway in Bangor, County Down.
Emma Watson has told Newsround there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive the same rights as men.
The rail regulator has again questioned the reliability of Network Rail's maintenance and safety records.
Egypt will play Burkina Faso in the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final on Sunday after substitute Mohamed Abdel-Moneim scored a late winner against Morocco in Gabon.
Two police officers have been told they will face a misconduct hearing over claims they called for MP Andrew Mitchell to resign.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caterham may have been stabbed to death at a flat in south-east London, an inquest has heard.
A moustache contest is being held in Dover later to mark the 70th anniversary of a social club set up after World War Two to preserve wartime camaraderie.
Chinese officials have criticised Zambian police for arresting more than 100 Chinese nationals suspected of illegally mining copper in the country.
Two Kilcoo players are to be suspended by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) following an investigation into allegations of racism.
John McEnroe has urged Nick Kyrgios to "look in the mirror" after the Australian's shock Wimbledon fourth-round defeat by Andy Murray.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto a "friend" during a surprise visit to Mexico City.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes appears to extend the lifespan of middle-aged mice, a study suggests.
A man who died after being stabbed outside a Denbighshire supermarket was the victim of a "targeted attack", police said.
Worcester Warriors have released prop Paul Bailey, half-back Joe Cox and prop Joe Dodds.
Police have appealed for information after a car crashed into a building in Dundee city centre while being pursued by officers.
Sunderland midfielder Luca Giaccherini has joined Italian Serie A side Sampdoria on loan for the rest of the season.
An "unprecedented" amount of archaeological evidence has been uncovered during an archaeological dig at a medieval castle.
Former Sun editor Kelvin MacKenzie has been accused of racism over comments he made in a column about a mixed-race footballer.
Torquay United have agreed a deal to sell the National League club to a Hong Kong-based investment group (GI).
Police in England and Wales are failing to provide appropriate adults for mentally vulnerable adults in custody, a Home Office report has found.
The full list of British and Irish Lions debutants for the 2013 Rugby World Cup.
Manchester United moved nine points clear at the top of the Premier League as goals from Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini beat Leicester City at Old Trafford.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil rather than criminal offence.
The UK's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the chance to stay and enjoy the same rights after Brexit, in a bid to reassure EU leaders.
A Spanish court has heard evidence from the last member of a suspected Islamic State cell suspected of planning a series of terror attacks in Barcelona and Cambrils.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow told a court he had no reason to be hostile towards the victim and blamed it on a "Geordie man".
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison has been arrested.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play in the US Open despite being ruled out for the rest of the season with injury.
David Lammy has said he is considering running for the leadership of the Labour Party, if colleagues tell him he is the "best candidate".
A former NHS chief executive who used £11,000 of NHS cash to pay her husband to produce a sham newsletter has admitted fraud.
Google has announced plans to measure how much people spend in stores using credit and debit cards, in what privacy campaigners have described as "creepy".
A woman has been raped by a man who drove her to a layby and left her in the middle of a city bypass.
The number of people living in the UK reached a record high in mid-2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn away from home for their first ever FA Cup second qualifying-round tie in the competition.
The proposed Garden Bridge across the Thames in London should be scrapped because it is not value for money for the taxpayer, an independent review has found.
A busy road in Oxfordshire has been closed after a burst water main flooded the area.
"Death, taxes and another RHI story every day" is the front page of the New York Times.
The husband of a dentist who was arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A former police officer in Texas has been charged with murder over the shooting of a teenager who was killed in a drive-by shooting.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has gone viral on social media.
David Pitcher is attempting to row the Atlantic for a second time in a bid to become the fastest solo rower across the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 in the first leg of their World Cup qualifier in Porto.
Five British men who have spent 169 days in jail in India on piracy charges have been released on bail.
The battle for Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand has been one of the bloodiest in the country's recent history.
One of the last British prisoners of World War Two to be allowed out of a Nazi concentration camp says he has fond memories of playing football.
Glastonbury Festival gets under way in Somerset on Friday, with the first full day of the festival kicking off at 23:00 BST.
Twelve people have been rescued from a fire at a derelict hotel in Nottingham.
A UN-backed tribunal has ruled that Ghana must stop new oil drilling in a disputed area of the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Ivory Coast.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving on the M4, M27, M4 and M3 motorways in a police operation which led to the deaths of four people.
Footballer Ched Evans was a "callous, self-centre" rapist who treated a woman "with callous indifference", a court has heard.
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland was forced to replace Stuart Hogg with Jared Payne at full-back for Saturday's defeat by the Crusaders in the second Test against New Zealand.
A conservation group has criticised the Scottish government's decision to order the removal of beavers found in the Beauly area of Perthshire.
Two men have been seen hanging from the roof of a building at Bridgend Prison.
Sunderland have sacked manager Dick Advocaat after eight games in charge of the Premier League's bottom club.
The former chief executive of a young people's charity has been accused of bullying staff and discriminating against black and minority ethnic staff.
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels as part of a council's plan to cut energy bills.
Andy Murray says he is "concerned" about the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams but has not spoken to the Lawn Tennis Association about the issue.
Northampton Town captain Danny Richards says manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" in the dressing room since taking charge of League One champions Northampton Town.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford will compete in the men's long jump at the World Indoor Championships in London on Saturday after reaching the final after a penalty shootout.
Prime Minister Theresa May has told MPs: "No-one should have to endure what the families and survivors of Hillsborough have been through."
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a pony with a severely injured leg was found dumped in a remote part of Lincolnshire.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made the dangerous journey to Europe will be allowed to live in the UK under a government U-turn, David Cameron has said.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has gone back to his clean-shaven look after claiming the BBC is "pogonophobic" about beards.
Dance group Coldplay have scored their first UK number one album with Alternative Light Source.
Cuban President Raul Castro has signed into law a raft of economic reforms approved by the country's National Assembly.
Six teams will play in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League (WCSL) in 2016 after the England & Wales Cricket Board announced the dates for the 2016 season.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen sharply over the past three years.
More than 200 migrants are believed to have drowned after two boats capsized off the coast of Libya on Thursday, officials say.
A ceasefire has come into effect in the city of Aleppo in northern Syria.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused as a child.
Dundee Waterfront regeneration plans have been given the go-ahead by Dundee City Council.
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach.
Leeds Rhinos and Scotland full-back Jamie Galloway will miss the rest of the Super League season after rupturing an Achilles tendon.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of his assistant captains for this week's match against Europe.
Lewis Hamilton says it would be "against all racing values" to impose team orders on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
A total of 10 soldiers who died in World War One have been identified from DNA samples found in France, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Ukraine will take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of their Euro 2016 play-off against Slovenia thanks to goals from Evgen Seleznyov and Andriy Yarmolenko.
Ospreys assistant coach Gruff Rees says his team were determined not to "overdo it" in the second half as they missed out on a European Champions Cup quarter-final place against Exeter.
A new carriageway has opened on the M8 motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow.
Match of the Day kicks off at 19:00 BST on Saturday and we take a look at the rules of the game.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her gender.
Thousands of young people in England are being put at risk by a lack of mental health support in schools, according to a new report.
A Palestinian man suspected of shooting dead two Israelis and an Israeli Arab taxi driver in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv on Sunday has been shot dead.
A man who tried to force his way into a stranger's flat armed with a knife has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.
A California woman accused of conspiring to kill her boyfriend has posted the highest bail ever set in the county's history, according to local media reports.
Nurseries in England could soon be left without any qualified staff unless the government changes its GCSE requirements for nursery workers, campaigners say.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said she believes the case for an interest rate rise this year is "strengthening".
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in bookmaker Betfair falling after it reported a loss of £5.7m.
A few years ago, I had a fake girlfriend.
A young tennis player has won an award at the first Black History Month Wales awards, celebrating black people's contribution to Welsh culture.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Joe Root is set to be named England's new Test captain, replacing Alastair Cook.
Members of the Muslim community in Greater Manchester have held a meeting to condemn a police training exercise in which a fake suicide bomber was used in a mock bombing.
Star Wars actor John Boyega is returning to London's West End as a member of the West End theatre company Theatre Peckham.
Dundee maintained their place in the Premiership's top six with a comfortable victory over Ross County at Dens Park.
MPs have been heckled over the government's response to the plight of women who have missed out on their state pension.
A 19th Century college in Ceredigion is to be turned into a centre for culture and arts after securing £1.5m of funding.
Institute Football Club's home game against Ballymena United on Saturday has been postponed because of flooding at the club's Drumahoe ground.
Notts County have announced a new team of senior managers, with former England and Nottingham Forest defender Paul Fletcher joining the club as its new chief executive.
Germany has introduced temporary border controls in a row over how to share the burden of asylum seekers with other EU countries after the government decided to open its borders.
Scientists are analysing ancient sediments from the deep sea to try to shed light on the ancient history of the Indian monsoon.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike in a nationwide walkout in a long-running dispute over pay.
Three US marines have died in a plane crash in the South China Sea, the US military has confirmed.
The SSPCA was called to a park in Dundee after reports of a corn snake, only to discover it was made of plastic.
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be delivered next summer, the defence secretary has confirmed.
At least 40 people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital Kabul, officials say.
The Prince of Wales has marched with The Royal Welsh Fusiliers through Conwy to mark the annual Royal goat parade.
Indian nurses who had been held hostage by militants from the Islamic State group in Iraq say they are "very happy" to be back home after being freed.
Rangers defender Kiernan Kiernan is being investigated by the Scottish Football Association for allegedly punching St Mirren's Wes Anderson in the ribs.
Luton Town manager Nathan Sweet says his League Two-bound Hatters have the potential to reach the Premier League and Championship if they can maintain their current form.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Livingston in Scottish League One.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on whether to back UK air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been produced from the remains of a burial pot found in a disused quarry.
Chipotle Mexican Grill is suspected to be the source of an E. coli outbreak that has made dozens of people ill in several US states, health officials say.
The mother of a Chicago girl who went missing after an alleged sexual assault was live streamed on Facebook says she fears for the safety of her daughter.
Tsai Ing-wen, the leader of Taiwan's pro-democracy Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), is a mystery to many.
British number two Andy Murray and British number three James Ward will meet in the last 32 of Wimbledon on Saturday after both reached the quarter-finals.
Swansea's planned tidal lagoon would be a "disgrace" if the government pulls the plug on it, an MP has said.
The number of people prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales has fallen sharply, the RSPCA has said.
Formula 1 gets under way in Australia on Sunday with the first race of the season, the Australian Grand Prix.
A coach carrying passengers was stopped on the M6 Toll carriageway by armed police after reports of suspicious activity.
Four London councils have spent thousands of pounds on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Parts of northern Germany have been left without power after heavy rain and high winds caused flooding during Storm Axel.
Four women who fought against the Nazis in World War Two have been inducted into the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
An elderly woman has been seriously injured in a suspected burglary at her home in North Lanarkshire.
American Charley Hoffman produced a stunning display to take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta.
Northern Ireland is to become the first part of the UK to approve automatic pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences.
A teacher has been struck off the teaching register for "failing to maintain appropriate professional boundaries" after being found guilty of using a personal email account to contact a pupil.
A motoring festival in Coventry has been put on hold indefinitely after its funding was cut.
More than 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football, figures show.
England's Phil Taylor will play Peter Wright in the Premier League play-off final on Thursday.
Imagine having to change on a dirty floor or squashing yourself into a car just because there isn't a toilet nearby.
One of the last remaining journalists of so-called Islamic State (IS) has been killed in Syria, a monitoring group says.
Too many young people in the UK are being let down by a "confused and incoherent" education system, the House of Lords Education Select Committee says.
China's government has launched an anti-phishing crackdown after the personal details of 40 million people were stolen in a series of cyber attacks.
Video replays are being tested in Major League Soccer for the first time in the United States.
Zambia and Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea for the Fifa Under-20 World Cup, which starts in May.
If you've been worried about something you've seen, heard about or read about in the news, you're not the only one - other people might be worried too.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the death of a prison officer who was targeted in a bomb attack last week.
Venezuela is temporarily closing its western border with Colombia in a bid to cut down on the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland has one of the world's largest media markets, and is one of Europe's largest broadcasters.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open after losing 6-4 7-5 to Karolina Pliskova in straight sets.
Plans to build a new garden centre and retail park in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go-ahead by planners.
Wales Under-19 international James Botham has been named in the squad for the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand.
Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey.
If you have been sexually abused by a member of the public, such as Jimmy Savile, you may need to decide whether or not to report it to police.
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the line of contact as part of a deal to end the conflict.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to its six-day delivery service because of increased competition from mail delivery rivals.
Daniel Radcliffe says he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
The Russian government has awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage, to five women who were wounded in a mortar attack in Syria.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "fully loaded" for Saturday's Test in Dublin.
The director general of the Philippine police, Gen Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over allegations of sexual abuse, Attorney General Luis Ordonez has said.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 at the Nou Camp.
British number one Johanna Konta said she was "embarrassed" and "nervous" after being sent off by Romania's Ilie Nastase at the Fed Cup in Romania.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the 75-man shortlist for the BBC Football Writers' World XI.
Leyton Orient midfielder Paul McShane has signed a new contract with the League Two club.
At least 20 people have been wounded in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital Nairobi, officials say.
England footballer Adam Johnson asked a teenage girl to give him a "thank you kiss and more" and undid his trousers before carrying out a sex act, a court has heard.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash at the Pocono IndyCar race.
A four-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been released from hospital.
Belfast boxer Jamie Barnes was knocked out by Bulgarian Ivan Slavchev in the first round of his professional debut in Belfast on Saturday night.
Theresa May has said she hopes to have a "close and strategic partnership" with the US when she meets Donald Trump for the first time in Washington on 20 January.
The UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the size of the economy, and it is one of the key indicators used by policymakers to determine the health of the UK economy.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource to help teachers and school leaders decide how to improve the performance of their pupils.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over its demand for the return of the Parthenon Marbles.
Social security spending has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since the 2010 election, according to analysis of government spending plans.
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 play-offs with a comfortable 3-0 win over Armenia, while Portugal beat Serbia to finish top of Group I.
A committee of MSPs has launched an inquiry into the safety of high-rise flats in Scotland following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League as two goals from Odion Ighalo helped them to victory over Newcastle United at St James' Park.
Plans to redevelop Fishguard in Pembrokeshire have been approved by councillors.
One of Ukraine's most prominent pro-democracy activists, Andrey Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his flat in the capital, Kiev.
France's ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy once described his former adviser Patrick Buisson as a "fake tough guy submerged in a permanent state of emotional dependency".
Wrexham are in talks to sign Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after he rejected a new deal with the National League club.
The room where the Duke of Wellington slept when he died has been recreated at Walmer Castle as part of a new exhibition.
People's mood was boosted by the presence of more fish in an aquarium, according to a study carried out by researchers.
British airline Easyjet is planning to use drones to carry out inspections of its planes as part of a range of new technologies it hopes will improve safety and efficiency.
The latest trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
Hundreds of jobs are to go at a Walkers crisp factory in County Durham, the company behind the factory has confirmed.
A former recording studio in Manchester has been turned into a home to a new generation of musicians.
Russian authorities are carrying out unannounced inspections of a number of non-governmental organisations (NGOs).
Flu vaccine Pandemrix may cause narcolepsy in some children who had it, UK health officials have warned.
Oxford, Cambridge and leading UK universities are among the top 20 in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings, but there are warnings that UK regional universities are falling away.
Two giant Welsh dragon statues have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle in Gwynedd.
A woman has been given a community payback order for breaching a court order after she failed to repay a loan she had obtained while acting as a financial adviser.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against measles, measles and whooping cough, saying it is "life and death".
Oscar Pérez, a member of Venezuela's forensic police force, has gone on the rampage, attacking the Supreme Court of Justice in Caracas.
The SNP has been given the right to chair a number of select committees at Westminster.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus that is killing ash trees across the UK.
With just over a week to go until the US presidential election, we take a look at some of the latest developments in the race.
Residents of a luxury street in San Francisco are calling for the city to reverse the sale of their street after it was sold by the city over unpaid taxes.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton came from behind to beat Gateshead in the National League.
The bodies of two British climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in Switzerland's Matterhorn National Park, officials say.
Gonzalo Higuain will miss Napoli's final four games of the season after being sent off in Sunday's defeat by Udinese.
Smoking should be banned for ever and ever as it is dangerous not just to the smoker but to everyone surrounding them, you have told Newsround.
Bracknell Hospital's forensic unit is to ask patients for their views on the quality of care they receive.
A minimum beer and wine price should be introduced across England and Wales to cut down on excessive drinking, a group of peers has said.
Plans for a new surfing lagoon and visitor centre in north Wales have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Cleveland Indians pitcher Corey Kluber dominated the Chicago Cubs in a 6-0 defeat in the first game of the World Series at Wrigley Field.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was unhappy with his team for "running around like ducks" during the Monaco Grand Prix after he missed out on a podium place.
Leicester City and Brighton & Hove Albion fans have been criticised for "shocking" homophobic chanting at the King Power Stadium.
A large bonfire has been set alight in north Belfast.
Donald Trump has a pathway to the White House, but it is not real.
Kirsten Purve-Jorendal was born in India, but she was adopted when she was just a baby.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was in impressive form as he set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A convicted serial killer who tortured and murdered 10 women in the 1970s and 80s could be sent back to prison after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
Plans to change a Powys secondary school to Welsh-medium education have been rejected by Powys council's full council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit Blink 182.
Firefighters were called to a children's play park after a woman became stuck in a tyre.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo has been praised for his "emotional" and "clean" style of play by manager Jose Mourinho after avoiding a red card.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye has apologised to the nation over a corruption scandal that has led to calls for her to step down.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a toddler was hit by a car.
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate whether the death penalty should be reinstated in the UK.
A boy has died on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been given permission to appeal against his conviction for killing his girlfriend.
Dunsfold Park Aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, has lost a legal challenge against the government's decision not to issue a certificate allowing unrestricted flying of aircraft.
Oxford United will be without injured defenders Paul McShane (hamstring) and Luke Murphy (ankle) for Saturday's FA Cup fifth-round tie against Newcastle.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell a majority stake in its Yihaodian online marketplace to Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com.
Welsh Secretary Alun Jones has accused the UK government of "breaking a manifesto commitment" over plans to devolve tax-raising powers to Wales without a referendum.
UKIP says it would appoint a dedicated veterans' minister if it wins the general election and introduce a national defence medal for all veterans.
Here's a round-up of some of the most recent entertainment news you might have missed.
Ministers are considering cutting subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC has learned.
A service of thanksgiving is being held in Cardiff later to mark the centenary of the Welsh ambulance unit which served in World War One.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the men's doubles final of the Olympic badminton with a thrilling victory over China's Chen Xu and Chen Xu in Rio.
London Underground workers went on strike on Monday in a dispute over the closure of the Jubilee station.
Coventry City's Sky Blue Trust has urged fans not to repeat the "ugly scenes" that marred Saturday's League One game against Coventry City.
The US and China have pledged to work together to achieve the "peaceful" denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has been awarded a £500,000 grant from the Garfield Weston Foundation to help fund the restoration of its fire-ravaged Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has joined an air ambulance volunteer to pay tribute to a "heroic" paramedic who saved the lives of 30 people from a rollercoaster crash.
Stormont's environment minister Mark H Durkan breached the Northern Ireland Executive's ministerial code in approving a controversial planning blueprint, the High Court has ruled.
Portsmouth have signed Chesterfield defender Drew Talbot on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee.
New Hartlepool United manager Craig Hignett says he was "surprised" by the intensity of his first game in charge of the League Two club.
George Cole was a veteran of the British film industry, appearing in films such as Bikini Babe, The Belles of St Trinian's, The Great Train Robbery and The Vampire Lovers.
(Closed): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with airlines among the biggest fallers, while the pound held steady against the dollar and the euro.
About 36,000 firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a long-running dispute over pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia says it has arrested one person and charged another with spying on the Farc left-wing rebel group in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new chief executive.
Bundesliga midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in Manchester United's Europa League squad for the 2016/17 season.
Two security guards have been threatened with a gun during a robbery at a bank in Edinburgh.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral of David and Carol Graham, who were killed in the Tunisian beach attack, has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's silk bloomers are to be sold at auction after it was discovered they date back to 1891.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was furious with the challenge that led to Jack Hamilton's red card in his side's 4-1 defeat by Celtic.
Former Wales international Dean Saunders has been told he will not have to pay parking charges at Birmingham Airport if Wales reach the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
England's Mark Wilson says he is delighted to have broken the record for the most consecutive centuries played between a man and a player in a ranking match.
Supermarkets have been urged to be "upfront" about shrinking products after a consumer group claimed some were being sold at a lower price than advertised.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag wrapped in a pair of trousers in West Yorkshire is being sought by police.
Britain's Chris Froome remains leader of the Tour de France after Colombian Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to a thrilling stage 15 victory in the Jura Mountains.
The government has confirmed most of the proposed route of the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Manchester, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield.
Chesterfield moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a hard-fought victory at Barnsley.
EDF, the owner of the planned new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset, is expected to decide next week whether to go ahead with the £18bn project.
A dead fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Ibrox.
A BBC Persian presenter says she has been barred from flying to the US because she is an Iranian-British dual citizen under new US visa rules.
More able and talented pupils in Wales are not being supported in the education system, according to the education body Estyn.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear after a row over the death of his aunt has been jailed for six months.
Australia's Border Force has been accused of trying to silence doctors and nurses from speaking out about the country's offshore detention centres.
Sandman author Neil Gaiman has won the National Book of the Year award for his novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
Ricky Gervais is back on The Great British Bake Off - but who does he think will win this year's show?
A cancer hospital in Manchester is being investigated by the health regulator for breaching its licence to provide services.
The fossilised skeleton of a previously unknown ancestor of the mollusc, Calvapilosa, has been discovered.
The Belfast Telegraph has said it is looking for new premises for its headquarters in the city centre.
The parents of a soldier who died after falling ill on an SAS selection march say they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not remove the MoD's immunity from prosecution over his death.
A man has been arrested after a stolen tractor was stolen from a farm and taken on a police chase.
Plaid Cymru AM Lord Elis-Thomas has accused his party of not being willing to "seriously participate" in Welsh government after resigning as presiding officer.
US President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory in the US election has had a profound impact on the world of business.
Human rights group Amnesty International has warned that 2016 was the "darkest year" since the 1930s when Adolf Hitler rose to power in Germany.
There has been a lot of talk about the planned all-out strikes by junior doctors in England in April.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92.
Some of poet Edward Thomas' personal items are to be conserved after being awarded a grant from a national archive charity.
Matt Machan hit an unbeaten century for Sussex against Worcestershire at Hove to help his side to a first County Championship century of the season.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Pep Guardiola can bring a "revolution" to English football if he takes charge of Manchester City.
More than 1,000 people have been delayed from leaving hospital in the last three months, according to Scottish government figures.
India's Maoist leader has told the BBC he will not allow anyone to attack any train anywhere in the country and anyone caught trying to do so will face "stern punishment".
Thousands of tiny knitwear pullovers are to be knit for the Tour de France in Cambridge as part of a bid to promote the city.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after a manhunt was launched in Dumfries following an alleged armed robbery.
Tunisia is still reeling from the massacre of 22 people at the Tunisian beach resort of Sousse - and its tourism industry is under serious threat, writes the BBC's Yolande Knell.
A man suspected of setting fire to a Florida mosque that was visited by the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub last June has been arrested.
The Mountain Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to pick up litter from Scotland's mountain bothies.
Wakefield moved level on points with Super League leaders Hull KR after a hard-fought victory over Catalans Dragons at Belle Vue.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke.
Celtic moved level on points with Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a dominant display against Partick Thistle.
Montrose missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places after a 2-0 defeat by Queen's Park.
Premier League newcomers Hull City have signed Burnley defender Michael Jones on loan for the rest of the season.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has confirmed it has been the victim of a cyber-attack.
League One side MK Dons have signed Bradford City midfielder Luke Murphy on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee on a deal until June 2019.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would stop illegal immigrants from sending money overseas if he fails to build a border wall with Mexico.
The Conservative AM for South Wales East has been chosen to represent the party at the Welsh Assembly election in May.
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre has been named on the shortlist for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the season award.
A celebrity has been given until Tuesday to apply to take his case to the UK Supreme Court over an extra-marital affair to be heard.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is under pressure to resign after his controversial decision to sack Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with potential buyers over the sale of the Premier League club.
The head of Cecil the lion, who was shot dead by a US hunter in Zimbabwe, is being held by police and could be released as a memorial, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Nicky Ajose scored a stoppage-time penalty to rescue a point for Charlton at Gillingham.
The prime minister has defended plans to cut the amount of child benefit paid to high-earners, saying it is "right that they make a contribution".
Devon and Cornwall's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has announced he will not stand for re-election in May.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as loan player manager after he stepped down from his coaching role.
Children's football matches have been cancelled after travellers set up camp next to changing rooms at a playing field.
French cultural venues across the country have reopened following Friday's attacks in Paris in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh's British and Irish Cup hopes are over after the Rugby Football Union decided not to award them a play-off spot.
Glamorgan missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after Middlesex's Dawid Malan hit 150 not out at Lord's.
A hospital boss has been accused of "tradinguced the reputation" of a popular hospital after inspectors found 300 errors in a damning report.
Police have released images of two people they want to trace after a man suffered a serious facial injury in a "violent incident" at a pub in Dundee.
The number of dangerous dogs seized by police in Wales in 2016 has fallen slightly, despite an increase in attacks, figures show.
Heather Rabbatts, the Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BAME) member of the governing body, is to step down from its board.
Jos Buttler scored England's fastest one-day century in international cricket as they beat Pakistan by an innings and 10 runs to complete a 2-0 series win in Abu Dhabi.
Two people have been arrested after a man and a woman were killed when a car crashed into a group of cyclists.
A Scottish businessman has sold his online tyre-fitting business to the Michelin Group for £200m.
Conservationists have criticised a draft report into the future of national parks in Wales, saying it is "extremely disappointing".
England seam bowler James Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Motorists at the CES in Las Vegas will soon be able to press virtual buttons on their cars using their hands.
Six fishermen have been rescued from a fishing boat which capsized off the Dumfries and Galloway coast.
Poland's right-wing Law and Justice party has swept to victory in parliamentary elections, defeating the centrist Civic Platform party.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
An optometrist's "bad conduct" led to the death of a 12-year-old boy, a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved off the bottom of the Championship with victory over Birmingham City.
Salford Red Devils prop Matty Garbutt says he is "very disappointed" to be banned from rugby league after being sent off in their Super League defeat by St Helens.
A memorial service has been held for one of four missing yachtsmen who died when their stricken yacht capsized off the Somerset coast.
Falkirk Council's pension scheme is to invest £30m in social housing, it has been announced.
Sean Dickson scored his second century of the season as Kent's batsmen struggled against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Sierra Leonean writer Mathew Nyaungwa recalls how he worked as a diamond miner to help pay for his university studies.
London Underground bosses have been given the go-ahead to build the Northern Line extension in the Nine Elms area of west London.
Wales' transport minister has accused the UK government of "conspiracy theory" over plans to devolve the Wales and Border rail franchise.
Tim Peake and Tim Peake were working on the International Space Station when they found a hidden Space Invaders game.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, by suspected Islamist militants, officials say.
A man has died in a crash involving a lorry and a car on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Bangladeshi man who spent 15 years in prison in Pakistan after illegally crossing the border from India has returned home to his family.
US-based tracking software company mSpy has admitted that data from 80,000 of its customers has been leaked on the dark web.
Twitter has been accused of not doing enough to stop abusive messages on the social media site.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate allegations of bribery and corruption surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, an MP has said.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis is facing an ultimatum to step down as chairman and chief executive of Formula 1's McLaren Group, but it is not clear when or if he will do so.
A Spanish newspaper says it has seen evidence that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments when he was a minister in the government of former Prime Minister Jose Manuel Mariscal.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents in Calais while trying to cross the English Channel illegally.
Birmingham's Amir Yafai became the first British super-flyweight champion with a unanimous points decision over Panama's Omar Canelo Alvarez at the SSE Arena.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision to change opening times at a country park in Hampshire, saying it will be "good news if and when it goes ahead".
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to pay compensation to a former Ulster Defence Regiment (MoD) officer for a tweet about him.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden's death is an "embarrassment" to Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) agency, a senior Pakistani official has said.
A US student accused of posting weaponised drone videos on YouTube is taking legal action in a bid to return to university.
A new roundabout at London's Elephant and Castle has reopened to traffic, but commuters have complained of long delays after it was switched into two-way traffic.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and Middlesex all-rounder Paul Stirling hit centuries as the visitors beat Kent by 31 runs in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
Asian shares traded mostly lower on Friday, with Japan's Nikkei index seeing some of the biggest falls in the region.
Iranians have voted to elect a new parliament, with reformists winning a resounding victory in parliamentary elections.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has made the "perfect fit" signing of Bruno Alves, according to former Celtic defender Benni McCarthy.
Mae'r Gadair yn cael ei gobeithio bod y Goron hon yn adlewyrchiad o gyfraniad Merched y Wawr ac Ynys Môn.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at a motorcycling event in Suffolk.
More than 800,000 chemists in India are set to go on strike on Wednesday in a protest against online drug sales.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has come out in support of Donald Trump - but how valuable is her support for the Republican presidential candidate?
An Anglesey gardener has said he is "devastated" after a major flood swept away much of his prized garden.
For many people, Nick Griffin was the leader of the British National Party.
Pupils at a primary school in County Armagh are being trained in how to cope with the stress of moving to secondary school.
Three sheep painted on a Wrexham street have been stolen after they were stolen from their home.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is yet to speak to Wales midfielder Joe Allen about a new contract.
The former managing partner of an Isle of Man law firm has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) over alleged payments to fixers linked to the Nama property deal.
Aston Villa defender Adil Suliman has joined Premier League side West Bromwich Albion on loan until January.
MPs are used to the idea of making laws in the House of Commons.
The US says it will release a frozen amount of Iranian aid to help Iran meet its commitments under a temporary nuclear deal with six world powers.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying campaign gets under way with a warm-up game against the Netherlands at the Genting Arena in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note, marking 30 years since the bank introduced its paper version.
US President Barack Obama has urged Americans not to despair after the fatal shootings of five police officers in Dallas on Friday.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after a snake became stuck on the wing of the aircraft while flying at 250mph (400km/h) in high winds.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy a majority stake in the US business news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are being given free public transport to a leisure centre in a bid to boost the number of people playing sport.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 exoplanets - planets that orbit a different star to our Sun.
More than 50 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to ship them from the Republic of Ireland to Wales.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused the government of being "completely mad" to allow Eastern European migrants to claim out-of-work benefits.
A row has broken out over plans to demolish a modernist building at Durham University.
An ancient Cotswolds stone circle has won an international award for its outstanding views of the night sky.
A body has been found in the River Severn in Shrewsbury after a missing man's body was pulled from the river.
Michael Dunlop and Bruce Anstey set the fastest practice times in Friday's Dundrod 150 Superbike and Supersport races at the Ulster Grand Prix.
Flood defences at a Denbighshire beach could be strengthened to reduce the risk of a breach.
ScotRail has said fewer trains will run on Sundays after a dispute over pay and conditions between the company and union Aslef was resolved.
Hungary will not backtrack on controversial laws passed by the country's parliament despite pressure from the European Union, Justice Minister Janos Szijjarto has said.
At first glance, you might not notice it.
Topps, the company behind some of the world's most popular children's toys, has admitted that some of its customers' credit card numbers may have been exposed in a hack attack.
India set a record target of 300 to beat South Africa in the second Test in Delhi and level the three-match series at 1-1.
Campaigners have called for a total ban on mobile phone use behind the wheel after a rise in the number of drivers caught using their phones in Wales.
Two youths have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was stabbed 16 times at a farm in Newport.
More than Â£200,000 has been spent looking for a new burial site for people whose cemeteries in Oxford have run out of space.
US singer Chris Brown has been involved in a shooting at a nightclub in California which left five people injured.
The Trump administration has signed a deal to sell the US military's most advanced aircraft to Nigeria, despite concerns over human rights concerns.
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Up to 4,000 homes could be built on greenbelt land as part of a new garden village in a bid to meet government housing targets.
Agriculture is one of the world's biggest emitters of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, according to the UN's food agency.
A theatre producer has been jailed for five months for defrauding the Arts Council of Wales out of £30,000.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he does not know whether John Terry will carry on playing for Chelsea.
Gavin Robinson has accused those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU of using fear tactics in the referendum campaign.
The head of Afghanistan's national security forces, Gen Ashraf Ghani, has been replaced by a former provincial police chief, officials say.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to more than treble over the next decade, figures show.
Some butterfly species could be extinct in England as early as 2050 if emissions of carbon dioxide continue at their current rate, according to a study.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
More than 300 new jobs are to be created at a Cardiff-based call centre company.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the more unusual stories from 2016.
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being knocked unconscious in a shopping centre.
The father and son of a man who was murdered in a bungalow raid have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been named the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to official figures.
Sam Ball is to co-host this year's Olivier Awards for best actor in a musical, it has been announced.
A commemorative tree is to be planted at a Carmarthenshire park to mark the 400th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has spoken of her parents' "special spin on life".
The number of Scottish insolvencies fell sharply in the first quarter of 2015, according to new figures from accountants KPMG.
All-Ireland qualifiers Cavan, Meath, Monaghan, Fermanagh, Mayo and Derry are all in action on Saturday with Saturday's games kicking off at 14:30 BST.
A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for six months for passing information to a drug dealer he met at a gym.
A man has been jailed for life for beating his landlord to death with a microwave oven.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man thought to have been missing in India since his birthday has been found safe and well.
Patient safety will be "compromised" due to "performance issues" in the NHS 111 phone line, a health watchdog has warned.
Mansfield Town striker Danny Green says he was "disappointed" to leave the club after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
GB Taekwondo has defended the conduct of an independent panel set up to review the welfare of its athletes after claims athletes were asked to train in saunas.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit a century as Sussex and Glamorgan shared a draw at Hove in the County Championship.
Scotland's only independent savings bank has appointed a new chief executive to take over from the outgoing boss of Airdrie Savings Bank.
A man who borrowed and loaned £23,000 from five women and threatened to "smash their partners' heads in" has avoided a jail term after paying back the money.
Jamaica's anti-doping chief says he fears the number of athletes who have tested positive for banned substances could be the "tip of the iceberg".
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been named as the new coach of the Italy national team.
Shrewsbury Town came from 2-0 down to beat Blackpool and move off the bottom of League One.
It is the story of a new tram stop in Exchange Square in Manchester, a tram line in London, a new railway line in Leeds and a tram station in Leeds, all funded by the European Investment Bank.
The body of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in Manila, the army says.
Eighteen men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of slavery charges after suspected victims of modern slavery were found at Chinese restaurants.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has fallen dramatically since the start of an EU-Turkey deal aimed at reducing the number of people seeking asylum.
An elderly woman who had her bicycle stolen while she was out shopping has been given a new one thanks to a social media appeal.
Relatives of those who died in the Glasgow pub helicopter crash have said they feel "let down" and "angry" after meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli has threatened to leave the pitch if racist abuse of his team-mates is repeated.
Two teenagers who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers will be remembered at a special event to raise money for their families.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to become the UK's most popular film of all time.
US prison-break convict David Sweat has been captured after a nationwide manhunt in New York, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed during a traffic stop in Lancashire.
Drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a sharp fall in profits as sales of its Diet Coke fell in North America, but sales rose in Asia Pacific.
A community in Cambodia has won back fishing rights to its mangrove forest, allowing them to charge a higher price for their shrimp.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the San Bernardino shootings in California with a mixture of shock and dismay.
An Oxford University college has banned a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party and a Syrian refugee has been given an honorary degree.
A man has appeared in court in connection with a drugs investigation in the Scottish Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says he and his team-mates are determined to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016 after reaching their first major tournament.
Councils in the north of Scotland say they are struggling to recruit enough teachers, with some saying they are having a "crisis" in filling vacancies.
George Clooney surprised a care home with a surprise visit from a resident who had asked him to meet her "great icon".
More than 50 homes evacuated after a sinkhole appeared in a Hertfordshire village are still waiting to return to their homes.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of recruitment Steve Walsh for an undisclosed fee.
Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters will miss Tuesday's Euro 2016 Group D games against Sweden and Belgium on 13 and 18 June.
Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A postie has caused a bit of a stir on social media after apologising to a customer whose parcel fell down the loo.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as League Two Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town in the FA Cup second round.
All photographs © Gareth Iwan Jones/Institute
A former member of the Iraq Humanitarian Action Team (IHAT) set up to investigate allegations of abuse against UK troops in Iraq has said allegations against him were "of the highest order".
Nigeria's former governor of the Delta state, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in the UK.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking for a new general manager to help bring a smile to the faces of visitors.
Scotland flanker Tim Visser says head coach Vern Cotter has not selected a second-string squad to face South Africa.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a breastfeeding protest in support of a Staffordshire mother who has been criticised for feeding her baby in public.
Fleetwood Town came from behind to beat League Two Southport in extra time and reach the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history.
A woman who had to travel to England to have an abortion after discovering she was pregnant with twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has won a legal challenge against the Irish government.
As part of BBC Music Day, we asked you to nominate the places and people you think should be honoured with a blue plaque.
More than 1,000 doctors and public health professionals have written an open letter to voters warning the NHS in England is "withering away" under the coalition government.
The Mexican government says it has lifted a blockade of roads in the southern city of Oaxaca by teachers' union leaders who have been protesting against education reforms.
A 7.1 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island of Vanuatu, prompting a tsunami warning.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has apologised to the Australian people for any inconvenience caused by his government's use of taxpayers' funds.
Crimestoppers has offered a £1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the killer of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Italy reached the Euro 2016 quarter-finals for the first time with goals from Federico Pelle and Paolo Giaccherini against Belgium at St Etienne.
Rory McIlroy will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth as Thomas Dubuisson and South Africa's Jaco van Zyl are tied for the lead.
British skeleton skier Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from international competition.
More than 30 firefighters have been tackling a large house fire in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after a politician's body was mistakenly sent to a funeral company for cremation instead of that of a hospital patient.
A new combined authority set up in Cambridgeshire has been told it will not be able to recruit any new staff after councillors voted against spending £1.3m on new jobs.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne and American partner John McEnroe reached the Australian Open men's doubles final with a straight-set victory in the semi-final at Melbourne Park.
Snow has been falling across much of northern England, causing disruption to travel and power supplies.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of "a feeble public relations effort to undermine the credibility of its work".
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium is in talks with promoters about hosting a heavyweight bout between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko, says its chief executive Neil Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his players they need to change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Joe Weston following his release by National League rivals Wycombe Wanderers.
British Home Stores (BHS) has launched a new online shop, following the closure of its department stores.
Joba Rani, a farmer from a village near the Bangladeshi city of Dhaka, was devastated by the devastating floods that hit her village in August, but she had no choice but to sell three of her cows to pay off her microfinance loan.
The Obama administration is "in the final stages" of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House press secretary has said.
A long-running dispute over pay and conditions on the Luas tram system in Dublin has been resolved.
An MP who was falsely accused of trading with the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been awarded damages from an Iranian state TV network.
Campaigners have signed a petition calling on the European Union (EU) to reject a proposed trade deal with the US.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sell the club to ex-Trotters striker Craig Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland made it back-to-back Six Nations wins for the first time since 2001 with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Crispr-Cas9, a gene-editing tool that cuts and pastes DNA into living cells, has been used to treat tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", is to be handed over to a fish smokery.
Three women have won the Nobel Peace Prize for 2011 at a ceremony in the Norwegian capital Oslo.
Belfast Devils moved level on points with the Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils thanks to a 2-0 win over the Belfast Capitals at the SSE Arena on Thursday.
Great Britain's Katie Belcher won a bronze medal in the women's K2 200m at the Canoe Sprint World Cup in Milan to secure four Olympic places in Rio 2016.
Alton Towers called 999 "within minutes" after the Smiler rollercoaster crash that killed four people, the fire service has said.
A man has been detained under the mental health act after a security alert in Sydney, Australia's busiest shopping area was evacuated.
Seven detainees who allegedly took part in unrest at Australia's Christmas Island immigration detention centre have been transferred from the island to the mainland.
Meat inspectors across the European Union have criticised new rules which mean inspectors will no longer be able to inspect pigs' heads at slaughterhouses in the UK.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Ruben Dasilva on loan for the rest of the season.
A mother and grandmother have been found guilty of neglect after a disabled teenager drowned during a swimming lesson.
At least 14 people have been killed and several are missing after a building collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, officials say.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Paul Sweeney on a short-term deal.
British astronaut Tim Peake has answered questions from primary school children during a live call from the International Space Station.
A man has been jailed for biting off part of his newborn son's head while he was still a baby.
Ellen Atwell, a teacher from Maine in the US, has been named as the winner of an international teaching award worth Â£1m.
North Wales should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to help boost its economy, the head of the Northern Powerhouse has said.
National League side Southport have signed former Tranmere Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a short-term deal.
Adele refused to accept her Grammys album of the year award from Beyonce, saying she was "very humbled" and "very grateful".
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his team's "character and resilience" after they beat West Bromwich Albion 2-1 at Anfield.
Scotland's Court of Session is to become the first divisional patent court in the UK after the UK government agreed to change the law.
A dress worn by Lupita Nyong'o at the Oscars has been stolen from a Los Angeles hotel.
Radiohead have released their own theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Great Britain's men's hockey team reached the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a 2-0 victory over the Netherlands in Amsterdam.
Thousands of police officers in England and Wales are being paid overtime for working extra days, figures obtained by 5 live Investigates show.
Archaeologists have uncovered part of a medieval walling at Edinburgh Castle which they believe could be one of the "most advanced in the whole of the British Isles".
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Ontario has offered to buy an under-threat primary school to help keep it open.
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire destroyed a recycling centre in Manchester city centre.
The man who sold Google's troubled Glass computer to Google's parent company is about to go head-to-head with Apple's wearable tech chief, Sir Jonathan Ive.
Uefa president Michel Platini will be a "reform candidate" for the Fifa presidential election, says the Football Association.
Gillingham missed the chance to move out of the League One relegation zone as they were beaten by Shrewsbury Town.
Plans for a new tennis, golf and tennis centre and housing development in Stirlingshire have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has urged people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets.
Ed Miliband kissed a woman on stage at the Labour Party conference in Liverpool on Tuesday, prompting him to apologise to his fellow delegates.
A US military plane was forced to take evasive action after a Russian fighter jet crossed its nose and exposed its belly to American pilots, US officials say.
Snapchat has reported a record number of videos viewed on its platform every day.
British mobile phone provider Three has apologised after some of its customers and non-customers received "incorrect" text messages.
An all-girls school in Sydney, Australia, has banned its students from clapping at school assembly.
Four of Wales's four MEPs were picked out by 12% of the public who saw "their" names, according to a study.
"Bonkers Bruno locked up in mental home" was the headline on the front of the Sunday Times newspaper's front page when it first appeared.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Lauren Williams says she is feeling the added pressure of Olympic qualification after winning gold at the European Championships.
British heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has been told he must fight Mexico's Saul 'Canelo' Ortiz before 2 December.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) is locked out of its headquarters in Abuja amid a power struggle between rival factions of the governing body.
Northern Ireland's curlew population has been added to the RSPB's list of British Birds of Conservation Concern 4.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called into the England squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia, replacing Burnley team-mate Joe Johnson.
French writer Michel Houellebecq has won the Goncourt Prize for his latest novel, The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died after a suspected hit-and-run crash in south-east London.
France's Patrick Levy will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship in Germany.
Battersea Power Station in south-east London has been put up for sale.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in a suspected insider attack in southern Afghanistan, the US-led Nato coalition says.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh will be "really important" in deciding his Scotland squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Port Vale manager Port Smurthwaite says he expects interest from Championship clubs when the transfer window reopens in January.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in north-east Colombia, officials say.
Growth in China's vast manufacturing sector slowed further in July, according to a closely-watched survey by a private survey company.
Roma moved level on points with Serie A leaders Juventus thanks to Armando Izzo's injury-time own goal at Genoa.
Veterans of World War II's Arctic Convoys have been awarded the Russian equivalent of the Arctic Star for bravery.
Four men have been charged with attempting to murder police officers after a "potentially lethal" pipe bomb was found in Craigavon, County Armagh.
British singer Lily Allen has scored a number one album in the UK with her Broadway musical Encore.
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified by post-mortem tests.
More than 700 people have been infected with cholera in Haiti since a deadly outbreak began in January's earthquake, the health ministry says.
The Conservatives are scrapping free school meals in England's first three years of primary school.
The UK's construction industry shrank in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
China threatened to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK in 2015, the BBC has learned, after footage of the Queen's uncharacteristically unguarded comments about the visit was released to the media.
Wrexham have appointed Dean Keates as their new manager.
A Stirling man has been jailed for six months after being convicted of supplying herbal cannabis.
Air pollution is one of the biggest challenges facing the world leaders at the UN General Assembly in New York.
An 11-year-old jazz musician has become a global sensation after being nominated for a Grammy award for his performance at New York's Radio City Music Hall.
A woman has been questioned by police over the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first and deputy first minister has backed a campaign for compensation from the German government over the controversial Thalidomide drug scandal.
The Rosetta probe has made a stunning discovery about Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has vowed to carry on with his campaign, despite growing pressure over his lewd comments about groping women.
A lawyer who represented the family of South African Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with fraud and false representation.
Andy Tomic said he "doesn't respect the sport enough" after losing to Alexander Zverev in the first round of Wimbledon for the first time.
A court in Brazil has ruled that Brazilian football star Neymar did not breach tax rules when he moved from Santos to Barcelona.
Fidel Castro's rise to power in Cuba and the Queen's ascension to the British throne in the 1960s marked a turning point in British history.
A teenage boy has been taken to hospital with head injuries after an alleged "honour-based violence" attack in Blackburn.
Author Laurence Silberman has won the £20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for his book about the brain's role in autism.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the squad for the two-Test series against the Netherlands after returning from injury.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of setting fire to a number of vehicles in Wiltshire.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has said his mother was "annoyed" when she found out he had been a member of the IRA.
More than 1,000 people from Northern Ireland have travelled to the Republic of Ireland for the EU referendum, according to the Northern Ireland Office.
A County Armagh man who admitted causing the death of his wife in a head-on crash in County Tyrone has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the drowning of Alan Kurdi.
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen says he and his team-mates would prefer to play in the Pro12 rather than the European Rugby Champions Cup.
Israel says it "deeply regrets" the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 Gaza War, but denied committing war crimes.
Germany's 2-0 World Cup qualifying win over Georgia in Georgia on Friday night - and Scotland's 1-0 defeat by Poland in Frankfurt on Saturday night - has added further doubt to Scotland's prospects of reaching the quarter-finals of Euro 2016.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA super-light-heavyweight champion Christian Braehmer when they meet in Germany.
Thirty-seven of Sir Winston Churchill's paintings owned by his late wife have been accepted for the nation.
Manchester is still reeling from the devastating Manchester Arena attack on 22 May, but the mood in the city centre is one of calm.
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was hit with a crowbar during a robbery at a church in Londonderry.
Rapper Tinie Tempah takes time out from the hustle and bustle of London's West End to talk about his new album, Youth.
Trench coats maker Aquascutum is being sold by its Hong Kong-based owner amid concerns about its long-term future.
More than £1,000 was taken out of a cash machine in North Lanarkshire after cassettes were mistakenly placed in the wrong order.
An Edinburgh University building has been closed after asbestos was found in the basement.
Jersey's bid to join Uefa has been rejected by the governing body.
An extra 1,500 doctor training places will be made available to students from disadvantaged backgrounds in England, the government has announced.
Saracens winger Chris Ashton scored two late tries as Premiership leaders Saracens eased to a bonus-point win over Bath at Allianz Park.
League Two side Notts County have signed MK Dons' Sam Kashket from League Two rivals Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee, while Southampton defender Jack Gap has also joined on loan.
Football managers are used to the phrase "never go back", but how often do they actually go back to their old clubs?
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man pretending to be a stranger on a dating website has told how she was "bombarded with affection and compliments".
Japan's Supreme Court has ruled that women must keep their maiden names after marriage, despite the country's long tradition of allowing men to take their wife's surname.
Wales hooker Ken Owens hopes Ospreys' recent form is not a "slip-up" after a run of three successive Pro12 defeats by Scarlets.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Michael Read hopes the Outlaws can make it back to the One-Day Cup Finals Day after reaching the quarter-finals for the first time since 2006.
Strictly Come Dancing winner Ore Oduba has revealed he was struggling with depression before he joined the show.
US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is searching for a running mate to run with him in November's election.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan hit a record high last year, according to the latest figures from the United Nations.
Parents will no longer be able to take their children on holiday during a school term, the Supreme Court has ruled.
The former wife of former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has said she had "no involvement with him of any kind" when she was jailed for inciting prostitution.
A one year deferral period for gay men who want to donate blood has been left in place in the UK after they had sex with another man.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season.
Greece is holding a referendum on 5 July to decide whether to accept the terms of an EU-IMF bailout.
It's been a strange week for English cricket, with Kevin Pietersen being dismissed from the England set-up and a row over a spoof Twitter account.
Lancashire missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after a rain-affected draw with Warwickshire.
The Six Nations could be "dangerous" for players' health if plans to cut the tournament to six weeks are approved, says Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies.
A body has been found in the search for missing cyclist Thomas Hahn.
One of Wrexham's Victorian cemeteries is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and other health workers could be drafted in to cover for short-staffed junior doctors in England's NHS, under plans being considered by bosses.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from the last remaining rebel-held eastern districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 people have been killed in an attack on a Libyan airbase in the east of the country, the UN says.
How much would you have to borrow to get a degree in England?
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed Angela Glass as shadow education secretary, replacing Angela Powell, who has resigned from the shadow cabinet.
England and Scotland will meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are "at a low point".
Cheshire has plenty going for it.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a man at a hotel in County Antrim.
Somalis fighting in Somalia have been told they will not receive the last six-month salary they are due from the European Union, the BBC has learned.
An Australian man and a teenage girl have been arrested as part of a counter-terrorism operation in Sydney, police say.
The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) says it has developed a flexible material that could be used in space.
US scientists have used dogs to patrol a Michigan beach to reduce the spread of E. coli bacteria.
A rare bird of prey has been found dead in a field in Bedfordshire after being shot at point-blank range.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says he has been overwhelmed by the number of new members who have joined the party since he announced he was standing for re-election.
Extra police powers could be used to stop and search football fans at the Champions League final in Cardiff this weekend, it has been confirmed.
A Cambodian man has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work to protect the country's forests.
Tottenham moved back to the top of the Premier League as Christian Eriksen's injury-time penalty saw off Manchester City at Etihad Stadium.
Save the Children has released a list of the world's "hardest places to be a girl" based on how often girls are forced to marry.
Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Sunderland Ladies.
British author William Boyd is to write the first official James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has pleaded guilty to having sex with a teenage girl.
A Northamptonshire farmer is hoping to break the world record for the world's heaviest pumpkin.
McLaren Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier says he hopes his team will be in a top-10 qualifying position by the second half of the season but admits it would be a "big achievement" if they win a race after the summer break.
David Cameron has pledged to make childcare free for all three and four year-olds in England if the Conservatives win the election.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said she would be "open to a discussion" about putting income tax up for higher earners in Wales.
Wigan Athletic defender Ben Watson will miss the rest of the season after breaking his leg in the 1-0 defeat by Liverpool at Anfield.
Hundreds of people have been queuing outside a theatre for hours to hear the leader of the UK's opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn.
Munster are being investigated by European Rugby's head injury review group over an incident involving Conor Murray in Sunday's European Champions Cup win over Glasgow Warriors.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the role of returning officers in Scotland's local government.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after the body of a man was found at his home in Saltcoats in Fife.
When it comes to shopping, Shilpa Sen is a big fan of shopping online.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's lack of new signings this summer, despite a busy summer of transfer activity.
The environment minister has told the High Court he did not lose his executive power over a controversial planning decision to restrict the development of a John Lewis store at Sprucefield.
Glamorgan moved level on points with Gloucestershire at the top of the County Championship thanks to a seven-run win at Chelmsford.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is seeking funding for a flood protection and regeneration project which could cost up to £17.8m.
Cattle farmers in England are being urged to take simple steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) infecting their herds.
A marathon runner has completed her final attempt at the London Marathon after walking the course to the finish line.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a hospital at the centre of a by-election in the Corby and East Northamptonshire seat.
Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from all active duties at Kilmarnock Football Club.
More than 100 men have attended a national conference on domestic abuse to discuss how to escape domestic abuse.
Everton's Under-19s reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time with a surprise 1-0 win over Krasnodar thanks to a late goal from Juan Laborde.
Jockey John Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury sustained in a fall while riding Permian.
It's the General Election on 8 June, when adults across the UK will vote to decide who will run the country.
Leicester City's players want Craig Shakespeare to stay on as manager for the long term, according to team-mate Danny Drinkwater.
The SDLP and Alliance have called for an urgent inquiry into the disappearance of unaccompanied children.
Brussels has been declared a "red zone" after a day of national holiday, following the deadly attacks in Paris on Friday.
The M1 motorway was closed after a plane with 153 people on board was forced to divert to the eastbound carriageway due to an "aircraft emergency".
Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Andy Haldane, has said the case for raising interest rates from 0.5% is "still some way from being made".
The future of the Leicestershire Speedway team has been secured after a deal was agreed to keep the club in business.
The number of people living in poverty in the US reached a record high in 2011, according to a new report from the US Census Bureau.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More needs to be done to help Asian girls who were sexually abused in Rotherham, campaigners have said.
Sam Allardyce wants England to show they are back on track when they take on Slovakia in their World Cup qualifier in Slovakia on Sunday.
A man has been arrested over the rape of a 16-year-old girl at a Birmingham railway station.
The UK defence secretary has called the idea of a permanent European military headquarters for the European Union "unnecessary duplication" and "pointless".
The bodies of all five people on board a missing helicopter have been found in Snowdonia, North Wales Police has confirmed.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed by a surface-to-air missile.
A bike share scheme has been reinstated in Oxfordshire after a two-year hiatus.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebels have asked the UN Security Council to join them in seeking a permanent ceasefire.
A US court has ruled that Madonna did not break the law when she sampled a song by soul group Salsoul in her hit Madonna Vogue.
Plans to build a new road through a Carmarthenshire town have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
A grand piano once owned by King George VI has been returned to the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economic growth slowed sharply in the three months to March, raising fears that the country's credit rating may be jeopardised.
Blackberry has unveiled a larger version of its popular Z30 Android smartphone.
Photographs, letters and other personal items belonging to the late British director Sir Richard Attenborough are to be sold at auction.
A witness in the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has been accused of making up his own version of events after cross-examination by QC Neil Findlay.
Labour would end zero-hours contracts if the party wins the election, Ed Miliband has said.
Motherwell's long-term ownership of the Scottish Premiership club has finally come to an end with the sale of John Hutchison's majority shareholding.
Detectives searching for the killers of a Lancashire schoolgirl who disappeared in 2003 will appeal for information about her disappearance during England's FA Cup semi-final in Blackpool.
Regulated rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales rose by 0.3% in the year to July, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has announced.
The Ministry of Defence has launched a new programme to treat military veterans with complex trauma injuries, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is to commission a new set of portraits of people from a wider range of backgrounds and ethnic backgrounds.
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will be back next year despite missing out on the T20 Blast Finals Day in Birmingham.
England manager Stuart Sampson says he believes his team would have won a gold medal at the Olympics had they been allowed to represent Great Britain at Rio 2016.
American film Spotlight has been named best picture at the American Film Institute (AFI) Critics' Circle Film Awards.
Bristol poet Owen Sheers has won the poetry prize at the Literature Wales Book of the Year Awards for his poem, Pink Mist.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond will have to "force their way in" to the England Lions squad after their record-breaking run-scoring partnership in the tri-series, says former national coach Andy Flower.
I am a passionate collector of vintage Indian matchboxes and have been collecting them for the past 25 years.
Athletes across the world have been spotted with red circles on their skin after using a special form of acupunture.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead on Sunday despite protests in the Gulf kingdom.
Michelle Dockery and Dominic West are to star in the world premiere of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Stoke City midfielder Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations, which starts in Gabon in January.
Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage and a new line-up for this year's event.
A gas explosion that killed a man and caused "complete devastation" to his house was "like an airstrike", a paramedic told an inquest.
Harry Potter fans around the world have been celebrating JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
Venezuela's government has blamed the opposition for looting shops in a town in the north-east of the country amid severe food shortages.
A London letting agency has been paid more than £2.1m in housing benefit, the BBC has learned.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Laidlaw says his team will need to be "tactical and clever" in attack when they take on France in Paris on Saturday.
As Australia's conservative government considers legalising same-sex marriage, the nation's business community is urging the government to consider the economic benefits of change.
South Korean opposition MPs have broken the world record for the longest filibuster by speaking non-stop in parliament for 57 hours.
It's that time of the year again - the General Election is under way in England and Wales.
A limited number of commemorative silver coins to mark the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first child have been produced by the Royal Mint.
Japan and South Korea have held their first face-to-face talks since the new Japanese government came to office.
England midfielder Michael Carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup with a "severely twisted ankle" after injuring his ankle in England's 2-0 friendly defeat by Spain.
An inquest into the death of missing schoolgirl Alice Gross will look at whether the authorities failed to protect the public under human rights law, a coroner has ruled.
Algerian Islamist militant group al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) has become one of the region's most feared groups, gaining strength in North Africa since 2007.
An MP who found a lost toy rabbit by the gates of the Palace of Westminster has been reunited with it after it was reunited with its owner.
A US judge has rejected a request from police to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock an encrypted iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his team have "nothing to fear" ahead of their Europa League Group A game against Ajax.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new long-term contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion John McDonnell will make the first defence of his title against Mexico's Luis Rosas on Saturday.
It was a surprise that few could have predicted.
The Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) - a controversial end-of-life care system that has been used in England since the 1990s - should be replaced, an independent review is likely to recommend.
Four people accused of murdering a man in his own home used his flat as a "place to drink", a court has heard.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of running a credit card hacking ring that stole almost 3 million credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed to death in a "completely senseless attack", the RSPCA said.
One of New Zealand's most famous birds, Lanky the Pelican, has been put to sleep at a zoo in Wellington.
Boys have edged out girls in top A-level grades for the first time in 17 years, according to this year's results.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated against measles after a measles outbreak at a primary school.
Macedonian President Gjorge Ivanov has fired the head of the country's public prosecutor over allegations of wiretapping.
Thousands of people have taken part in a re-enactment of the journey from London to Waterloo to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.
The only "credible explanation" for the murder of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko is that the Russian state was involved, the inquiry into his death has heard.
Head teachers have criticised Chancellor Philip Hammond for failing to use the Autumn Statement to address "severe funding pressures" in England's schools.
An "archaic" practice of identifying pupils who qualify for free school meals using cash has to stop, an AM has said.
Scientists say they have made a "groundbreaking" discovery in the fight against HIV - they have found a new way to boost the body's ability to fight the virus.
A prisoner who had part of his fingers amputated after he was found with head injuries in a police cell is being investigated by the police watchdog.
Ivory Coast is one of the world's fastest growing countries for young people, according to the World Economic Forum in Davos.
Gillingham's proposed transfer to Dover Athletic has been called off because of Fifa transfer rules, but Dover say they have been allowed to sign Joe N'Gala.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he hopes to keep top scorer Kane Hemmings at Tannadice beyond this season.
The Royal British Legion has launched a campaign to change the way people think about Remembrance and the poppy.
Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup thanks to goals from Scott Graham and Ryan Quinn.
The Conjuring 2 has held firm at the top of the US and Canada box office, holding off competition from Warcraft and Now You See Me 2.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for West End musicals, saying they are "incredibly reasonable".
An app that would alert search and rescue services to people caught up in natural disasters using satellite data is being developed by a British student.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by 10 runs in the T20 Blast at Chelmsford.
The world was a scary place in 2015.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Bridgend county.
French police are hunting for two suspected Islamist gunmen who are believed to have carried out a series of attacks in Paris and elsewhere in the country.
Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, is retiring from royal duties, Buckingham Palace has announced.
More than half of residents of two buildings earmarked for demolition in Shoreham have voted in favour of the move.
A burglar was shot in the leg with a crossbow bolt after being mistaken for a drug dealer when intruders burst into his home, a court heard.
Pop star Taylor Swift is no longer on Spotify.
Formula 1 drivers Jenson Button and Nico Rosberg have expressed concerns about the safety of the new Baku street circuit ahead of Sunday's Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has gone on the streets of the capital to demand the suspension of several police officers accused of poor policing.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to avoid being tracked by police, senior officers have warned.
Ticket sales for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out within 24 hours.
Former world champion Lance Armstrong says he would probably cheat again if he was racing again, but doubts whether the world was ready to accept his return to public life.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says qualification for the last 16 of Euro 2016 will not be the "end of the journey" for his players, even if they beat Russia in their final Group B game.
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling motorcycling races in the world.
Sussex batsman Matt Wells says he is aiming for bigger and better results than his current average of 37.76.
A row has broken out over plans to move a 1,000-year-old boulder which is thought to be the "heart and soul" of a village.
More than £300,000 has been raised for a disabled man who was the victim of a mugging, after a Go Fund Me page was set up in his memory.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside £3.1bn to cover claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance (PPI), mortgage products and interest rate hedging.
An "incredible" 17th Century painting of a Pembrokeshire lord has been saved from ruin after being bought by the National Trust.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if funding cuts proposed by the chancellor George Osborne go ahead, local councils have warned.
South Africa's Chief Justice Thokozile Masipa has told the judges at the High Court in Cape Town to take time off in April.
Turkey has lifted a ban on Muslim women wearing headscarves in state institutions such as the military and police.
Six universities have been given provisional accreditation to run master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for life for the "vile murder" of a woman whose body was found in a street in Norwich.
Clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival Sunni Muslim groups who support or oppose the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after being punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol say he is still affected by the incident.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper David Marciano from Israeli club Hapoel Beer Sheva.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, one of the greatest scorers in NHL history, has died at the age of 87.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has criticised a UK-led international investment agency for booking 15 flights costing £5,000 a flight.
A man who spent almost 40 years in prison wrongly accused of being an IRA member says he will continue to fight for compensation after his conviction was quashed.
The Prime Minister will be "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if he pushes for a referendum on EU membership on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections, Labour has claimed.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough came from behind to beat fellow promotion hopefuls Rotherham in League One.
Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi says he will not give up hope of recovering from a serious head injury he suffered in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
Law firm Axiom has announced plans to create 97 new jobs in Belfast as part of a global expansion.
Police are trying to trace the voice of a man who phoned two taxi firms using a stolen telephone from a house in Bedfordshire.
Colin Farmer secured his first British Superbike Championship win of the season with victory in the opening race of this weekend's round at Knockhill.
UK retail sales rose by less than expected in May as the cost of goods rose to its highest level since 2012, official figures show.
The Gambia has pulled out of the Commonwealth, citing "dismay and disappointment" from Commonwealth officials.
A social worker who failed to visit men with mental health problems should be removed from the community, a care watchdog has ruled.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union until after the general election, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will require authorities to obtain a warrant before they use mobile phone tracking technology to track mobile phones.
The Gambia has closed its embassy in Havana to Cubans to mark the death of President Yahya Jammeh, who is seeking re-election in December.
A pit bull terrier terrier who was rescued by Belfast City Council after a public campaign has been allowed to return home.
Everton have rejected a bid of £40m from Premier League rivals Manchester City for England defender John Stones.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses across the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as high winds sweep across the country.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
Two men who died in a two-car crash in South Yorkshire have been named by police.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend told a friend she would "pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was proud of his side after they came from 2-0 down to beat Newcastle United and move off the bottom of the Championship.
Premier League and EFL teams will be able to take part in a new two-part penalty shootout from the start of the 2017-18 season.
A woman who has been selling poppies for 75 years has been described as one of the UK's "longest-standing poppy collectors".
A woman has told an inquest into the murder of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson how she escaped with her knee after being assaulted by convicted rapist Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras' "basic priority" is to complete a bailout deal agreed with eurozone finance ministers, his deputy has said.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire say they are "likely" to host a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A sculpture by Henry Moore, thought to be worth about Â£20m, is to be returned to London, it has been announced.
A Londonderry man who was due to be sentenced for driving without a licence has asked a judge to tell him to "go easy on the paella and cerveza".
A Miss America contestant has come under fire for saying it is a "privilege" to have healthcare and a "right" for women to have it.
YouTube has launched a crackdown on fake views on the popular video-sharing site.
China's first space station will burn up when it re-enters the Earth's atmosphere, scientists say.
The demand for chicken in sub-Saharan Africa is soaring, driven both by the growing population of the continent but also by the rise in the number of people living in cities.
David Cameron has paid tribute to his "heroic" and "brave" father Ian, who has died aged 77.
The Syrian government has begun the evacuation of the last remaining rebel-held district of the city of Homs, officials say.
Saracens head coach Mark McCall says his team are "hungry to keep improving" after winning their second European Rugby Champions Cup.
Dickie Bird's life-size statue of himself is to be raised to make it harder for revellers to hang items from it.
Nine former supermarket bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would increase the cost of groceries if the UK votes to leave.
Paul Scholes has come out of retirement to make his first appearance of the season for Manchester United since retiring in 2011.
Rio de Janeiro's famous Mangueira samba school has won the national championship at the city's carnival parade.
Wales is "paying the price" for not creating a green energy environment when it created it, an energy lawyer has said.
Supermarkets have cut the price of diesel to its lowest level since the last time it was cheaper than petrol at the pump.
Ireland's Dan Cox won the 400m title at the European Indoor Indoor Championships in Finland.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the EU referendum, saying they "can decide their future".
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales would have a new right to challenge decisions not to prosecute under Labour plans to change the law.
David Chase has a knack for telling a story.
Syria's deputy foreign minister has urged the US and Russia to take into account that the country is in a "serious business" in its efforts to destroy its chemical weapons.
The father of a six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at a birthday party has told an inquest he did not ask if there was a lifeguard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira hit his first first-class century of the season as he helped his team fight back against Derbyshire at Derby.
India's decision to scrap high-value banknotes of the value of 500 and 1,000 rupees (Â£100 and Â£120) is a risky move, according to one of the country's leading economists.
Oxford United ended Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season with a 1-0 victory at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans for a 1,000-home housing development in an East Yorkshire village have been rejected by the government.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" when his side play Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The British government has a legal obligation to provide funding for inquests into some of the most controversial killings of the Troubles, the Lord Chief Justice (LCJ) has said.
Surrey moved off the bottom of the County Championship with a seven-wicket victory over Nottinghamshire.
Two of the last journalists to work on Fleet Street say they feel "inadequate" to be carrying the torch of journalism on the street where they spent much of their careers.
A Suffolk veterinary surgery has been rated "good" after being rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
At Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, a lecture hall is filled with students.
Bayern Munich moved seven points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win over Stuttgart, who missed the chance to move level on points with leaders Borussia Dortmund.
England's Paul Casey and England's Tommy Fleetwood will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the US Open.
A new mental health academy is being set up in Berkshire in a bid to cut the time it takes to see a specialist for mental health patients.
A new air ambulance service for north Wales has been launched.
The family of a British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran have said they are "increasingly on tenterhooks" as she appeals against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is back to the stage where he "turns up fully expecting to play well" for the Open Championship at Royal Troon this week, after finishing in the top 10 at both the Masters and US Open.
Arsenal defender Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton, basketball, volleyball and handball have lost their funding from UK Sport ahead of the 2020 Olympics and Paralympics in Tokyo.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Chester Zoo.
A body has been found after a fire at a house in Dumfries and Galloway.
A German man has been given a two-year driving ban after a motorcyclist was killed when his bike was involved in a crash with a car in Conwy county.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 closing higher and the Nasdaq edging up to another record high.
Blackpool have signed Manchester United midfielder Tom Allsop on loan for the rest of the season, while West Bromwich Albion forward Joe Cooke has also joined on loan.
Read the reports from Saturday's Scottish Premiership and Championship games as well as the weekend's Championship fixtures.
Thousands of people have taken part in Armed Forces Day events across the UK.
A man is attempting to break the world record for the world's heaviest egg.
A doctor has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £200,000 from a Lincolnshire surgery.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach.
John Hardie is not afraid of the dark, but he is terrified of the Lockhart House.
Indonesians have been using social media to share their support for Jakarta after a series of explosions in the Indonesian capital, Jakarta, on Thursday.
Up to 100 new jobs are to be created at a County Antrim engineering company as part of an investment in its Kilrea site.
A Sioux Indian tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-infused entertainment resort.
Conor McGregor says he does not see Floyd Mayweather surviving the second round of their Las Vegas super-fight on 26 August despite the American using lighter gloves.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition against plans to sell off allotments near Leatherhead in Surrey to make way for 500 houses.
Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Championship in Cortina, Italy, which starts in February.
East London-based TV station Bay TV has been put up for sale with the loss of 20 jobs.
Thousands of people have gathered in Togo to pay tribute to former national team coach Stephen Keshi, who died on Sunday.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for helping to apprehend a man who tried to steal a woman's handbag in County Londonderry.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed several times in a "brutal attack" in Salford.
A Russian airliner that crashed into the Mediterranean in Egypt in November, killing all 224 people on board, was brought down in a terrorist attack, investigators say.
Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata has joined Juventus on loan for the rest of the season.
Security flaws have been found in a number of "Internet of Things" (IoT) devices, according to security researchers.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has convicted former Congolese vice-president Jean-Pierre Bemba of war crimes.
Malala Yousafzai, who was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt when the Taliban attacked her home in Pakistan, is recovering in hospital.
Thousands of Chelsea fans have taken part in a victory parade to celebrate their Premier League title win over Manchester City.
Lewis Hamilton took a dominant victory in the Mexican Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second to Red Bull's Max Verstappen.
It is one of the UK's most high-profile constitutional rows - and now a group of expats are taking legal action against the government over Brexit.
Seachill, a fish processing company in Leeds, has been celebrating the introduction of the new National Living Wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found not guilty of taking part in an unauthorised rally.
Hays International, one of the UK's largest financial services providers, has said it is "too early to tell" what the vote to leave the European Union will mean for its business.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to its latest Android mobile web browser, the latest version of its mobile operating system.
US consumer confidence fell sharply in March, according to a closely watched survey from a leading US economic research group.
Two brothers who tortured two young boys and forced them to eat nettles have been given lifelong anonymity orders.
More than 50 people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse following a police crackdown ahead of Euro 2016.
Workers in Wales are being urged to use healthier ways of getting to and from work as part of a campaign to improve health and wellbeing.
Five men have been charged with attempted murder after a series of raids in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he hopes to have a fully-fit squad for the new Championship season despite injuries to midfielders Jacob Butterfield and Jacob Olsson.
Kyle Edmund will take on Janko Tipsarevic of Serbia in the opening match of Great Britain's Davis Cup semi-final against the USA in Newport, Rhode Island on Friday.
Sam Tomkins says it is "very possible" he could return to Wigan Warriors in the future despite announcing his move to the NRL.
Wigan Warriors moved to within a point of Super League leaders Wigan Warriors with an emphatic victory over Salford Red Devils at Leigh Centurions.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was the victim of sectarian abuse while working as a primary school teacher in north Belfast has said she has been "subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation".
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of how some of the world's most famous sandstone arches form - and how they do so under pressure.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season for most of northern and western Scotland.
The use of whole brain radiotherapy to treat lung cancer is not safe or effective, according to research published in the Lancet Oncology journal.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named Premier League Player of the Year by the Football Writers' Association after scoring twice in Sunday's 2-0 win over Tottenham.
Ricky Burns would be in line for a world title shot if he fought Liam Taylor next week, according to the Scot.
Aberdeen have signed Preston North End striker Stevie May on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
Clashes have been reported in Saudi Arabia between security forces and Shia protesters trying to block the demolition of a town in the country's Eastern Province.
Turkish forces have been carrying out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) near the Syrian border town of Jarablus, near Aleppo.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will be in charge of making decisions about the party's future in Scotland.
A woman has found the final piece of treasure in a treasure hunt in North Lincolnshire in which five gold artefacts were hidden around the city.
The family of a soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks have asked a coroner to order her body to be exhumed so they can carry out an inquest into her death.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a pink walk in memory of missing teenager Paige Doherty.
A new search and rescue helicopter service has begun flying from a new base in south Wales, covering an area once served by the RAF.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has warned that the organisation's funding could be at risk after a row over the selection of Irish boxers for the European Championships.
The daughter of Scottish aid worker Peter Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be "eradicated".
Warwickshire reached the One-Day Cup final for the first time with a seven-wicket victory over Essex thanks to a century from Matt Trott.
Haiti's interim President Jovenel Privert has stepped down after failing to win a run-off vote in last year's disputed presidential election.
The flight data recorder from the EgyptAir jet that crashed into the Mediterranean in May has been recovered from the sea floor, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will "not succeed by acting in isolation" in the fight against terrorism, the home secretary has said.
Employment tribunal fees have been ruled unlawful by the UK's highest court after the Supreme Court ruled they were unconstitutional.
An Iranian football goalkeeper's choice of trousers has caused a stir on social media after he was suspended from the national team for six months.
Alpine skier Lindsey Vonn became the most successful female skier in World Cup history with victory in the women's super-G at the World Cup slalom in Germany.
London Fire Brigade has issued safety advice to hoverboard owners after two devices caught fire in the capital.
Scotland and Ireland will begin their World Twenty20 group stage matches in India on Tuesday, while England will face defending champions Sri Lanka and Ireland take on South Africa.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
The owners of a guest house have been fined after a man was seriously injured when he fell from a second-floor balcony.
Vocational education has long been a political hot potato for the Liberal Democrats, but the party's former business secretary, Sir Vince Cable, has finally got round to signing up for a vocational degree.
A council has agreed to keep Derbyshire's only remaining public swimming pool open for a year after a petition against its closure was rejected.
The family of a man who murdered a father-of-six have said they have "no faith in the justice system" after learning he will be released from prison after serving just nine years.
Diageo, the world's largest spirits company, has reported flat sales for the financial year to the end of September, despite a rise in profits.
More than 2,500 residents of the Chagos Islands have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for their right to return home to be respected.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to be chosen to play a widower in the Oscar-nominated drama Manchester by the Sea, despite the fact that his co-star Matt Damon pulled out of the film.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of north-east Somalia have released eight crew members without paying a ransom, the Sri Lankan foreign ministry says.
The case of a Muslim girl who was placed with a Muslim foster family in east London has sparked a debate about whether foster carers should have to be able to speak English.
The brother of a man killed on Bloody Sunday has said he feels "disrespectful" after a fire destroyed the Glenfada Park Museum in Londonderry.
Traffic restrictions on a busy city street which were abandoned in 2014 will be reintroduced from July, it has been announced.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in profits for the three months to the end of March, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here, a mapping technology firm.
A positive outlook is linked to a lower risk of dying early, according to researchers at Harvard University in the US.
Budget airline Easyjet has announced it will begin flying between Aberdeen International Airport and Edinburgh International Airport with new flights to Aberdeen and Edinburgh.
The man suspected of carrying out a mass shooting at a Florida airport on Friday has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its fastest pace in nearly nine years in the fourth quarter of 2014, driven by consumer spending, official figures show.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey (BGS) and University College London suggest that much of sub-Saharan Africa has substantial underground water reserves that could be used for drinking water.
Charlton moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places as they came from behind to beat 10-man Bolton at the Valley.
Glasgow Warriors have extended the contracts of Scotland Under-20 internationals Alex Rae and Sajjad Bhatti.
Jonathan Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa in June with a broken leg.
Parts of south Wales are expected to see more heavy rain on Monday, bringing the risk of localised flooding.
Wimbledon is one of the world's biggest tennis tournaments.
More than 50 people had to be rescued from a burnt-out double-decker bus after a fire broke out in North Ayrshire.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are among the UK's most likely cities to suffer from a so-called "hard" Brexit, according to researchers.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to leave their homes as a huge wildfire rages on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius in southern Italy.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been formally installed at a church service in the city.
President: Alassane Ouattara
Organisers of meetings and events like the World Economic Forum in Davos are being encouraged to embrace digital technology, says Cvent chief executive Gurinder Aggarwal.
The Ospreys maintained their winning start to the season with a hard-fought derby victory over Newport Gwent Dragons on a muddy Principality Stadium pitch.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Shilpa Kannan looks at the history of Indian brand names.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop selling cars in India as part of cost-cutting measures, but will continue to make cars for overseas markets.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier who was beaten to death outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited a south London's Brixton market for the first time since the introduction of the Brixton Pound.
More than 400 whales have become stranded on a New Zealand beach after getting trapped by a receding tide.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans not to boo the national team when they take on Slovenia in their World Cup qualifier at Hampden on Sunday.
Surrey moved level on points at the top of the County Championship with Warwickshire thanks to an eight-wicket win at The Oval.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of attempting to join Islamic State militants have been released without charge.
Two Welsh police forces have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog.
Ministers are considering taking over some of the schools caught up in the "Trojan Horse" allegations in Birmingham, the BBC has learned.
Galatasaray have signed Morocco international forward Mohamed Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal.
A man who was jailed for sending a "menacing" tweet to Robin Hood Airport has launched an appeal against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it possible for a small business to run itself without a boss?
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing at an hour before take-off because of a series of problems, an air accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa, which starts in June.
Dozens of patients at a Nottinghamshire hospital have experienced "uncomfortable" or "discomfort" after undergoing eye surgery after a mobile operating theatre broke down.
Eight people have gone on trial in the German city of Dresden charged with attempted murder over a series of bomb attacks against asylum-seekers and left-wing groups.
EU funding has not had an impact on Wales' economy, the Welsh Secretary has said, after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi, the only person convicted over the 1988 Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am flight 103, was sentenced to life in prison.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian statues in northern Iraq.
Flood warnings are still in place across the UK after heavy rain hit many parts of the country on Saturday.
TalkTalk has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of March as it continues to recover from the cyber attack that hit the telecoms firm last year.
Heineken has been told it must submit plans to take over the Punch Taverns chain or face an in-depth competition investigation.
A new centre has been officially opened at the University of Aberdeen to develop new technologies for the North Sea oil industry.
Sunderland midfielder Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for being involved in a "widespread supply of illicit drugs".
BBC News School Report is back and this year, schools across England and Wales are being asked to take part in News Day on 16 March 2017.
An Iron Age hill fort in Powys may have been occupied much earlier than previously thought, archaeologists say.
Two police officers have been shot at a police car in Londonderry.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in a march in London later in memory of Kids Company, a children's charity which closed its doors on Wednesday.
President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of being "wasteful" and "blasé" over a £6m subsidy it paid to run a park-and-ride site.
Up to 200,000 children in England and Wales could be forced into poverty as a result of changes to benefits, say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs to adapt to the changing nature of the labour market in the future, according to a new report.
A US judge has sentenced an al-Qaeda suspect to life in prison in prison for plotting to bomb US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Cardiff City have signed winger Kadeem Harris from Wycombe Wanderers for an undisclosed fee.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset is not only a landmark project for the French state-owned energy company, EDF.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Pontarddulais cricket player who died on Sunday.
Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, according to US officials.
Bolton Wanderers have signed goalkeeper David Stockdale from Championship rivals Bolton Wanderers for an undisclosed fee.
Tom Williams scored the only goal of the game to help Bristol Rovers to victory over Doncaster in the FA Cup first round.
Nottingham Forest's director of football Les Collymore has pulled out of the running to become the club's new chief executive.
Widnes will continue to play on an artificial rugby league pitch despite reports of players being injured during their Super League game against Warrington on Saturday.
About 1,000 people are expected to attend a public meeting about plans to spend £200m on Keynsham town centre regeneration.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy from Northland Chiefs.
A bagpiper has been found guilty of fraud after being caught playing bagpipes while pretending to raise money for the Hillsborough Justice Campaign.
Probation officers in England and Wales have been told to do more to ensure offenders who have been ordered to do unpaid work complete it on time.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions against the Hurricanes in Wellington on Saturday.
Adele's new single, Hello, is set to become the most successful single of the year in the UK.
The search for a missing Aberdeenshire man has been "extremely challenging" and "challenging", police have said.
Hundreds of teaching assistants in County Durham have taken part in a rally in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election offers an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland.
The melting of Arctic sea ice is taking scientists "by surprise", one of the world's leading scientists has told the BBC.
A Muslim man who became the first Muslim man in the UK to marry a non-Muslim says he has received death threats after sharing his story online.
Cornwall will play Cheshire in the Lancashire County Cup final after a bonus-point win over Surrey.
An augmented reality app featuring characters from Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland has been launched in Llandudno.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was involved in a collision with a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have accused Highways England of carrying out a "sham" consultation into "modest" road improvements in West Sussex.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been banned from football for eight years after being found guilty of misconduct by Fifa's ethics committee.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered a square megalithic circle at a Neolithic site in Leicestershire.
A woman has been seriously injured after being mauled to death by a banned breed of dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils goalkeeper Craig Bowns says he would not swap his team for anyone in the Elite League after their Challenge Cup final defeat by Nottingham Panthers.
A boy who developed a rare form of narcolepsy after being vaccinated has been awarded £120,000 compensation.
Lifeguards will be on duty at Camber Sands this weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea.
Police have issued a warning after reports of people dressing up as clowns in public places across south Wales.
A former IRA man jailed for murder is challenging a request by the PSNI to obtain tapes of interviews he gave to a US history project.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ucuele Manga is expected to return to training later this week after being treated for malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers moved off the bottom of League One with victory over Cambridge United thanks to goals from Helder Costa and Jed Wallace.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill says he has been criticised from within his own party for the way he selected candidates for the Welsh Assembly election.
Tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died after a collision with a car in Aberdeenshire.
The number of insects in the UK could be driven closer to extinction because of the recent wet weather, experts have warned.
Prime Minister David Cameron has decided to take military action against so-called Islamic State in Syria.
At least 12 people have been wounded in a shooting outside a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has announced that the last of its range of dedicated e-readers, the PRS-T3, will be sold in Europe.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has agreed to remove controversial metal detectors installed at a Jerusalem holy site after days of protests from Palestinians.
Wales will hold a summit on Monday to discuss ways to improve the country's resilience to flooding.
Premier League leaders Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are five teams in the race for the title who "can fight to win it".
A police dog has been put down after biting a man who was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Eugene, an artificially intelligent chatbot, has become the first computer to pass the Turing Test.
Eight Scottish swimmers have been selected for Team GB's Olympic squad for Rio 2016.
Israeli judoka Sasson El Shehaby was disqualified for refusing to shake his opponent's hand after he refused to bow to him in the men's -57kg final at Rio 2016.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought win over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the largest and most densely-populated countries on the African continent, with a population of over half a billion people.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a new way of visualising the inside of the brain that could help to diagnose Alzheimer's disease.
British number one Johanna Konta says she is not bothered by suggestions she is favourite to win the Wimbledon women's singles title for the first time.
The roll-out of smart meters in England and Wales has been delayed for a third time.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a call from the DUP to cut the penalty for parking fines from £90 to £45.
An anti-bullying "dossier" which named alleged Tory "bully" Mark Clarke was given to the party's chairman and co-chair in 2010, it has emerged.
A fishing boat has been rescued from the sea off the Suffolk coast after running aground.
St Ronan's College reached the Ulster Schools' Club Football semi-final with a 1-16 to 0-14 victory over St Mary's Magilligan at the Dub on Sunday.
The International Space Station (ISS) has become home to two new high-resolution Earth-observing cameras for the first time.
An Indian teenager from a poor family has become the country's highest ever topper in a school exam.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols is being recommended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency following the sinking of a crab boat in which three fishermen died.
More than 2,000 ancient Egyptian sites have been discovered by analysing satellite imagery from Earth-observing satellites, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a missing woman whose body was found in Greater Manchester.
Miranda, BBC One's award-winning romantic comedy, has come to an emotional end with its third and final episode.
Apple announced the world's first smartwatch at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Monday.
A Scottish sea salt business has signed a deal to supply supermarket chain Sainbury's.
"What time does your website close?" in Poole and "Can I exercise my kestrel on your tip?" in Nottingham are among the "bizarre" customer service calls made to councils in England and Wales, says the Local Government Association.
A 17th Century painting believed to be the only one of its kind has been discovered in County Durham.
A fast-food chain has been given the go-ahead to open a restaurant in an Aberdeenshire village despite objections from residents.
A mental health doctor has criticised a police decision to stop detaining people under the Mental Health Act has seen a rise in A&E admissions.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he hopes to be able to return to competitive golf "pain-free" in 2016.
The Champions League final between Real Madrid and Juventus will be played at Cardiff City Stadium for the first time in the city's history.
The NBA has announced plans to launch an e-sports league that will see professional basketball players compete in the NBA 2K video game.
Theresa May has been accused of "side-stepping" questions about whether she knew about a test failure of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons.
Andy Murray has become the first British sportsman to hold the world number one ranking.
Aston Villa midfielder Scott Sinclair has signed a new long-term contract with the Championship club.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage seven of the Criterium du Dauphine to become the first Briton to win the race twice.
Elvis Presley's long-time road manager Joe Esposito has died aged 74.
(Close): Shares in airlines were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100, with British Airways owner IAG among the worst hit.
One of the last flying Lancasters has been grounded after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl from a street.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has reached its highest level since 2003, official figures show.
Tottenham's lack of summer transfer activity is a "tragedy" for Premier League rivals Chelsea and Arsenal, says Blues boss Antonio Conte.
Music fans have long complained about the cost of going to see their favourite band or singer perform live - and how much they have to pay.
Microsoft has announced plans to release a new collection of Halo games exclusively for the Xbox One.
Tributes have been paid to singer Ed Sheeran, who has died at his home in Los Angeles.
Home Secretary Theresa May should use her "discretionary" to ban two "incendiary" US speakers from entering the UK ahead of an English Defence League (EDL) event, a Labour MP has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged US President-elect Donald Trump to send "signals of unity" to minorities and women who were concerned about the "bitter and ferocity" of the US election campaign.
At least 60 people have been killed and many injured after a passenger train derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, officials say.
Glamorgan have announced their 2017 T20 Blast schedule, which will see them play six matches at home and three away.
TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with driving while over the drink-drive limit.
Two police officers have told an inquest of the "horrific" crush that killed two people at a nightclub.
A woman was abducted with her young child in the back of a car before being raped in a wooded area, police have said.
Ali Carter says he is lucky to be alive after being beaten by world number one John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship because of abdominal pain.
A woman who fought brain cancer with "absolute defiance" after being diagnosed with a Grade 4 tumour has died.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided not to cut interest rates, but shares in Dollar General rose after it reported better-than-expected profits.
A large sinkhole has opened up in the centre of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, close to a World Cup venue.
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford at Griffin Park.
The International Ski Federation president has apologised for comparing the International Olympic Committee's proposed ban on Russian athletes to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been questioned by police in Peru after being removed from Machu Picchu, one of the world's most famous ancient sites.
Chinese authorities have confirmed that a warehouse that exploded in the northern Chinese city of Tianjin on Friday contained the toxic chemical sodium cyanide.
Unqualified teachers are being employed in England's schools, putting the educational progress of children at risk, says a teachers' union.
A woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the party into the next general election, if he is re-elected.
Europe owes around half of its ancestry to hunter-gatherers from the Caucasus, while the other half may have come from farmers from the Middle East, a study suggests.
The owner of a boutique called Isis says she is considering changing the name after the Islamic State militant group.
Gordonstoun Academy has said it is "shocked and saddened" after a former pupil claimed she was raped by a teacher at the school.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will commit to renationalise the railways if he wins the election.
The mother of a schoolgirl who went missing from East Sussex with a teacher who groomed her to have sex with her has spoken out for the first time about what happened.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the latest signing of their summer transfer window with the signing of France Under-20 international defender Raphael Varane from French side Ligue 1 side Lille.
China's inflation rate rose to its highest since February last year in June, official figures show, as food prices continued to rise.
Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the progress his Fortuna Sittard side are making in the Dutch Eredivisie.
All pictures are copyrighted unless otherwise noted.
The fuselage of one of the RAF's last aircraft has arrived at its new home after a lorry journey of more than 1,000 miles.
A husband and wife from Worcestershire have died in separate falls while on holiday in Morocco.
A group of giant ice balls have been photographed off the coast of Siberia in Russia.
Guernsey Football Club have been told they must pay the Football Association's entry fee if they want to play in the FA Cup.
Comic-book legend Stan Lee is to be portrayed in a new film about his life and work.
People in north Wales are being urged to adopt basic cyber security principles as part of a new initiative aimed at keeping people safe online.
More than £1,000 has been raised for the rescue of dogs from a fire that destroyed a care home in Greater Manchester.
More than 40% of athletes at the 2011 World Athletics Championships in Daegu tested positive for banned substances, according to research by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
England all-rounder Vince Vincenzo Vince has been named in the squad for the T20 World Cup, which starts in Mumbai in March.
A Scottish singer has tracked down the grave of his great great grandfather through the lyrics of a song he wrote about his grandmother.
The Flying Scotsman, one of Britain's most famous steam locomotives, has been repainted green to mark its return to service.
Saracens centre Nick Thompson has signed a new contract to stay with the Premiership club until June 2019.
Avengers: Age of Ultron has been named by director Joss Whedon at the Comic-Con convention in Las Vegas.
Pupils at Moco-Moco Primary School stand proudly on the front of their red-brick building, their heads held high in proud pride.
The Scottish SPCA has been criticised for putting to sleep a potentially deadly snake it believed to be a green mamba.
A British man has pleaded guilty in a US court to transporting child pornography and paying to have sex with a nine-year-old Mexican boy.
Wrestling fans in China will soon be able to watch their favourite wrestlers on TV.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a hot trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio, Texas, officials say.
A police officer who was seriously injured when he was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house in Northamptonshire has been awarded a bravery medal.
Scottish soft drinks maker AG Barr has reported a rise in profits, helped by sales of Irn Bru, Rubicon, Funkin and Funkin.
A young black man has been shot dead by police in Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in the US city.
Madonna has apologised for using the hashtag #rebelheart to promote her new album, Rebel Heart.
Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan came from 2-0 down to draw with Colchester United in League One.
Charli XCX says she wants to "take over the world" as a songwriter.
Apple has joined Facebook in freezing the eggs of its female employees, as part of a new policy to boost the number of female employees in Silicon Valley.
Wladimir Klitschko and Anthony Joshua may be world heavyweight champions, but Muhammad Ali was a much better fighter than either of them, says his former opponent Dave Shavers.
The Bank of England has decided not to raise its benchmark interest rate from 0.5% to 0.25%.
Cleveland and Chicago will go head-to-head in the best-of-seven World Series on Tuesday night, hoping to end baseball's 108-year wait for a title.
Theresa May has launched the Queen's Speech with a pledge to "build a more united country" by "delivering the best Brexit deal" for the UK.
The RSPCA should have a clear separation between its public interest role in bringing prosecutions and its political and commercial ones, an MP has said.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) as part of its latest Street View expansion.
Hundreds of swimmers have taken part in the annual Christmas Day event in Tenby, Northamptonshire.
HSBC has named the chief executive of Asian insurer AIA International, Tony Tucker, as its new chairman.
The head of the US delegation at the UN climate talks in Morocco, Dr John Pershing, has said he is confident the Paris Agreement can be sustained.
Swansea City's Tom Routledge scored a hat-trick as the Premier League champions beat the National League's Charlotte Independence 4-0.
A man had to be freed from the roof of a nightclub after falling asleep at the bar.
The government is expected to publish its draft plan for tackling air pollution in England and Wales later, after a High Court judge ordered it to do so by 9 May.
A memorial to police officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Crusaders moved level on points with Premiership leaders Linfield thanks to goals from Craig Whyte and David Forsythe at the Showgrounds.
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" not responsible for the mismanagement of state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014 yn cael ei defnyddio gan fysiau.
Thousands of migrant women in Germany are paying fake fathers to register as parents so they can stay in the country and claim asylum, officials say.
Fines for data breaches across the European Union are set to rise sharply after the introduction of the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), according to PwC.
Thousands of people have been visiting the Turin Shroud, a 1,000-year-old relic of the Roman Catholic Church which is on public display for the first time since 2010.
People from outside the UK could soon be charged for using the NHS in Wales, the health secretary has said.
North Korea has announced that it carried out a test of an H-bomb - a type of nuclear device capable of carrying a nuclear warhead.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of former DUP MP David Ford.
The Scottish government has been accused of carrying out a "sham consultation" on its named person policy.
Championship side West Bromwich Albion have signed Everton midfielder Jack Browning on loan for the rest of the season.
Thousands of Scots are being asked to take part in a study to find out how genes are passed down through the generations.
David is too frightened to cross the road if a group of people approach him.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday, with the S&P 500 edging into positive territory for the year after the Federal Reserve decided not to raise interest rates.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second quarter sales to 527,600 vehicles, helped by sales of Mercedes-Benz cars.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to the civil war in Syria, saying it is "unacceptable" for the Syrian government to use chemical weapons.
Nintendo has reported a net loss for the three months to June as sales of its Wii U and 3DS games consoles fell sharply.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places as they came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Burton Albion.
It was the latest in a series of road markings that have gone wrong - this time it was a set of double yellow lines painted on a road in Cardiff.
A Scottish aid worker was unlawfully killed while working for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Pakistan, an inquest has concluded.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A legal challenge against plans to build electricity pylons in a Pembrokeshire forest has been dismissed by a High Court judge.
China has become the first country in the world to open an internet court that allows people to sue each other online.
Shares in Samsung C&T, one of South Korea's biggest construction firms, have fallen sharply after shareholders voted to approve a controversial merger.
A row has broken out over the sale of an ancient Egyptian statue by Northampton Borough Council.
Yorkshire will begin their 2016 County Championship campaign away to Division One leaders Middlesex in the opening game of the season.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend before dismembering his body and disposing of the body parts in a suitcase, a court has heard.
UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales News understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has become the first person to be charged with fraud under the country's new anti-corruption law.
Rangers continued their perfect start to the season with a convincing victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Ugandan troops are to leave South Sudan by 1 November, the government has said, as the deadline for foreign troops to leave the war-ravaged country passes.
Air ambulance charities serving parts of England, Wales and Scotland are to receive money from the Libor penalty, the government has announced.
An Isle of Wight teenager has set a new world record for the fastest lap of the Solent.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Shane Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club next season after helping the Seagulls reach the Premier League.
A cancer drug fund should be set up in Wales after a former health chief was forced to move to England to receive treatment because of a lack of funding, she has said.
Michael Disley scored a late winner as Forest Green beat Grimsby to move level on points with National League leaders Forest Green Rovers.
An Austrian scientist is attempting to break the record for the world's largest model of a crystal.
Kenneth Starr, the former head of the independent counsel's investigation into President Bill Clinton's conduct in the White House, has praised him for his "outstanding service to the nation".
Belfast's transport minister Simon Hazzard has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city to run seven-to-seven times a day.
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together, not take sides.
Formula 1 bosses have rejected a proposal to revert to the 2015 elimination system for qualifying at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Barry Bingham was knocked out of the UK Championship after losing 6-4 to fellow Englishman Joe Perry in the quarter-finals.
Russia's state TV channels have strongly criticised Ukraine's government's handling of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, accusing it of carrying out 'psychological attacks' on civilians.
Worcestershire all-rounder Joe Leach and Leicestershire's Ed Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to put the visitors in a strong position on day three of their Championship game at Grace Road.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow to raise awareness of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community in the wake of the murder of shopkeeper Asad Shah.
Music-streaming service Spotify has announced a raft of new non-music content for its iPhone app.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "does not know how good he is", says manager Jurgen Klopp.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating a packet of Pringles.
A former Royal Navy chaplain who served in the Falklands War has written a series of children's books about life in the armed forces.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson qualified for Rio 2016 with a clean sweep of the long jump and javelin at the European Indoor Championships.
US presidential hopefuls Donald Trump and Jeremy Corbyn have been praised for their authenticity in the run-up to the US election.
Southampton have signed midfielder Nathan Redmond from Championship rivals Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP AM Michelle Brown has been accused of breaching disciplinary rules after a group of party members called for her to be removed from her post.
Australian investigators have begun looking into the cause of a plane crash that killed six people at an airport in Melbourne.
A convicted Nazi war criminal who shot dead three Dutch resistance fighters in World War Two has been sentenced to life in prison by a German court.
The body of a Palestinian woman who was critically injured in a firebombing in the West Bank has been released from an Israeli hospital.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he is stepping down.
More than half of people applying for loans in the UK want to use the money to buy a new car or home, according to a survey.
Two men have been taken to hospital after a man was seriously injured and another was injured in an unprovoked attack at a house in Dundee.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is "not for sale", says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Up to 130 jobs could be at risk at Glasgow's Arches after the closure of its nightclub, according to an MSP.
Shares in Lonmin have risen sharply after the platinum miner said it would issue new shares at a "substantial discount" as it seeks to shore up its finances.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who has gone missing in Poland has appealed for help to trace him.
Worcester Warriors have signed back-row flanker Joe Cockerill on a one-year deal from Championship side Gloucester Warriors.
Work is under way at a disused railway station to make way for a new platform and signal box.
Torquay ended their National League season with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
More than 100,000 people who signed a petition calling for a second EU referendum to be held if there was a turnout of less than 75% have been told by the Foreign Office it will be debated by MPs.
A man who murdered schoolgirl Paige Doherty after she threatened to report him for sexual assault has had his life sentence reduced to life by appeal judges.
A group of voters have begun a legal challenge to oust the mayor of a London borough from office.
Roald Dahl's award for the funniest children's book in the world is to be revived.
Somalia's newly-elected public works minister has been shot dead by security forces in a "friendly fire" incident, officials say.
Goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them reach the Premier League for the first time.
Police believe a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve may be from Vietnam, an inquest has heard.
A look at some of the stories from the BBC News website Newsround archives.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of preparing to carry out acts of terrorism, police have said.
Canada has launched a national inquiry into the murder and disappearance of indigenous women.
A Kuwaiti man held at Guantanamo Bay has been released from the Guantanamo Bay detention centre in Kuwait, his lawyer has said.
A national register of patients who have had breast implant surgery in England and Wales has been launched by the health secretary.
A self-driving robot has crashed into a building in San Francisco, California, after being hit by a car.
A man is being sought by police after a teenage boy is suspected of sexually assaulting a teenage girl in Bristol.
If you want to be a game maker, make games today, and finish them.
Golovar Gorka Izagirre won stage nine of the Giro d'Italia as fellow Spaniard Bob Jungels retained the overall lead.
The UK is enjoying a surge in international tourism, driven by the fall in the value of the pound.
The Irish Foreign Minister Charlie Flanagan has said the Irish government will support an Egyptian court's bid to release an Irish man on bail from prison.
A florist has been targeted by scammers pretending to be from TalkTalk.
MPs are being urged to introduce a new law to stop lawyers from cross-examining alleged rape victims in court.
Dave Durrant is to step down from his position as Rangers' Under-20s coach.
Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City Women will play Arsenal in the semi-finals of the WSL 1 Cup.
Truro City head coach Gary Churcher has urged his side to build on their National Two South win over Chinnor on Saturday, saying it would be a "waste of time" to let up.
Wales midfielder Jess Fish has been speaking to BBC Sport about her experience of managing Women's Super League One side Melbourne City.
A leading anti-Islam campaigner has been allowed to stand for the leadership of the UK Independence Party (UKIP).
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Aegon International in Nottingham.
A van Gogh expert has questioned the authenticity of a painting hung in a cafe in Reading, Berkshire.
An exhibition of rare animals from Windsor Castle has opened at the Prince Regent Gallery.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has delayed the launch of its ExoMars rover by two years to 2020.
Ireland's Katie Doherty has become an internet sensation after a video of her falling over while running a marathon went viral.
Yorkshire missed out on the chance to reach the One-Day Cup semi-finals for the first time since 2002 as they were beaten by Surrey by seven wickets at Lord's despite a fine century from England all-rounder Ben Davies.
Paris's Champs-Elysees station has reopened after a security alert following reports of a major police operation.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a 3D imaging technique that can reveal the location of cancer cells before they spread around the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) after heavy rains caused widespread flooding in the city.
US presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders may be locked in a tight battle for the Democratic nomination for November's White House, but they're not afraid to ratchet up the rhetoric.
At least 13 people have been killed in an explosion in north-east Nigeria's Borno state, an MP has told the BBC.
MPs will return to Westminster on Thursday for the last sitting of the current Parliament before the general election on 8 June.
A "trendy" pixelated building with a sliver of glass in the middle of it looks like something out of a science fiction novel.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a roller-coaster.
Facebook and Microsoft have teamed up to build a high-speed data cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen missed the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham because of a cold, Buckingham Palace has said.
The father of fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia to see his son, who has been granted asylum in the country.
US researchers have developed a device that transfers electricity using far-field electromagnetic waves, and successfully implanted it into a rabbit.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats prop Jamie Sneyd has signed a new contract with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured after a car was involved in a crash on the M90 near Dundee.
Cuba has denounced US President Donald Trump's decision to tighten trade and travel restrictions with the communist-run island.
An outbreak of measles has been declared in Swansea, Neath Port Talbot and Swansea Bay.
More than 60 people are feared dead after a passenger plane crashed into a river in Taiwan, officials say.
Two new species of magnolia plants have been discovered in Mexico after being discovered on an online encyclopaedia of life.
Carers who work with young children in schools and nurseries in Wales should be valued and have their careers recognised, ministers have said.
A Swedish astronaut has played bagpipes on the International Space Station in a tribute to a Scottish engineer who died in October.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" in Saturday's Premier League game against Manchester United at Etihad Stadium.
Manchester City will take a one-goal advantage into the second leg of their Continental Cup semi-final against Brondby thanks to a stunning strike from England midfielder Maddie Walsh.
A Falkirk couple have become the UK's biggest Euromillions jackpot winners after claiming a £110m prize.
Brussels, the capital of Belgium, has been under a state of emergency after a series of explosions took place in the city centre.
A former Soviet officer has appeared in court in the US on terrorism charges after being extradited from Afghanistan.
Perth and Kinross Council is set to make a final decision on whether to back plans to redevelop the city's former Perth Hall.
Michael Macphee says he is proud Northern Ireland have reached the Europa League group stage but is disappointed Scotland failed to qualify for Euro 2016.
Badgers will be vaccinated against bovine TB in new areas of England as part of a government scheme to reduce the number of the animals culled.
Urinary catheters should be "state of the art" medical devices, not the "lowly" ones they are, a leading urologist says.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations opener against Cameroon on Sunday.
The Cuban government says it will take "appropriate measures" after a state-owned company named two new colognes after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez.
A councillor who sent an offensive and racist tweet about the Irish national anthem has resigned from his post.
Cardiff University has accepted the findings of an independent review into an "offensive stereotyping" incident involving medical students.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world are visiting Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the world's largest concentration camps where millions of Jews were murdered by the Nazis in World War Two.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash in Conwy county.
Formula 1's strategy group has come up with some radical changes to the sport's cars and engines for 2017.
The owner of a County Londonderry ice cream parlour has said he is going to be closed for a while after a car was stolen from his shop.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after a man was found dead at his home in Dundee.
An investigation into the Shoreham air disaster has found concerns about the safety of ejection seats on the jet that crashed into the road, killing 11 people.
Narendra Modi's appearance at the United Nations World Yoga Day event in India has been criticised by some critics.
An exhibition of some of Liverpool's most memorable childhood photographs has gone on show.
The University of Manchester has been awarded a £1.3m grant from the government to help fund a new cancer research centre.
Scotland's Andy Hawkins narrowly missed out on the men's 8km title to Kenya's Geoffrey Korir at the World Indoor Championships in Edinburgh.
An 18th Century mansion house has been badly damaged in a suspected arson attack in Dumfries and Galloway.
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says new manager Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to his team since taking over from Walter Zenga.
A civic group has called for a strategic approach to the future protection of heritage in Londonderry after the demolition of a derelict factory on the Foyle Road.
A man who stabbed a man to death with a single stab wound to the heart before going back to his flat to steal more items has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has said it is "confident of the outlook for the business and in line with its expectations for the current year" after reporting a big fall in half-year profits.
A 20th anniversary celebration is being held to mark the closure of Ipswich's airport 20 years ago.
Two men have been injured after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine in the early hours of Sunday.
A man who lost his cherished toy lion at a stately home has been reunited with it after it was returned to him by the National Trust.
The idea that World War One soldiers spent most of their time fighting in trenches is "simply not true", researchers have said.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to use sign language on the election campaign trail.
Scientists hope to map how the developing human brain connects to the outside world by studying the brains of newborn babies.
England captain Wayne Rooney should not retire from international football, says his country's all-time leading goalscorer Frank Lampard.
A man whose car crashed into a shop in County Armagh has said he and his family are lucky to be alive.
David Cameron is due to meet European leaders in Brussels for the first time since the UK's surprise election victory.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found stabbed to death in a house said she was "very much loved by all who knew her".
Bolivia has become the first country in the world to allow 12-year-olds to work.
Plans to demolish a former hospital in Denbighshire have been put on hold because of seagulls.
(Close): London's main share index rose to a one-month high after the Federal Reserve decided not to raise US interest rates.
Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student support funding in Scotland.
San Diego's SeaWorld theme park has been told to stop breeding killer whales.
Championship leaders Brighton came from behind to beat Birmingham City in the EFL Cup semi-final first leg while Yeovil and Carlisle paid tribute to the travelling Glovers fans who made the 6,000-mile round trip to Brunton Park.
Worcestershire have released all three of their T20 players, including all-rounder Luke Milnes and wicketkeeper-batsmen Lewis and McKay.
The surge in home sales seen since the start of last summer may be "exhausted itself", according to surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives' M4 relief road group has been accused of "tittle-tattle" after a row over a tweet.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Sunday has been named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) as a "stunning young leader".
Twitter is planning to make it easier for you to see what you've missed out on while you were offline.
It was a night of colour, passion and drama, a night that will be remembered for a long time to come.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre after a bet of £15,000 was placed on the band.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has threatened to take legal action against the head of the Department of Justice over the new planning policy for Northern Ireland.
Two of Southampton's largest industrial estates have been sold to a shipping company.
Russian sprinter Tatyana Chernova should be banned from athletics for life after being found guilty of doping, says World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chairman Richard Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is to recruit its first female choristers as part of a drive to boost the size of its choir.
Great Britain's women's hockey team were beaten 2-1 by North Korea in their opening Group A game at the World Championship in Sochi.
Haiti is still recovering from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew, but the people of the country are proving to be resilient, reports the BBC's Yolande Knell.
Travel firm Skyscanner has reported a sharp rise in revenues and visitors to its website, helped by strong growth in its mobile app.
An all-new London taxi factory is set to open on Wednesday, bringing to an end one of the UK's "great comeback stories".
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why the United Nations needs Africa more than any other continent.
The pound fell sharply against the dollar after the EU referendum result came in on 23 June.
A Scotch whisky distillery in Dumfries and Galloway has been taken over by a local businessman who hopes it will be the "cornerstone of the community".
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show is to be moved from Sunday to Friday evenings, the BBC has announced.
More needs to be done to tackle a deadly form of tuberculosis that affects animals, health experts say.
Andy Murray will not take his foot off the gas after becoming world number one, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins beat world number one Stuart Bingham 10-6 in a thrilling final to win the China Championship.
More than half of US schoolchildren are sleep deprived, according to a study by US researchers.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has marked his first day in office with a ride on a horse.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation into an allegation of historical sex abuse by a former scout at the club.
Plans for up to 1,000 homes in a village in Carmarthenshire are being considered by councillors.
Newcastle United defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse could face a three-match ban for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy who died after being assaulted by a group of teenagers at a birthday party in south-east London has been named by police.
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett says it was a "no-brainer" to join manager Neil Warnock.
ScotRail has rejected claims from the RMT union that profits are being siphoned off by the company which runs Scotland's railways.
Ireland all-rounder Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket after the Irish women's team were beaten by South Africa in their final one-day international.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been accused of being "disgraceful" and "arrogant" by West Ham manager Slaven Bilic and former Manchester United defender Gary Neville.
The number of prosecutions dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has reached a record level, figures show.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of the FA Cup final with the help of BBC Radio 1 DJ A.Dot and BBC Sport's Robbie Savage.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are set to be bailed out by the Welsh Government because of overspending, the health secretary has said.
British gymnast Jack MacKenzie has returned home to South Africa, where he hopes to make history by becoming the first Olympic gymnast from his country to compete under the British flag.
A woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck.
(Close): US shares closed higher on Friday, lifted by strong jobs figures which showed the US economy added 211,000 jobs in April.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved in making bombs for use in Iraq", a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to see out his contract with the club despite reports he will not sign a new deal.
Parts of England and Wales could be in for a hot and humid weather this week.
A minimum price for alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales to reduce the harm caused by alcohol consumption, a review by Public Health England says.
Jon Stewart, the host of the long-running US satirical news programme The Daily Show, has hosted his final episode of the show.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of the payments due to farmers and crofters due to the European subsidy payment deadline, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from teaching after being disciplined for posting sexual content online.
Nintendo has defended its new Switch console after thousands of customers reported problems with dead pixels on its LCD screen.
Carl Frampton will make the first defence of his WBA super-bantamweight title against Leo Santa Cruz in New York on Saturday.
A new bus lane has come into effect in Lancashire city centre.
Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten century for Hampshire against Somerset at Taunton to help his side move off the bottom of the County Championship table.
Photographer Celine Stella's latest project is a series of pictures of Saudi Arabia's neon lights.
More than a third of people accessing Google every day are caught out by malicious web browser add-ons, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he does not want to "lead the 'yes' case" for becoming a republic.
Jonjo Shelvey marked his first game for Newcastle with two goals as the Magpies beat West Ham to move off the bottom of the Premier League.
For many, the Olympic stage is a sacred place.
The general election campaign is in full swing, with campaigning under way across the country.
The life of a Tibetan Buddhist monk murdered in China has been brought to life in a new film.
An extra £1bn will be spent on social care services for the elderly in England, the chancellor has announced in his Budget speech.
A man accused of killing a mother-of-two by riding a "fixie" bike with no front brake blamed his alleged victim for the collision, a court has heard.
There is no "compelling evidence" a tumble dryer was responsible for a fatal fire which killed two men in a flat, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned its personnel from drinking alcohol on and off base after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving in Okinawa, Japan.
John Bercow is leaving the House of Commons today, after the Conservatives won a majority of Conservative MPs in a secret ballot to re-elect him as Speaker.
Gangnam Style has become the most-watched video on YouTube.
Widnes moved off the bottom of Super League with a hard-fought victory over Castleford at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine using a controversial new IVF technique to transfer DNA from one woman's egg to another's sperm.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been put into special measures after being judged to be "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Gaz O'Brien's last-minute drop-goal saw Salford Red Devils beat Hull KR to win the Million Pound Game and avoid relegation from Super League.
When Chilla Osman arrived at school in the Indonesian city of Cilacap on Tuesday morning, she was looking forward to the first day of school.
A 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was found seriously injured in a street in Dublin.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One after losing out to Nottingham Forest in the Championship play-off final to Brentford.
More than half of children who eat school lunches in England do not eat a single vegetable, according to a survey by England's School Food Trust.
A light aircraft pilot has died after crashing into a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
The captain of a Belfast-based container ship has been fined for being over the drink-drive limit while on duty.
Mexico's central bank governor, Agustin Carstens, is in the running to become the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A chronology of key events in the world's most turbulent relationship between the UK and Iran:
Stevenage missed the chance to move level on points with League Two leaders Portsmouth after a goalless draw at Cambridge.
Star Wars actor Warwick Davis has had his caravan stolen, even though it was locked with a hitch and wheel lock.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a dinner at the Edinburgh International Centre (EICC) later this year.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of face veils in public was "justifiable in principle".
A Celtic fan is to stand trial accused of displaying a "threatening and offensive" banner at the Scottish Cup final against Rangers.
A police report about a woman being hit over the head with a packet of bacon by a shopper at a Tesco store in Salford has been disputed by CCTV footage.
The discovery of a box on the outskirts of the Bolivian capital, La Paz, by a local woman, Ana Maria Cappa, was so unexpected that it stunned even her.
If you read the Federal Reserve's statement on Wednesday's interest rate rise, you might not have noticed that the word "patient" was replaced with "patient".
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has avoided standing down ahead of the general election, despite calls for him to stand down.
Wrestling is all about more than how you look on the wrestling ring.
Fans of Flappy Bird, a mobile game that requires players to tap the screen to make a bird fly away from obstacles, have expressed relief that the game is no longer available.
Thousands of plastic bags containing the names of migrants who have drowned in the Mediterranean have been dumped in Brighton in a show of solidarity.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train members of the Royal Family to be part of the Queen's official entertaining team.
Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the US Open with a straight-set victory over Canadian Milos Raonic at Flushing Meadows.
South African Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius was not wearing his prosthetic legs when he broke down a toilet door with a cricket bat, a forensics expert has told his murder trial.
During World War Two, millions of people in the UK were forced to work hard to feed themselves and their families because of a shortage of food.
