A charity has said there is a "desperate need" for more one-bedroom flats to be built to help former prisoners find housing after being released from prison.
A man has been charged after a number of firearms and ammunition were seized by police in Edinburgh.
A judge has denied bail to four black teenagers accused of beating a disabled white man and forcing him to kiss the floor in a video posted on Facebook Live.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed Tony Pulis as their new director of football, with immediate effect.
A diet that mimics a "fasting-mimicking" diet can restore the function of a special type of cell in the pancreas, a study suggests.
The merger of the two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica, has been widely reported around the world, but is there any question about the suitability of the deal?
Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of a "win-at-all-costs culture" after she was dropped from the 2012 Olympic team pursuit squad.
When the owner of a comedy club in Texas, Texas, tells the BBC News website that he used to think people would never laugh at his jokes, he may have been in the right place at the right time.
Shareholders in BT have reacted to the news that Ofcom has ruled out plans to split the company into two separate companies.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to returning to Hampden Park for the first time since taking charge of the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places at the institution by 1,010 over the next three years.
An NHS trust has apologised after 850 patients were sent the wrong patient information leaflets that said their symptoms might indicate cancer.
The shadow foreign secretary has denied Labour is "hopelessly divided" over the Brexit bill, saying there are "back channels" between the party and the government.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he is unlikely to get any compensation from the club's sale of former captain Kevin O'Kane to Bournemouth.
A visit by a police officer may have contributed to the distress of a man who was later found dead in the sea off Anglesey, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed striker Ryan Taylor-Fletcher on loan from Leicester City until January.
A former Nasa chief scientist says the incoming Trump administration would be doing an "entirely enormous disservice" to the US and the world if it curbs access to data on climate change.
The Specials drummer Brad Brad Bradbury has died aged 69, the band has announced.
Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the halfway cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose holds a one-shot lead.
Former England striker Carlton Cole says he has a "long road ahead" to recovery after receiving a kidney transplant following his battle with kidney failure.
Pakistan has lifted a ban on YouTube, which was imposed after a film showing the Prophet Muhammad was falsely accused of blasphemy in 2012.
Leicester Tigers back-row Josh Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Liam Doull said he felt like he had "dreamt of this moment for so long" after winning his first Olympic gold medal at Rio 2016.
At least 80 people have been killed in flash floods in India's western state of Gujarat, officials say.
It is believed to be the first wedding in Scotland to be held on skis.
Hong Kong regulators have fined Royal Bank of Scotland Hong Kong   Â£1.2bn (US$1.3bn) for its role in rigging benchmark interest rates.
The Baftas are in full swing, and the stars of La La Land, Spider-Man, Lion, Meryl Streep, Viola Davis, Tom Holland and Casey Affleck were among the winners at this year's ceremony.
It has been an extraordinary season for Andy Murray, but it is fair to say it has not been without controversy.
Two men have been arrested by South African police investigating the murder of a rapper who was shot dead in the city of Johannesburg on Sunday night.
A shot has been fired near a primary school in a "targeted" gun attack in the early hours of Saturday.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to win the heptathlon at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Austria.
More than 100 staff at Manor Racing have been told they will be made redundant after the team collapsed into administration.
More than 200 candidates have announced they will be standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
We asked you to send in questions about the recent fall in the pound and rise of the FTSE 100.
A teenager from New Zealand has been crowned the winner of the UK's only alternative model of the year.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition against plans to move a statue of a Royal Marine commemorating the Falklands War.
A man has appeared in court in connection with an alleged breach of a terror control order, the BBC has learned.
Sussex have appointed former fast bowler Paul Anyon as their new women's head coach.
League One side Bury have signed former Bury Town midfielder Josh Brown on a short-term deal until January 2017.
Fairytales are often criticised for being "old-fashioned" adaptations of the classic fairytales that tell the story of Cinderella in a more modern setting.
Last year's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev, with Ukraine's song, Jamala, winning the competition for the first time.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool, where The Beatles first played their first ever gig, is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
South Africa's government has proposed setting a minimum wage of 12,000 rand (US$1,200; Â£1,000) per hour as the country's new minimum wage.
The death of Ethiopia's long-time president, Meles Zenawi, who led the country to independence in 1991, has triggered an unprecedented political crisis in the Horn of Africa.
Azhar Ali made an unbeaten half-century for Pakistan in the second Test against Australia, which was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain.
Labour has won the Leith Walk by-election from the SNP and the Greens.
Russia has accused the US of being "irrational" for refusing to co-operate with air strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria.
Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans have signed for Scarlets Under-18s.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced new sanctions against Russia over its alleged interference in the US presidential election.
Labour is proposing to scrap university tuition fees in England, in its manifesto.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham Air Show crash.
The director of national intelligence has said he is willing to share details of his conversations with the president.
The White House has confirmed that the Obamas celebrated their wedding anniversary with a private dinner in New York.
A full list of road names and addresses in County Londonderry.
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges we face as a society.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has been cleared by the state of Alabama to release a new novel after an investigation into whether she consented to the release of the manuscript.
The US says it is suspending talks with Russia to try to broker a truce in Syria.
Sadiq Khan's surprise victory in the London mayoral election has made history as the first elected Muslim mayor of a major European city.
A new vicar has been appointed after a children's song was used to find a new parishioners' ideal candidate for the role.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for around 10 weeks after breaking his leg in Sunday's 2-1 win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss town of St Gallen has died, police say.
Police are appealing for information after a passenger plane made a near miss with a drone in the skies above Cornwall.
A seal that became tangled in netting on a beach in Aberdeenshire has been freed by animal rescuers.
An archive of letters and letters from some of the UK's most famous figures from the 20th Century has been revealed.
Mark Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Doggett admits she's "terrified" as she tells us what a busy day it has been.
Jonas Gutierrez says he feels "born again" after returning to Newcastle United's first team following cancer treatment.
Exeter City have reported a record profit for the financial year ending on 30 June 2015.
Paralympic gold medallist Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole while training in London.
Business optimism in Scotland remains positive, according to a survey by the Chambers of Commerce.
A Lord Justice Pitchford inquiry into claims undercover police officers in England and Wales spied on the families of missing children has opened.
Defending champions New Zealand survived a late South Africa fightback to set up a World Cup semi-final against Australia or Argentina.
Work is under way to improve the structural integrity of a 19th Century obelisk that has been repeatedly struck by lightning.
Inditex, the owner of chains including Zara, Massimo Dutti and Bershka, has reported a sharp rise in sales.
Pop star Lady Gaga has revealed details of her preparations for Sunday's Super Bowl half-time show in Houston, Texas.
A woman who was sexually abused by a gang of men in Rochdale has said they are still targeting vulnerable girls in the town.
A high street department store in Belfast city centre has been forced to close after it was flooded by heavy rain.
The US telecoms regulator has been targeted by an apparent bot campaign to post comments against its plans to scrap net neutrality rules.
Sale director of rugby Jim Cotton says the club need to rebuild its infrastructure if they are to attract new fans to the club's new stadium.
Disney's live-action film Moana has topped the US box office at the Thanksgiving weekend, despite a row over its depiction of Polynesian culture.
Britain's Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Wuhan Open in China with a straight-set win over American qualifier Lauren Davis.
Two men have been stabbed in the neck and face in an attack in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Scientists in Guinea believe they have identified the species of bat that carried the deadly Ebola virus that killed seven-year-old Emile Boniface.
Former world champion Stuart Bingham says he will wait to see if his wife gives birth before deciding whether he will be able to play at this year's UK Championship.
Work to dismantle part of the derelict pier that collapsed in Carmarthenshire has been approved by councillors.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the University of Oxford's plans to build new housing blocks on the edge of a nature reserve.
More than 1,000 parents have signed a letter warning their children's school could be forced to make "unthinkable" cuts due to a lack of funding.
More than 1.3 million people in Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo could be forced to leave their homes to make way for new national parks, a report suggests.
Police investigating the discovery of human remains at a slip road in Shropshire have said they are in the "very early stages" of an investigation.
Colombia's Julio Cesar Martinez lost to Kazakhstan's Ruslan Dusmatov in the Olympic men's bantamweight final in Rio.
Universities in England and Wales are set to go on strike on Wednesday in a row over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate a council's plan to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Shonan Belles.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the death of a militant commander.
The result of the EU referendum is likely to have implications for the world's central banks.
Sale Sharks prop Luke Easter has announced his retirement from rugby to take up a teaching position at Wrekin College.
Relatives of patients who died at a psychiatric ward at the centre of the Tawel Fan scandal have said they were told their deaths may have been a contributory factor in their deaths.
A County Armagh man has been jailed for the attempted murder after attacking two men in the street in what was described as "gratuitous violence".
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended by the United States Women's Soccer team after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol.
A lawyer at a law firm has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with intent to supply the drug.
Police officers in Scotland are to be trained to use Tasers to deal with suspects who pose a threat to the public.
A Scottish engineering firm is set to create 80 new jobs after securing a loan and equity backing from UK Steel Scotland (UKSE).
One of the Brazilian footballers injured in the plane crash in Colombia on Monday has made a "good recovery", doctors say.
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has said Highways England's plans to turn Stonehenge into a "high-class Disneyland experience" are "old-fashioned".
Everton continued their impressive start to their Europa League campaign with a comfortable 4-1 win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United midfielder Paul Bishop has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with the League Two club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner who was stabbed to death in south London.
Prostate cancer is one of the world's leading causes of cancer death in men.
Wasps moved nine points clear at the top of the Premiership thanks to Christian Wade's hat-trick against bottom side Worcester.
A French woman killed in the attack on Tunisia's Bardo museum on Saturday has been named by the French government.
Satellite images show how Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed Mosul airport as part of their campaign to drive back Iraqi government forces from the city.
The main rail route between London Paddington and Reading will be closed over Easter to allow work to be completed on the Crossrail project.
An oil and gas company has been granted a permit by Natural Resources Wales to test the feasibility of drilling for shale gas on Anglesey.
Online retail giant Amazon has set up branches in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy as part of efforts to reduce its tax bills.
Junior doctors will go on strike on Monday in a dispute with the NHS over a new contract, the head of the profession has said.
Everton have extended the loan deal for Oxford United midfielder Ryan Kenny until January 2017.
Two Dorset colleges have been awarded grants totalling £1.5m to help fund improvements to their buildings.
The family of footballer Jeff Astle are to meet the Football Association's chairman to discuss the risks of heading footballs.
When Robert Kuhn puts the word "billionaire" in front of the number $50m, he is not the first person to mention it.
Sale Sharks have extended the contracts of teenage back rowers Tom and Ben Williams for the rest of the season.
Police are appealing for information after a man was struck by a car in Edinburgh city centre.
The US has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a regional conference to discuss the status of Israel's nuclear programme.
A moratorium on fracking for shale gas in Wales remains in place, despite the UK government's support for the practice, the Welsh Government has said.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title reign has been a roller-coaster ride.
England head coach Eddie Jones will name his first squad for the autumn internationals on Friday after his side's 3-0 series win over Australia.
More than 100 paintings by a World War One veteran are on display in North Tyneside for the first time since his death in 1936.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football was "not a surprise", according to former manager Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued by the RSPCA after getting its head and wings stuck in a fence in County Down.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a Christmas Day walkout in a row over plans to close up to 61 branches and privatise pensions.
The Ulster Unionist leadership candidate has said he has no regrets about saying he would rather go in with the SDLP than Sinn FÃ©in.
More than 1,000 illegal drugs have been seized during a series of raids in County Kildare.
The DUP's Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland following the UK's exit from the EU.
Morecambe boss Jim Bentley has urged his players to keep their "sticks on the ground" as the League Two leaders move to the top of the table.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar's response to a list of demands from four Arab states has not been "reasonable and actionable".
Former UKIP policy chief Diane Evans has said she has given up hope of standing in the party's leadership contest.
An Uber taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, on suspicion of raping a woman who had used the taxi service to pick her up for a night out.
As the final whistle of Wales' Euro 2016 semi-final with Portugal echoed around the Stade de France, it was clear that the Welsh people were still cheering their team on.
Renfrewshire's Ferguslie Park area has been ranked as the most deprived in Scotland, according to official figures.
Great Britain's Liam Cassells and Jack Scrimgeour have qualified for Saturday's lightweight pairs final at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Raith Rovers have completed the signing of midfielder Scott Johnston from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat struggling Swansea City and increase the pressure on manager Francesco Guidolin.
The news that Sam Chalmers has tested positive for a steroid favoured by the likes of Ben Johnson and Ben Stanozolol has taken the sport back into the headlines.
Radiohead will headline this year's TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow on Saturday and Sunday.
The White House has urged North Korea to refrain from "irresponsible provocations" after Pyongyang confirmed it had restarted its nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was last seen alive in 1990, police have said.
It was a question you would expect to hear on any sports presenter's radio show.
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce starred as Ireland warmed up for their World Twenty20 qualifier against Scotland with an eight-wicket win over Zimbabwe.
A hospital where a patient died after being mistakenly given a pill by an agency nurse has been placed back in special measures.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in the Olympic men's team pursuit quarter-finals after a successful opening day at Rio 2016.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced an additional £200m to be spent on emergency care in the health service.
The Winklevosses, the US twins at the centre of a long-running legal dispute with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, have filed a new lawsuit against the social network.
A teenager has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Pincher was one of Britain's best-known investigative journalists, who broke many of the most important stories of the Cold War.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of striker Ryan Stewart from Dundee United for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier who was arrested as part of an investigation into alleged corrupt payments to public officials has been cleared by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
Inspectors have found "significant concerns" over the quality of care being provided to residents at two care homes in Glasgow.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was found in a car in north London.
About 10,000 homes and businesses in Lancashire were left without power after a substation in the city went offline.
A High Court judge has ruled that the government's refusal to accept a planning refusal for a housing development on the site of a former racecourse was "unlawful".
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have called for compensation after a series of problems with the troubled Cowes to Mallorca chain ferry.
French Ligue 1 side Lille have completed the signing of Tunisian midfielder Abdelhak Sliti from French side Sedan.
British astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth from his base on the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
An Italian plane has landed safely at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after it lost contact with air traffic control.
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences have been granted more time to question them, police have said.
The Euro 2016 finals get under way in France on Saturday, with hosts nation France hosting the tournament for the first time since 1998.
Great Britain will take on Greece in their final warm-up game before EuroBasket 2017 at London's Copper Box on Saturday.
Australia set up a World Cup quarter-final against Scotland with a hard-fought win over Wales at Twickenham.
Scotland scrum-half Josh Strauss says the Six Nations is an opportunity for the players to give outgoing head coach Vern Cotter a send-off.
Retired General David Petraeus, the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency, has told the BBC he believes the Islamic State (IS) militant group will be defeated in "a matter of weeks or less".
More than 1,000 people in Edinburgh have been contacted by the council after their email addresses were accessed in a "malicious cyber attack".
Rebels in Syria say they have begun a new offensive against government forces in response to recent violations of a seven-week truce.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it will start showing advertising on its photos and videos.
Award-winning actor and singer-songwriter James Hall is to perform at this year's Mercury Music Prize ceremony, which will be held in tribute to David Bowie.
A retired detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in 1986.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has backed calls for a more flexible approach to Brexit following the general election result.
Relatives of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have met the home secretary for the first time since the inquests.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online could be prosecuted, including images of children in a relationship, under new changes to the law.
When Faizan woke up on Sunday morning, his mother, Zarifa, took him to his grandmother's house in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A woman has died following a crash involving a car and a lorry in Gwynedd.
Four companies have been shortlisted to bid for the contract to run a new rail franchise in Wales for the first time.
Veteran BBC Radio Scotland presenter Robbie Williams is stepping down from the airwaves for the final time.
Preston manager Chris Coleman has accused the Football League of'shifting the rules' to give Carlisle United an unfair advantage in their search for a permanent home.
Two Manchester United fans who cut themselves off from the rest of the crowd at Old Trafford have been found by security staff and handed over to police.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat League One side Preston 3-2 on penalties in the EFL Cup second round.
A shop worker who was offered £100 to a cat charity shop and offered to donate £50 to a dog charity shop after his tools were stolen has said he is "just glad no-one has been left out of pocket".
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" to miss the Commonwealth Games in April.
Southend United will try to play Nile Ranger behind closed doors during the pre-season to give him time to prepare for the start of the new season.
Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has paid tribute to Sir Terry Wogan, calling him "one of the greatest broadcasters of our age".
Scotland's political leaders have called for assurances from the UK government that work on new warships being built at Govan and Scotstoun shipyards will be completed on time.
Leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been repeatedly attacked by rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in their final TV debate before next week's primaries.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time since the controversial new voting system was introduced.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a popular seaside resort following the deaths of five men who drowned last August.
Partick Thistle captain Ibrahim Osman says the players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill.
Ten Canadians arrested in Canada on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria to join Islamic State (IS) militants have been released without charge, police say.
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Ryan Dixon on loan until January 2017.
The NHS in England needs to save £500m a year by reducing the number of foreign nationals visiting the country, such as asylum seekers and expats, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils thanks to a 4-1 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
One of Britain's most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is preparing to make its return to the rail network.
A man who claims he was sexually abused at an East Yorkshire boys' school has been awarded compensation by a High Court judge.
Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office.
Olympic silver medallist Jess Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after breaking her spine in a crash at the Track Cycling World Cup in Rotterdam.
The gap between men and women's life expectancies is starting to narrow, a study suggests.
A police chief resigned from his post to appear on BBC's Question Time to discuss the Manchester Arena attack.
"China's debt-fueled expansion was never likely to be sustainable," said Stephen King.
A university professor has claimed Thames Water will get a higher rate of return on its investment in the Thames Tunnel project than it is paying customers for the cost of the project.
The developer of Swansea Bay's tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures about the impact of the scheme on fish.
Scotland forward Josh Strauss has signed for Premiership side Sale Sharks on a two-year deal after leaving Glasgow Warriors.
An investigation is under way after a China Eastern Airlines plane made an emergency landing in Australia with a gaping hole in one of its engines.
The family of a woman who was refused permission to stay in the UK because of her husband's low income have said they are "hopeful justice will be done".
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Former Czech Republic coach Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight in the Czech Republic would benefit the country's young players.
The president of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Joseph Kabila, has appointed his deputy, Felix Tshibala, as interim leader of the main opposition party.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner to give Wycombe a 1-0 win over Exeter in League Two.
Media workers at Australia's Fairfax Media have gone on strike in protest at plans to cut jobs and scale back the use of freelancers.
Jockey Richard Hannon has compared Richard Marquand to Ryan Moore, who was champion jockey in 2006, 2008 and 2009.
The leaders of Colombia's largest rebel group, the Farc, and the government have agreed to resume peace talks after the release of a general kidnapped by the group.
Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association.
The behaviour of octopuses may be a sign of aggression, according to a new study.
British number one Laura Robson has been added to the list of British players who will play at this year's Aegon Championships in Nottingham.
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo says it will not exhum the bodies of all the bodies found in a field in the capital, Kinshasa, to see if any of them are missing.
Everton are set to appoint Southampton boss Ronald Koeman as their new manager, BBC Sport understands.
The thing about the government's approach to housing policy is that it often sounds like it's going the opposite way to what it actually aims to achieve.
At least 11 people have been killed in an attack by Kurdish PKK militants in northern Turkey, the Turkish military says.
Police searching for a missing teenager have found a body in woods in Aberdeenshire.
Barcelona's Luis Suarez is the world's most valuable player of all time, according to a study from the CIES Football Observatory.
Swedish pilot Peter Borschberg, who is attempting to become the first person to fly a solar-powered aeroplane around the world, has begun the latest leg of the Solar Impulse mission.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) and a former colleague have settled their claims of unfair dismissal.
US actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as grandfather Richard Gilmore in hit US sitcom Gilmore Girls, has died aged 69.
Captain Gareth McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-0 win over Ukraine in their Euro 2016 Group C opener was a "special moment" to prove their doubters wrong.
The High Court has rejected a legal challenge to the UK government's decision to trigger the formal process for leaving the European Union.
The daughter of Tracey and Pierce Wilkinson, who were stabbed to death at their home in the Black Country, has paid tribute to the people who saved their lives.
A chronology of key events involving US citizens who have been sentenced in North Korea:
South Korea's education minister has expressed "deep regret" after students said they were given the wrong answers to two questions in the country's high school entrance exam.
Gloucester All Golds have confirmed they have held talks with the owners of Gloucester City Football Club about building their own ground.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to isolate and ostracise his family.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will take part in this year's Tour of Britain.
A former chief executive of a hospital charity has admitted fraud and money laundering charges.
A woman from the lower-caste Dalit community in the western Indian state of Karnataka has said she was beaten up by a group of women from her own family.
Turkey has accused the US of putting it on a "terrorist par with a terrorist organisation" over its campaign against Kurdish forces in northern Syria.
Mae gwadu honiadau gael ei gyd-esgobion yng Nghymru wedi clywed bod cefnogaeth yn Llandaf yn cael ei safiad JJ ar fater perthynas un rhyw a'i sefyllfa.
Toshiba is in talks with banks to secure emergency loans to help fund its restructuring, according to reports.
England will have to "pull their fingers out" to beat Pakistan and level the three-match Test series, says James Anderson.
Warren Gatland says England head coach Eddie Jones was right up front about which players would be selected for New Zealand's tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed former MK Dons and Northern Ireland midfielder Ryan Hodson on a short-term deal.
A relic of the Highland Clearance times has been returned to Inverness after it was discovered in a churchyard in Sutherland.
A drug addict who stabbed an elderly man to death after a row over money for sex has been jailed for six years at Belfast Crown Court.
The amount of guns and ammunition being sold on the dark net is a "cause for concern" for law enforcement, according to a new report.
Comedian Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A British man who was featured on US TV programme The View TV programme has been granted a visa to return to the US to have free skin-removal surgery.
A new class of drugs may be able to "hit prostate cancer harder" than existing treatments, according to scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in Edinburgh.
European football's governing body Uefa and the European Professional Football Leagues (EPFL) have agreed a new agreement to allow domestic fixtures to be played on the same night as Champions League games.
Teachers in England's schools are being urged to talk to parents about the dangers of female genital mutilation (FGM) and scrutinise their children's holiday plans.
Police are appealing for information after a teenager was raped in a park in Kirkcaldy in Perthshire.
Swansea City need to appoint a manager who can keep them in the Premier League if they are relegated to the Championship, says club legend Alan Curtis.
More than 200,000 students in Wales have started repaying their student loans in 2017-18.
Italian police have arrested a man suspected of pretending to be a pilot in the cockpit of a Lufthansa plane, in a case with echoes of Hollywood film Catch Me If You Can.
Tougher rules should be put in place to make it easier for people from the Indian sub-continent to settle in the UK, PM David Cameron has said.
The number of children in working families in Wales living in poverty has increased, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers who regularly travel between places of work should be paid for the time they spend travelling between them.
Pupils in Guinea have returned to school after Ebola-hit schools were reopened following the end of the deadly virus outbreak.
(Close): The FTSE 100 has closed lower for a ninth session in a row as global stock markets continue to fall.
The family of a County Tyrone teenager murdered by a "thoroughly evil" serial killer have said they are "angry and fearful" about his possible release from prison.
Former Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of failing to stop a Chechen leader who posted a video showing him being shot dead by a sniper.
Louis van Gaal joked that if Arsenal had scored in the first 20 minutes of his side's 2-1 win at Emirates Stadium on Saturday he would probably be having to answer questions about why he picked three centre-backs.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has raised $3.5m (Â£2.6m) through a US crowdfunding scheme to help fund its expansion plans.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to settle a dispute over plans to scrap the final salary pension scheme.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of single-serve coffee pods used to brew K-cups, is being bought by a group of investors for $7.3bn (Â£5.6bn) in cash.
A university has apologised after producing a poster mocking Jennifer Lawrence in the wake of photos of her private photos being leaked online.
A man who was stabbed to death in north London has been named by police.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter has defended the club's lack of international call-ups.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after equalling the club's record of 33 Premiership wins in a season.
The University of Londonderry has confirmed that the remaining unfinished rooms at its new student accommodation complex will not be ready to let to students.
A council has said it is "sorry to disappoint people" after it was unable to use the characters from a popular children's cartoon at a Christmas lights switch on.
Aston Villa have appointed former Brighton & Hove Albion assistant boss Colin Calderwood as their new first-team coach.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says being dropped for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand will give him extra motivation to bounce back from his Six Nations disappointment.
England's performance in the Six Nations win over Scotland was exactly what they wanted to see.
Great Britain's hopes of a medal in the men's 3,000m steeplechase at the World Championships in London ended in disappointment after a baton change in the final.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital following a crash between a car and a bus in Fife.
A man has been killed in a crash involving a forklift truck in South Ayrshire.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams says her trainer Virgil Hunter is capable of helping her follow in the footsteps of Olympic gold medallist Andre Ward.
A nuclear deal between Iran and the major world powers over its nuclear programme could prove to be the most important moment since the fall of the shah of Iran in 1979.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Martin Drumm has been granted bail in the Republic of Ireland after being extradited from the US.
Lala Njava is an award-winning Malagasy singer, songwriter and producer.
The people of Rakhine State in Myanmar may not have much to celebrate.
When I first met Ivan Lendl for the first time since Wimbledon last September, it felt a bit strange.
The 16 and 17-year-olds who voted in the Scottish referendum have told Newsbeat they think it has taught them a lot about politics.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has confirmed that he will not be retaining Nico Rosberg as team-mate for 2017.
Smoking may increase the risk of developing schizophrenia, a study suggests.
Four people, including two children, have been rescued from a beach in Weston-super-Mare after getting into difficulty due to rising tides.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Carey, has said it would not be "anti-Christian" to allow terminally ill people to take their own lives.
Former Leicester City striker Gary Lineker says the sacking of manager Claudio Ranieri was a "wrong decision for football and for my club".
Rescuers in Bangladesh are using bare hands to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital, Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed goalkeeper Harry Lewis from Southampton for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time in the club's history at Hampden.
The public inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko, who was poisoned by radioactive polonium 210 in 2006, is due to begin its first public hearing on Wednesday.
A health board has been fined £1,000 after it was found to be in breach of financial rules over a charity's fundraising campaign to raise awareness of organ donation law changes.
An elderly woman has been treated in hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man who claimed to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has denied murdering his wife and son.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at some of the key events in Africa in 2017.
A farmer who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been ordered to demolish it by a court.
The first trams have started running on Nottingham's new light rail service after delays of more than three years.
Three vans belonging to DIY SOS team members have been broken into to steal tools and tools for a house extension project.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for the year to the end of December 2015 as the price of oil continued to fall.
EE is the best mobile network in the UK in terms of reliability and speed, according to the results of a major study.
A homeless man who used a roller bike to find his way home from a night out in Dumfries has been given a driving ban.
Residents of Vila Uniao, one of Rio de Janeiro's most ethnically diverse neighbourhoods, have managed to save it from demolition.
The UK's nuclear safety watchdog has raised a limit on the amount of graphite that can be lost inside a nuclear reactor at Dungeness B.
The US hunter who killed a famous lion in Zimbabwe has been arrested and charged with murder.
A Scottish distillery is to mark the 200th anniversary of its Lagavulin Scotch whisky in a bid to raise funds for the island of Islay.
David Hockney's former partner has told an inquest into the death of a man who died after jumping head first from a balcony at the artist's former guesthouse.
Chierika Ukogu may not have won a medal at the Olympics, but the rapper Snoop Dogg thinks she has.
A plane en route from Edinburgh to Chicago has made an emergency landing at the Scottish capital's airport.
The Great Manchester Run, the Europa League final and the Great City Games are among this week's major sporting events in the wake of the suicide bomb attack in the city.
More than £8.3bn has been spent by the government to convert all schools in England to become academies, according to a report.
Russell Knox greeted me warmly when I met him at Inverness Country Club.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes has said she is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over the delay in releasing CCTV footage of her daughter's last day alive.
Police in Brazil are questioning International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach as part of an investigation into illegal Olympic ticketing.
Joyce Banda, the first female president of Malawi, has been sworn in at a ceremony in the capital, Blantyre.
Promotion-chasing Forest Green Rovers and Lincoln City have been drawn at home in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Australia's New South Wales state have been returned to their enclosure.
The UK's intelligence services are being held back by a layer of male, middle managers who have a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".
The Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslims has condemned the "barbaric atrocity" of the Westminster terror attack.
Singer-songwriter Charlotte Church has announced the birth of a baby girl.
A man who killed two people in a head-on crash while being pursued by police has been jailed for 15 years.
A County Armagh woman who lived as a man for years has spoken for the first time since undergoing gender reassignment surgery.
Astronomers have discovered a new planet that's very similar to our own Jupiter.
Peace campaigners have set up camp in preparation for the Nato's summit of world leaders in Newport.
A man has been arrested after Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was allegedly hacked and private photographs of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge allegedly offered to a newspaper.
Poland's ambassador to the UK has called on all Polish nationals who fall victim to "xenophobic abuse" to report it.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets flanker Rob McCusker as cover for injured flanker Sam Underhill.
Masked gunmen in Paris have seized 250,000 euros (Â£200,000) in cash and documents from a private motorcade.
When you hear the words 'women in a man's world' you might be forgiven for thinking the phrase is a bit cliche.
More than 1,000 people were left stranded in Shetland on Saturday after communications were cut off between Orkney and the mainland.
A Jersey school has cancelled its school prom after staff raised concerns about the "significant focus and distraction" caused by the event.
Mohamed is one of the desperate migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea to Europe.
Former Leyton Orient boss Gary Porter has left his role with the League Two club by mutual consent.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted that she slept through President Obama's State of the Union speech in January.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has resigned, saying he has "left nothing in the tank" after nine years in office.
Labour has accused the Conservative Party of "perpetrating abuse on an "industrial scale" against Labour MPs on social media.
Police investigating an attempted kidnap have appealed for information about a taxi driver who may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby.
A food truck that trains ex-offenders to work in the catering industry is set to expand after receiving a grant from the Scottish government.
A man convicted of raping a woman in Aberdeenshire has been put on a most-wanted list of UK suspects who are thought to be in the Netherlands.
Police in Dallas, Texas, say they have stepped up security at the city's headquarters after receiving a threat against the force.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook and groomed him to rape and sexually abuse him has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Williams has arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) in Kazakhstan, Kazakhstan.
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her taking part in future protests against tree felling in Sheffield.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have backed team boss Sir Dave Brailsford in his fight to stay in charge of British Cycling.
Snap, the parent company of Snapchat, has confirmed that it is developing a pair of sunglasses that can record video in real-time.
Guinea-Bissau's footballers have been paid their bonuses for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations, the country's government has announced.
David Cameron has said he "strongly supports" plans to expand grammar schools in Kent to include a satellite campus in Sevenoaks.
Watford's unbeaten start to the Championship season came to an end as Bristol City came from behind to win 3-2 at Vicarage Road.
Two wings at a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" by inmates who caused "significant damage" to the building, prison officers have said.
England batsman Joe Root says he owes much of his success to the influence of coach Peter Moores, who was sacked by the England and Wales Cricket Board.
Morecambe boss Grant McCann has urged his players to "stand up like men" after their 2-0 League One win over Peterborough United.
A public inquiry is under way into plans to build 600 new homes on the site of a former quarry in Kent.
A rail line has been closed to allow engineers to carry out emergency repairs after a section of track collapsed.
An Asian detective who claimed he saw a stuffed monkey on a black colleague's desk was being racist has been awarded compensation from Scotland Yard.
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said journalists should be killed if they make defamatory remarks, in comments condemned by rights groups.
A surfer who was killed by a shark in Western Australia has been named by police.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off Anglesey.
Botswana is one of the most prosperous countries in southern Africa.
A toddler who died from a combination of septicaemia, infection, blunt chest trauma and old head injuries had been beaten to death by her mother, a court has heard.
Middlesbrough manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat 10-man St Johnstone and keep alive their slim Premiership survival hopes.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a woman whose texts to her boyfriend revealed she feared for her life.
Three men who gave a man the "kiss-of-life" after he was trapped in the back of a car in a dyke have said they are "thankful" they were able to save his life.
Met Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has announced plans to recruit 1,500 extra armed officers to patrol the capital's streets.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a law that will change the country's electoral system.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in banking and telecom stocks, but Chipotle shares fell after the burrito chain said sales had not recovered as well as expected.
A drug driver who killed a two-year-old boy in a head-on crash has been jailed for three years.
Paralympic champions Jamie Peacock, Sophie Cockroft, Hannah Cox and Hannah Whitehead have been named in Britain's team for the World Para-athletics Championships in London in July.
The father of a woman allegedly raped by a gang of men in northern Afghanistan has threatened to commit suicide unless they are put on trial, the BBC has learned.
A man who barricaded himself inside his girlfriend's house after breaking through the roof has been given a community sentence.
Warwickshire's batsman Jonathan Trott made his first first-class century of the season to help his side fight back against Somerset at Taunton.
Mickey Demetriou's free-kick was enough to give Newport County manager Mike Flynn his first win since taking charge as they beat Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England maintained their winning start to their Under-20 World Cup qualifying campaign with a 4-1 win over Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a "snob" house on Twitter in the wake of the Rochester and Strood by-election result.
The former lead singer of The Carpenters, Richard Carpenter, has filed a legal claim against the record label that owns the rights to the band's music for digital downloads.
Scottish companies are visiting Myanmar as part of a trade mission to explore opportunities in the country's oil and gas sector.
At Parc Cadeau, a makeshift church built on a dusty ranch in the northern part of the Dominican Republic, hundreds of returning Haitians are celebrating Mass every week.
A new housing development in Surrey is to be built to provide extra nursery and nursery places for children with special educational needs.
Portsmouth have given a short-term contract to Dominic Linganzi.
Ulster pair Scott Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to return from injury for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
National park wardens in the Brecon Beacons have voted in favour of a bid to block plans to convert a pub into a supermarket.
Airdrieonians twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw against Queen of the South in Scottish League Two.
Australia's opposition has called on Prime Minister Tony Abbott to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East.
More than 30 scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to reconsider plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A four-year-old girl has been banned from wearing a headscarf at her school.
A pensioner has been found guilty of fraudulently claiming £39,000 in benefits to support his estranged wife.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a great-grandfather who was stabbed to death in a road crash in West Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.4% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
After the success of our team at the Women's World Cup in Canada, I am looking forward to our return to England on Saturday.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been accused of being "ageist" over Neil Hamilton's return to frontline politics after a 20-year absence from the Welsh assembly.
Jose Mourinho says Chelsea prepared for their win over Manchester United to be like the "game they wanted and expected".
The voices of older people are being sought as part of a review into the quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales.
S4C has appointed Neil Evans as its new chief executive.
Mae'r wlad wedi dweud pleidleisio'r etholiad cyffredinol gyda'r Undeb Ewropeaidd yn dilyn pleidlais Brexit.
Researchers at Oxford University are launching a project to test for the existence of alleged remains of mythical "yetis" in the Himalayas and other parts of the world.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho's failed drugs test was the result of an "inadequate" investigation by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada), Uefa has said.
The UK government should set up a new regulator to oversee the development of new genetically modified (GM) crops, leading scientists say.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as "utterly mistaken and unacceptable" comments by the deputy chief of staff of the armed forces.
Plans to cut funding to Welsh language broadcaster S4C are being reconsidered, the culture secretary has said.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect major disruption to services between Edinburgh and Glasgow as a major engineering project gets under way.
Liverpool owner Fawaz Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club have been sold to a US-based consortium.
This year's GCSE results show a small rise in the proportion of top A* and A grades.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged countries to take urgent action to deal with the risks facing the global economy.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in Fox News' first Republican presidential debate, the network has announced.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan of England back-row Ellis Genge from Bristol until January 2017.
Up to 1,000 jobs at the DVLA in Swansea could be cut with the introduction of a direct debit system for car tax refunds, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of artificial pitches at New Road is working to improve the county's batting performances.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next door to Facebook HQ?
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have completed the signing of goalkeeper Scott Brown from League Two side Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
Three men have been jailed for the manslaughter and murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Slough.
I spent a half hour in Olympic Park on Sunday night trying to make sense of it all.
Sykes-Picot, the map of the Middle East drawn by British and French colonialists in 1916, is under threat once more.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he wants to return to Manchester City when his contract with the club expires at the end of the season.
Premier League and Championship clubs have more than doubled their spending on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, figures show.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper Scott Gilmartin and ex-Plymouth Argyle keeper Paul Brill.
"Most of the bad stuff on the internet has nothing to do with Tor, most of it is due to criminals doing bad things," says John Dingledine.
A couple who were found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed by their husband and wife, an inquest has heard.
In the aftermath of the 5-1 defeat by Malta, Gordon Strachan spoke of a "crisis" he had felt at half-time.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with a 2-1 win at home to Coventry.
Australia says 46 Vietnamese refugees have been returned to Vietnam after their boat was scuttled off the country's northern coast.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with a dominant victory in the Spanish Grand Prix.
Reigning world champion Helen Glover says she is ready to defend her Olympic gold medal with partner Polly Swann after missing out on a place in Great Britain's team for this year's Games in Amsterdam.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of weakening the coalition government's commitment to fairness and civil liberties.
China's industrial production rose at a weaker-than-expected rate in April, according to the latest official figures.
The success of Microsoft's Kinect system, which turns a player's body into a games controller, has been hailed as proof that the company's research and development (R&D) strategy is paying off.
Following the results of the general election in Wales, BBC Wales political correspondent Jac Larner looks at the night's results.
National League side Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Ntumba Tibola and Mansfield Town striker Ryan Bingham on loan until January.
Voting has begun in the general election in all 15 constituencies in Merseyside.
A billboard asking people to pray for a schoolboy who has been diagnosed with cancer has appeared in County Down.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of London to take part in Pride London, with organisers calling for people to "be themselves, live without filter".
Hundreds of jobs could be lost at a helicopter manufacturer in Somerset after the Italian aerospace firm Leonardo said it plans to take production out of the town.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping and assaulting a woman after she told him she was seeing someone else.
Nato documents have revealed details of how the UK claimed the remote island of Rockall in the Outer Hebrides in 1955.
The former drummer with The Beatles has been recognised for his "outstanding contributions to the cultural life of Liverpool".
National League side Alfreton Town have signed centre-back Ryan Mooney on loan from National League side York City until January.
Ministers are taking steps to boost the use of biomass to meet their target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 80% by 2050.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the government's ability to balance the books after the election.
Sophie Raworth is to join the line-up of the new series of BBC One's flagship investigative programme, Watchdog.
The head of the Liberia Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take Fifa's head of elections to the Court of Arbitration for Sport over claims he has a conflict of interest ahead of the 26 February vote.
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl who was found dead in her parents' house in south-west London.
Spending by the BBC generated a boost to the economy across the UK in the two years to June 2015, according to the corporation.
World champion Ding Junhui made it through to the World Championship semi-finals with a 10-2 victory over world number one Mark Williams.
The US has lifted restrictions on its security assistance to Bahrain, saying the country has made "meaningful progress" on human rights.
A ticket for The Beatles' last ever appearance in the UK is being auctioned for £4,000.
The government has been accused of failing to provide adequate support for young people leaving care in England.
Rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" should be "actively disengaged" from, a teachers' union has said.
A body has been found by police searching for a missing Denbighshire man.
Benedict Cumberbatch's attack on David Oyelowo for calling him "coloured" is "ridiculous", the British actor has said.
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their freedoms unlawfully, the Law Commission for England and Wales has said.
Margaret Thatcher's time in Downing Street was one of the most influential prime ministers in British history.
BP and GDF Suez have announced the discovery of oil and gas off Shetland in the North Sea.
Red Bull say they are no longer interested in a possible engine deal with Mercedes after their partnership with Renault broke down.
More than 1,000 passengers have been allowed to leave a fire-ravaged cruise ship after it docked in the US Gulf of Mexico following a fire on Wednesday.
Harlequins' European Challenge Cup quarter-final hopes were boosted by a bonus-point win over London Irish at Twickenham.
Guernsey's planning department has asked the public to suggest areas of the island which could be suitable for development as housing developments.
A village in Kingussie is to host a special screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire to mark the release of the film's soundtrack.
Marcus Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries to rescue Somerset's faint hopes of a draw against Middlesex at Taunton.
A government-commissioned report has found evidence of a "co-ordinated, deliberate and sustained action to introduce an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" into some Birmingham schools, a leaked report says.
Venezuela's opposition-led parliament has been left in the dark after the lights went out during a debate on a new energy law.
When her son's eye doctor asked her to give a thank-you note to the medical staff at a provincial hospital in Vietnam's central province of Hanoi, she knew she would need to spend more than two months of her income to cover the cost.
Argentina says it will seek the extradition of three British oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands.
Two of England's most capped rugby union players were "big lads" who caused "a lot of problems" for their local club, their former chairman has said.
The world's oldest human being has died aged 112, Italian officials have announced.
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens.
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of the Super League table thanks to a hard-fought win at St Helens.
A boxer who was banned from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past has said she would "never go back to Team Wales after this".
Maria Sharapova's return from a 15-month doping ban ended with victory at the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart.
World number one Novak Djokovic continued his impressive form with a straight-set win over Japan's Mischa Zverev to win the Japan Open.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has confirmed his desire to strengthen his squad by bringing in another striker to compete with the likes of Botti Bia-Bi.
French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have called on the European Union to be "simple, clear and straightforward" in their response to voters' rejection of the EU.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over his pledge to cut immigration.
The renewal of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system is in the "national interest", Theresa May has said.
The government has announced a scheme to encourage councils in England to reintroduce weekly bin collections in a bid to ease the burden on families.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered evidence that suggests ancient people in the Amazon may still be using the rainforest as a "prehistoric supermarket".
Catalans Dragons maintained their perfect start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Hull FC at St James' Park.
Actor Sir Christopher Lee, best known for his roles in Lord Of The Rings, Lord of the Rings and Star Wars prequels, has released a new album of original songs.
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer following their relegation from the Premier League.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says his side must learn lessons from their "difficult" season if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Labour's Mark Williams has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for the Cumbria force.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at Scotland's oldest private restaurant while on a visit to the south of Scotland.
Stephen Paul Copoc was a farmer's son from Garston, who travelled by car with friends, who all survived.
A US marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for the murder of a transgender woman who was found dead in a hotel toilet.
Former British number one Jamie Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing should be banned from tennis.
The US military is considering whether to transfer Chelsea Manning, the US soldier convicted of passing classified documents to a civilian prison, the Pentagon says.
David Cameron is to address Conservative MPs later after Iain Duncan Smith resigned as work and pensions secretary, saying he was "deeply disappointed" by the government's approach to welfare policy.
Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the Wuhan Open in the second round by American qualifier Lauren Davis.
When it comes to getting older people to use technology to connect with their granddaughters, granddads and great-granddads, there are few better ways to do it than through social media.
Mercedes set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix as Ferrari dominated the final practice session at Spa-Francorchamps.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean.
Disney is one of the most powerful entertainment companies in the world.
The number of students who have been placed on to university courses through the A-level clearing system was at its highest level so far this year.
The amount of phosphorus being used to fertilise grasslands around the world will have to more than double by the middle of the century.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said his government is looking into ways to curb the influx of foreign homebuyers.
The family of a three-year-old boy who underwent a liver transplant operation after a "very difficult" 12 months of waiting for a suitable donor.
A Cumbria woman has been given a suspended jail sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a teenager who died after raising money for a bone marrow donor appeal.
A former police officer who groomed and groomed a schoolgirl for sex has been jailed for six years.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors.
Police have issued a warning after a humpback whale was spotted in the Firth of Forth.
Defending Elite League champions Nottingham Panthers moved level on points with Elite League leaders Manchester Devils thanks to a 4-1 win over Manchester Devils.
Helen Williams, the first woman to be asked to resign as Miss America, has received an apology from the Miss America Organization.
Four former Royal Navy frigates have been put up for sale to a UK ship recycling company, the BBC has learned.
Ofgem has asked for more details about plans for an interconnector to carry electricity from the Western Isles to the mainland of Scotland.
A former Swedish foreign minister, Johan Gustafsson, has been released by Islamist militants in Mali.
Nate Grigg scored a hat-trick as Wigan maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with a comfortable win over bottom side Blackburn.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales are being kept out of school and away from their families because of high costs to the health system, according to research.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point against Preston North End at the City Ground.
The father of a man shot dead in Venezuela's capital, Caracas, has called on President Nicolás Maduro to defend his son, who was killed during anti-government protests.
Police investigating the murder of Jean McConville in 1972 are seeking to obtain recordings of interviews given to Boston College researchers.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in Ormskirk.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a turkey farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The UN's refugee agency has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to end forced repatriation of refugees fleeing the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency.
The family of a woman who drowned while on a school trip to a swimming pool in 2000 have won a High Court battle against the county council.
Middlesbrough midfielder Salomon Carayol says he is ready to make his international debut for the Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won a parliamentary election, the first since protests erupted in the capital, Bujumbura, in April.
Low interest rates are having a "devastating impact" on savers, according to a new report.
The Forth Bridge has been given Unesco World Heritage Site status for its "outstanding universal value" as one of the UK's "great engineering feats".
The SFA's decision not to sack manager Gordon Strachan following Scotland's 7-0 thrashing by England in the World Cup qualifier at Wembley has been widely reported.
Planting trees that soak up carbon dioxide from the Arabian desert could help curb climate change, according to a new study.
Voters in Scotland have been urged to back the SNP as campaigning for the Holyrood election came to a close.
The family of murdered Burkina Faso President Patrice Sankara has asked France to declassify military documents to see if France was involved in his assassination, his lawyer says.
At least 20 people are feared dead after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa.
Edinburgh is the UK city with the worst traffic jams in Europe, according to research.
A man who secretly filmed women and children doing cartwheels in a retail park in Falkirk has admitted voyeurism.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation after reports of a large-scale human trafficking operation.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players will face the "hardest punishment" if they are found guilty of violent conduct after they were sent off for allegedly punching and kicking Hamilton's Ryan Swanson.
British singer Sam Smith has been nominated for a record-breaking number of awards at the Grammy Awards.
Millions of Muslims around the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, which marks the end of Ramadan.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired.
A transgender woman who killed herself after being sent to a men's prison told her partner she wanted to move to a women's jail, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the financial year, according to new figures.
A group of children who were injured when a trailer they were travelling in overturned on a school trip to a farm have said they were "shocked" by the accident.
Andy Murray says Britain have a "very good chance" of winning the Davis Cup final in Belgium on Sunday, as the defending champions take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series.
Anthony Joshua says Saturday's world heavyweight title fight against Wladimir Klitschko will be the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum to commemorate the crucifixion of persecuted Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ruled that the media will not be allowed to use the name of the man accused of killing 12 people in a Colorado cinema shooting.
Bolivia's government says it will set up a fumigation ring to contain a deadly swarm of locusts that has spread through the country.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been made a knight in the New Year Honours list.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying campaign came to a disappointing end as they were beaten by England at Hampden.
The Antarctic emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with changing environmental conditions, according to a new study.
Two polar bears are being kept together at a Scottish wildlife park in an effort to breed cubs in a bid to boost their chances of survival.
Martin McGuinness will make his comeback at this year's Isle of Man TT after missing last year's event to compete in the Tour Divide mountain bike race.
Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to five years in prison for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in the waters around Belfast Harbour in County Antrim.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the arrest of a woman who was later found dead in her car.
Fleetwood held League One side Shrewsbury Town to a goalless FA Cup second-round draw in the EFL Cup second round.
Louis Walsh's "I love you" tweet to Harry Styles has become the most retweeted in US history.
A German court in Chile has convicted a German man of crimes against humanity for his role in running a commune where children were kept as sex slaves.
As MPs return to Westminster after the Easter recess, they are asked to make tributes to their predecessors.
If you ever wanted to be a real-life circus goer, there was only one place for you to be.
A community-run pub has been named the UK's Community Pub of the Year.
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations that children in the eastern state of Veracruz were given fake chemotherapy drugs.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) has detected the decay of particles that could be "superparticles".
Gloucester City manager Gary Hughes says the club's fans have abandoned them after they were forced to ground share with non-league Cheltenham Town.
Hundreds of mourners have paid tribute to an Army officer who died while taking part in the London Marathon on Sunday.
A teenager who thought he was going to die when he was raped and held at knifepoint by his drug dealer has said he will never forget the "terrifying" ordeal.
A US air strike against Islamic State militants in Syria has killed a US airman, the Pentagon has said.
Zac Efron, Bradley Cooper and Meryl Streep were among the winners at the Funny or Die awards, which were held on Sunday night.
Exeter City striker Jack Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in training.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the Champions League squad for the second half of the season.
Tourists in Spain have been criticised for harassing and photographing a dolphin after it was rescued from the sea.
Two men have been treated in hospital after being attacked by a gang of masked men who broke into a house in north Belfast.
A County Armagh doctor has challenged people to climb a mountain every day for a month to help combat depression.
Krishna Kewlani is a lawyer from the western Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta).
About 1,200 properties in Northern Ireland were left without power on Sunday night due to an electrical fault.
A man has been stabbed to death in a street in south London.
A new working group is to be set up to try to resolve concerns over plans for a controversial cycle path in Edinburgh.
The Welsh government has been urged to "act now" to tackle a shortage of midwives in the NHS.
The former head of MI5 has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq heightened the extremist view that the West was trying to bring down Islam.
Five horses have failed to make the final cut for Friday's Cheltenham Festival's Grand National at Aintree.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have been "misled" about the value of their pay, the head of the Education Authority has said.
Thousands of animals are being counted at Chester Zoo in the UK to make sure they are all looking their best.
More than 400 people were arrested at UK airports last year, figures obtained by the BBC's Panorama programme show.
German police are searching for a teenager suspected of murdering a teenage boy whose body was found in the cellar of a house in the country's north-west.
The Green Party's Caroline Lucas has said the UK should have a second referendum on the final Brexit deal, if the party wins seats in the general election.
An NHS trust has been rated "inadequate" following a re-inspection by the health watchdog.
Two men who founded a gay rights group in Bangladesh have been hacked to death with machetes, in the latest in a series of killings by suspected Islamist militants in the country.
Champion chaser Rule The World, who won the Irish Grand National at Aintree, has been retired.
The first doses of a vaccine to be used in the Ebola outbreak in West Africa are due to arrive in Liberia on Friday.
Police searching for a missing Inverness man who failed to return to his home following a night out in the Highlands have released images of his last known sighting.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and Skins, has died aged 69.
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland has increased significantly since 1975, according to figures released by a charity.
The family of a Scottish botanist who went missing in Vietnam's Lao Cai National Park have appealed for help to fund an intensive search for him.
Average petrol and diesel fuel prices in England and Wales increased by more than 5% in July, according to a motoring body.
Students living in private rented accommodation in Oxford have been warned by the university they could be sent home if they cause trouble for their neighbours.
The centenary of the birth of American writer Tennessee Williams' Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Tennessee Williams is being celebrated with a series of events to mark the occasion.
A hospital in Merseyside has banned visitors from its wards after it was hit by a norovirus outbreak.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two men were attacked with an unknown substance.
A court in France has ruled that Eurotunnel's offer to buy the ferry firm SeaFrance, which runs the Channel Tunnel between Dover and Calais, is not viable.
Tens of thousands of Jordanians have taken to the streets in the capital, Amman, to protest against King Abdullah's decision to dissolve parliament and dissolve it.
Milly Dowler's killer Levi Bellfield has denied giving a confession to police about the murder of the 13-year-old girl.
Israel's cabinet has voted in favour of decriminalising the possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has "come up trumps" since taking charge at Pittodrie last summer, according to former Rangers midfielder Kris Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a new contract, but will leave the details to his agent.
President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan, one of Central Asia's longest-serving leaders, has died aged 90.
Led Zeppelin have released a previously unheard recording of Stairway To Heaven, recorded for the BBC in 1971.
The history of Wales in the 13th Century is dominated by the events of Edward I's invasion of Gwynedd in 1282 and Edward II's death in 1307.
A prison officer has been stabbed in the ear with a razor at a prison in County Antrim.
Retailers are bracing themselves for a surge in the number of people returning unwanted Christmas gifts on Boxing Day.
Northern Ireland's health minister has told health professionals that they need to change the way they deliver services if they are going to improve the quality of care.
A schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in the coach crash in Belgium in which a coach driver was killed has been "emotionally not quite right", her father has said.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Premiership table with a 2-0 win at Fir Park after a controversial refereeing decision against Motherwell.
Former Dundee United midfielder Barry Daly says he would consider a return to Rangers if the Ibrox side came calling.
Mick McCarthy's winless run as Ipswich Town manager came to an end with a 3-0 defeat by Derby County at Portman Road.
Oil prices have risen to their highest level of the year following a fall in US crude oil inventories.
A Chinese man who drove a Ferrari F1 car around the streets of Beijing in a world record-breaking lap has been detained, state media report.
More than 80% of councils in England are not building enough affordable new homes through Right to Buy, according to Shelter.
Russia's upper house of parliament is set to approve a bill that would ban foreign investors from buying stakes in the country's media.
Two fire stations in Coventry and Aston are set to be demolished to make way for a new fire station, it has been announced.
A man has been arrested after a car with two children in the back was stolen in south Belfast.
Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs has joined National League side Eastleigh.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out plans to relocate 160,000 extra migrants in a bid to ease the EU's refugee crisis.
Two former directors of a football club have been given millions of pounds by a company appointed to oversee the development of Sixfields Stadium in Northampton.
The Chechen leader's comments about opposition activists in a few days ago have provoked an extraordinary response from the Russian republic's authoritarian leader, prompting calls for his resignation and calls for an investigation.
Former Haitian police chief Guy Philippe has appeared in a US court to face drug trafficking and money laundering charges.
Nurses are being offered free accommodation to help them find somewhere to live.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a building in the western Indian city of Thane, police say.
The top scorer for the France football team, Karim Benzema, has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged video blackmail plot involving his team-mate.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have signed midfielder Ryan Chow on a short-term deal until January 2017.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One with a 10-wicket win over Hampshire at Old Trafford.
More people are taking part in outdoor Christmas swims this year than ever before, according to the organisation that organises them.
Three Chinese weightlifters have been banned for a year after failing retests of their samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games.
The number of empty shops in Scottish towns has improved significantly over the last three years, according to a new report.
The UK will not be allowed to negotiate special trade deals with other EU countries after it leaves the bloc, EU leaders have said.
Shares in Greek banks have continued to fall after talks between Athens and its international creditors broke up without a deal.
Thousands of Lufthansa passengers are facing disruption to their flights after the airline lost a legal challenge against a strike by its pilots.
Glastonbury Festival has pleaded guilty to a breach of the Environment Act after sewage leaked into a river.
The Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats will all need to cut spending in the next parliament to hit their fiscal targets, the Institute of Fiscal Studies (IFS) has said.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian side Standard Liege.
Liam Moriarty's British and Irish Lions training has been anything but easy.
Labour's Tristram Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of England's GCSE and A-level exams to improve the skills needed for the labour market.
Workers at the Northern Ireland operations of US firm Caterpillar have been told to expect a job cut announcement on Thursday.
The government should set a new target to provide "world-beating" broadband speeds in the UK by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A life-sized bronze sculpture of a man has been found in a river after it was mistaken for a real person.
A man who was caught by undercover paedophile hunters who posed as a 14-year-old girl to groom a teenager for sexual activity has been jailed for three years.
Solihull maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 1-0 win at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has called on world leaders to "open their hearts and do more to help refugees who are desperate for a home".
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has said he will not stand for election again and will take up a new role at a think tank.
Archaeologists working at Brighton's Corn Exchange have discovered more graves at the site.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd.
Only 13 people have applied for a grant to help those affected by flooding in York, the BBC has learned.
A woman whose friend was killed in a road crash while on her way to a hen party has said she wants to help others who have suffered similar injuries.
At least 20 Cuban dissidents have been detained after staging a protest in the capital, Havana, in which they accused the government of failing to protect human rights.
Scottish car sales rose in March but the rest of the UK showed stronger growth, according to the latest industry figures.
Police are warning the public to be vigilant after a spate of scammers who posed as police officers to steal money from tourists in Edinburgh city centre.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada over the controversial CETA trade deal.
A chocolate artist has recreated replica ships from the Battle of Trafalgar to mark the centenary of the battle.
An elderly man who had to be revived 17 times by paramedics after suffering a cardiac arrest has said he will be "forever grateful".
Belfast rower Katherine Grainger has won a silver medal for Great Britain in the women's single sculls at the European Rowing Championships in Belgrade.
The chairman of Kids Company, the children's charity that was at the centre of the row over sexual abuse allegations, has denied any staff were aware of the abuse.
Shoppers at a supermarket have been asked to stop giving unwanted treats to a stray cat who regularly visits the store.
Bradford City maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a hard-fought victory over Shrewsbury Town.
The new mayor of South Africa's Tshwane city says he will end the controversial practice of buying luxury cars for elected officials.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour the existing pension agreements with the firm's workers, the Unite union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown himself up at Beijing's international airport in what appears to have been a protest against the authorities.
One person has been taken to hospital following a crash involving a tanker on the M4 in south Wales.
Twenty years ago on Tuesday, Jean-Marc Bosman took football's business model to court in a landmark ruling that changed the world of European football.
An update is to be given on progress on plans for a new emergency management centre in Dumfries and Galloway.
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management at the theme park after it was criticised for long queues to leave.
A care home has been given until next month to improve the safety and well-being of elderly and disabled residents.
YouTube star, Connor Franta, has revealed that he's gay.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who broke into her family's home to thank them for making her "scared of the dark".
A teenager has been arrested after a machete was found at a shopping centre in south-east London.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined American Soccer League side Phoenix Rising FC.
Chelsea have completed the signing of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a 14th floor balcony after being locked out of his apartment.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Michele Minichiello says the Olympic silver medallist should give herself time to decide whether she wants to continue in athletics.
Will Miller's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for Burton Albion as they drew with Wolves at Molineux.
A pregnant woman was threatened by a man who held a gun to the head of her unborn baby after burglars broke into her house in Oldham.
Average annual footfall in town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen by 1% compared with last year, according to the latest figures.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is one of the world's highest and most isolated countries.
Motherwell striker Kris Grant believes the appointment of former Scotland striker Shelley Kerr as Scotland's new women's head coach will make the national side even stronger.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time since December 2015.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting in Flint to express their concerns about proposed cuts to community health services.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from German side Schalke for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly scored a late winner as Crawley maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a 1-0 victory over Blackpool.
The Wales Bill has passed its first stage in the Senedd despite opposition from UKIP and Plaid Cymru.
The BBC has been speaking to some of the people who have been involved in the uprising in Egypt's Tahrir Square.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayr following the resignation of the Labour MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven scientists who had been convicted of misleading the public in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake.
A supplement that boosts the effectiveness of the immune system could offer a "new way to treat" antibiotic-resistant infections, scientists say.
The police investigation into the sexual exploitation of children who went missing from care in Northern Ireland was "limited and inconsistent", a report has found.
Zombie movies have always been a big hit in South Korea, but now they are taking on a whole new meaning with a zombie apocalypse on a bullet train.
Singer-songwriter Joseph Olomide has been detained by police in the Democratic Republic of Congo after being accused of assaulting a female dancer on Saturday.
Three inmates who have absconded from a minimum-security prison have been named by police.
Celtic have appointed former Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
US rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Ikea to create furniture for the Swedish furniture chain.
Flights at Edinburgh Airport were delayed after a computer failure left passengers unable to check in at check-in desks.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after what is believed to be "potentially dangerous" herbal tablets were found in the back of a car in County Down.
The Burmese government has appointed a commission to investigate the causes of deadly religious clashes that erupted in the country's western Rakhine state in June.
Mafia bosses in the 1960s were more likely to be better educated than their neighbours who were involved in more violent crimes, research suggests.
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of England international full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Salford Red Devils.
Airbus' chief executive, Eric Bregier, has said the company will not change its investment plans in the UK if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Astronomers working on Nasa's Kepler space telescope have confirmed the existence of a new world that is similar in many ways to Earth.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who was killed in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Marcin Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two new buildings in China have been built to help reduce the amount of pollution in the air.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's Olympic diving 10m platform after failing to reach the final in Rio.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late winner as Arsenal beat Burnley to secure a place in the FA Cup semi-finals.
The finance minister is to brief his cabinet on the findings of a report into Nama's controversial property loan sales process later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers who posted a series of messages which were later deleted.
A student from Sierra Leone has told Newsbeat he's "devastated" after being turned down for accommodation in the UK because of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
The BBC has announced it is extending the length of its 10 o'clock news bulletin in the New Year to give viewers "even more scope to make sense of the changing world".
Rugby union is heading towards a hire-and-fire approach similar to football, according to the Rugby Players' Association.
Craig Shakespeare's ambition to succeed Claudio Ranieri as Leicester City manager is "almost out of order", says former Foxes defender Martin Keown.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital where she was the main carer for her mother have called on an NHS trust to scrap a report into her death.
Sony Electronics has announced plans to restart production of vinyl records for the first time since the late 1980s.
A polar bear at a wildlife park in southern Scotland has been taken off show after it was confirmed she is pregnant.
Exposure to the UK summer sun several times a week is a safe way to boost vitamin D levels and reduce the risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new measures to tackle extremism, including the cancellation of children's passports and the creation of blacklists for those deemed to be extremists.
Campaigners fighting for a cure for a rare form of muscular dystrophy are calling for a specialist centre to be set up in Wales.
Repairs to a bridge damaged by flooding in West Yorkshire will cost £4.5m and will take until the summer of 2017, a council has said.
Ricky Burns retained his IBF featherweight title with a controversial points win over Mexican challenger Joe Beltran in front of a boisterous Murrayfield crowd.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets of Durban, South Africa's largest city, to protest against recent xenophobic attacks.
A man who died after falling from a balcony has been named by police.
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially remove the so-called "purdah" period before the EU referendum.
An Aberdeenshire pensioner has become the first person in the UK to take out his pension pot without paying tax.
Archaeologists believe they have discovered the remains of a Stone Age "crannog" at an Iron Age estate in Monmouthshire.
A patient has been taken to hospital following a crash on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
More than 2,700 NHS staff in England have been paid six-figure salaries, figures obtained by the BBC, the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance show.
It's been 100 years since the start of one of the biggest battles in World War One.
The European Commission's president has defended the UK's plan to limit the benefits paid to new EU migrants, saying it was "fair to the UK and fair to the other 27 EU states".
A teacher has been given a suspended sentence after being found guilty of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed during an incident in a supermarket car park in West Sussex.
Republican presidential hopefuls have clashed over taxes, immigration and the media in their first TV debate of the 2016 campaign.
A man whose body was found in the boot of a car has been named by police.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has called for a "firm reaction" from the world to Russia's "brutal violation of the Minsk agreements, the ceasefire regime and the withdrawal of heavy weaponry from eastern Ukraine.
US rock band Def Leppard have returned to the top of the UK album chart with their second album, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has resigned as manager of Kilmarnock to take charge of League One side Bury until the end of the season.
Three more senior Turkish soldiers have been sacked following last week's failed military coup, the defence ministry says.
Councils across England are carrying out urgent safety checks on high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of Welsh-language cartoon SuperTed the Cat, is returning to Wales to make a film about one of his favourite characters.
At least 11 Egyptian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia's Mecca region, the country's state news agency Mena says.
The victim of an unprovoked knife attack has said he is ready to meet the man who knocked him down, but not yet ready to confront him.
Defending champion Dustin Johnson has withdrawn from the US PGA Championship at Whistling Straits after injuring his back in a fall at his Florida home.
Exeter maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a 1-0 win over Cambridge at St James' Park.
The "whole presence" of engineering giant Rolls-Royce in Derby could be put at risk if it moves research and development overseas, a Unite union official has said.
Bangladesh cricket chief Asaduzzaman Khan says some countries are "overly sensitive" to the threat posed by terrorism, after Australia postponed its tour of Bangladesh.
Birds are able to fight off a deadly fungus that can infect humans, according to scientists in Sheffield and Birmingham.
A passenger on board a plane that was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning said it "lit up like someone had taken a photo".
Scientists have reconstructed the complete nervous system of an extinct species of arthropod, one of the first to do so.
A woman has appeared in court in connection with the discovery of the remains of a baby at a house in Barnet, north London.
Villagers in Shropshire are calling for urgent action to tackle "nightmare" traffic congestion around Stonehenge.
They may be the UK's longest married husband and wife, according to their family, who have just celebrated their 86th wedding anniversary in Bradford.
Birmingham City have made an offer to let midfielder Scott Caddis leave the club at the end of the season.
Pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he hopes to be able to show his Ashes scars when he faces England in the second Test on Saturday.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France in Pinerolo to extend his lead at the top of the leader's yellow jersey.
An Orange hall in County Antrim has been vandalised.
At least two people have been killed and five injured after a "monster truck" crashed at a car show in the Netherlands, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on the issues that will decide the next election, one of the party's former shadow cabinet ministers has said.
Seven fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of plans to save £1.3m from Suffolk's fire service.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to make their mobile devices more difficult to access.
Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt has warned of the dangers of "mini-drones" that could be used as weapons of war in the future.
England and Northern Ireland are among the top performing education systems in Europe for reading and maths, according to a major international study.
Rory McIlroy's hopes of winning his first Masters ended as defending champion Jordan Spieth took a four-shot lead into the final round at Augusta National.
The UK government has announced plans to launch air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two nursing home workers have been given a community order for failing to report the death of an elderly woman who fell and hit her head on a wall.
The number of babies born addicted to drugs in England in 2015 was the lowest in four years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Ant & Dec have apologised after a new children's game based around Saturday Night Takeaway hosts Ant & Dec made some of its answers to questions wrong.
Thousands of German football fans have arrived in the capital, Berlin, for Saturday's friendly between Germany and the Netherlands.
Reindeer and other mammal species are more sensitive to the flashes of light emitted by power lines running across the Arctic tundra, according to new research.
The Chinese cinema chain Imax has applied to list its shares on the Hong Kong stock market.
A teenager who was driving the car in which four people died in a head-on crash on the Brecon Beacons had just passed his driving test, an inquest has heard.
The owner of a luxury sports car has been stopped by police in east London.
Cincinnati Reds' Scooter Gennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game since 1894.
The suspended chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has agreed to work on a transition project for the National Police Chiefs' Council.
Britain's defending champion Andy Murray marked his return to action with a straight-set win over Japan in the Davis Cup first round.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said he wants to visit Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, so he can "walk around the city".
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand has announced the death of his wife after a short battle with cancer.
A major air and sea search is under way for a missing teenager who was last seen on a beach in Devon.
A man accused of murdering a great-grandfather in a head-on crash had been wrongly diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has resigned following Saturday's 2-0 League One defeat by Scunthorpe United.
Ofcom has announced details of the areas that will benefit from the UK's first local TV network.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after being involved in a crash-landing in the English Channel.
An Indian school textbook that claims Eskimos are "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on "a diet largely of meat" is "poisoning" children, academics say.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash at a petrol station in Gloucestershire.
A teenager from Aberystwyth in Ceredigion has described his job at the Vale of Rheidol Steam Railway as "a dream job".
Athletes from Russia went to "extraordinary lengths" to avoid failing drug tests, including running away from anti-doping officials, a report says.
The BBC News website looks at some of the key issues facing the UK government as it prepares for the general election in May.
A federal judge in Brazil has charged the former director of the presidential campaign of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption.
The international police agency Interpol has asked the public for help to track down nine suspects involved in wildlife crime.
Markets in China and the rest of Asia were lower on Wednesday after a survey indicated weaker-than-expected growth in the country's manufacturing sector.
Ulster have appointed former Leinster captain Jono Gibbes as their new assistant head coach.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party to fight against "SNP cuts to local councils".
Three people have been rescued after getting into difficulty in high winds and snow on the Western Isles.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for the Chinese state-owned chemicals firm ChemChina to complete its takeover of the Swiss seeds and pesticides firm Syngenta.
A man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a police officer in the Swedish capital, Stockholm, on Tuesday.
Sam Baldock's first-half header was enough to give Brighton a 1-0 win at Wolves as Chris Hughton's side maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Newport County midfielder Paul Pidgeley on a short-term deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" in order to become relevant, the party's billionaire donor Arron Banks has said.
Celtic were the only Scottish Premiership side to make significant signings during the January transfer window.
Marta is not one to mince words.
A driver has been taken to hospital after his car crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have extended the loan deal of former Leicester City midfielder Ryan Davis.
Britain's Jason Grabarz won a silver medal in the men's pole vault at the World Para-athletics Championships in Glasgow.
Tom Rogic scored a late winner as Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup and complete an unbeaten domestic season.
National League side Bognor Regis Town have signed former Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan Kettings on a short-term deal.
Five men accused of being involved in the 9/11 attacks have appeared before a US military court for the first time since their transfer to Guantanamo Bay in 2006.
Beyonce has been nominated for three prizes at the 2017 Grammy Awards, which take place on Sunday, 12 February.
Plans to build a new football stadium in Cornwall will be funded if extra money is found to pay for it, the prime minister has said.
Wayne Rooney is set to sign a new contract with Manchester United, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Mansfield Town have signed former Dundee United striker Scott Brown on loan for the rest of the season from League Two side Cambridge United.
A World War Two Spitfire, which was immortalised in the comic strip Just Jake, has failed to sell at auction.
Up to 1,700 new jobs are to be created in Scotland's offshore wind turbine and shipbuilding industries, it has been announced.
Two hens have hatched chicks next to an animatronic boar at a Cambridgeshire museum.
A cap on the number of skilled workers allowed into the UK has been "counter-productive" and could have caused a crisis in the NHS, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its car insurance premiums in the wake of an increase in the cost of car insurance in England and Wales.
Midfielder Joe Allen says spending time with his family and pets is more important to him than football.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic Christians and the leader of the Orthodox church about changing Easter Sunday to a fixed date.
At least 24 civilians and six Islamic State (IS) militants have been killed in air strikes by Russian-led coalition aircraft near the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
It used to be called "Land Rover Town" because of the number of Range Rovers that line the streets.
National League side Braintree Town have signed defender Jack Caton from League Two side Shrewsbury Town for an undisclosed fee.
A US appeals court has upheld a lower court ruling that blocked President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers have been abandoned following a campaign by campaigners.
Lee Chung-yong's injury-time equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a draw against Burnley at Hillsborough.
Greggs, the Greggs bakery chain, has reported a rise in sales for the three months to the end of September.
Germany's Thomas Jung won Olympic gold in the dressage dressage event for the first time since the death of Russia's Sergei Fischertakinou.
Developers in England and Wales are to be required to offer local communities the chance to buy shares in renewable energy projects.
A man has been charged in connection with the shooting of three cats in Surrey.
The Prince of Wales' Duchy of Cornwall has said it is "deeply saddened" by the death of a man who was swept to his death by an "unpredictable" river.
When you look at the foetuses of humpback whales, they look like they've just come out of the womb.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold, despite a raft of economic data suggesting that the UK economy is recovering from the post-referendum shock.
The decision by an international court to uphold China's territorial claims in the South China Sea has been widely condemned by Chinese state media.
Shares in Japan and China headed lower on Wednesday after disappointing US economic data and disappointing earnings results.
Australia and West Indies played out a rain-affected draw in the third Test despite a century from David Warner.
At least 600 people have been rescued from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf as floodwaters from the swollen Danube and Elbe rivers surge towards the town.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed in a street in Caernarfon, Gwynedd.
Two teenagers have been arrested after three large knives were seized at an illegal rave in east London.
In Nigeria, cricket is not just a sport for the country's elite sportsmen and women - it is also the sport of choice for many of the nation's street footballers.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than expected, according to the Bank of England's chief economist.
Taiwanese electronics firm Foxconn has reported a sharp rise in profits, helped by strong sales of Apple's latest iPhones and iPad mini.
A medieval walk to the shrine of St Winefride's Well in Holywell, Shropshire, is taking place to mark the 1,000th anniversary of King Henry V's visit to the town.
When Lewis Hamilton steps on to the track at Interlagos in Sao Paulo on Sunday, it will be the first time in his Formula 1 career that he has won a race at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
A man has been cleared of raping and sexually assaulting a student who took her own life.
Up to 1,200 workers at a chemical plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff are set to be laid to rest.
Camelot, the mythical home of King Arthur, has long been one of Wales' most famous myths.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring his first goal of the season, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri.
Could the government ship heading towards a collision with the Eurosceptic iceberg?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of abandoning their "compassionate conservatism" by promising tax cuts for the wealthy and spending cuts on the poor.
Two people have been arrested after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a "disturbance" in Essex.
West Indies won their first Women's World Twenty20 title with a three-wicket victory over Australia in the final in Mumbai.
UKIP assembly member Nathan Gill has said he would be prepared to give up his role as an AM and an MEP if asked by the party's new leader Paul Nuttall.
Residents of the street where Benefits Street was filmed have been given advice on how to defend themselves against intruders.
The Prison Officers Association (POA) has agreed a new pay deal with the government following a 24-hour strike over prison safety concerns.
A mystery photographer has been sought by the National Trust after a man said he was given the last photo of his wife before she died.
Ivory Coast's pharmaceutical authority has banned the sale and importation of skin whitening creams, citing health risks.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over the government's handling of the Brexit bill.
More than 1,300 Islamic State militants have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq and Syria since 2 December 2015, the government has said.
A hacker who hacked into Norwich International Airport's website to alert passengers to missing flights has said he only wanted to test his ability to access the information.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been approved by councillors.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a father-of-two who was beaten to death and secretly buried in an outhouse.
In the early hours of June, doctors at a leading medical centre in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, had to turn off the building's powerful body scanners.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten home record in the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
Five people have been taken to hospital following a crash between a bus and a car in Edinburgh.
A British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has returned to the UK after the case against him was dropped.
Up to half of the money generated by fracking in Lancashire will be spent in the county, the firm behind plans to develop the site has said.
The daughter of Mexico's top consumer protection official has been sacked by President Enrique Pena Nieto after she tried to shut down a restaurant in a row with her father's restaurant.
Downing Street has said it hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two missing RAF Spitfires.
Two people have been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty on Llanberis Ridge in Conwy county.
The government has suspended a controversial fast-track system which allows asylum seekers to be detained while they wait for a decision on their asylum claim.
David Cameron's call for greater fiscal self-determination for the devolved nations of the UK may not be a good idea for the rest of the country.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager who was stabbed to death has escaped from police custody in India.
Two men arrested in connection with the murder of a man whose body was found in a car park in Essex have been released on bail.
Fife-based interior fittings firm Havelock Europa has announced plans to expand its marketing and sales operation in China and Australia.
The story of BrewDog, one of Scotland's most successful craft beer brands, is a tale of two men who were so desperate to get their beers into supermarkets they had to lie to their bank to get more money to expand their business.
The value of the pound has continued to weaken as traders react to the latest opinion polls suggesting the EU referendum is too close to call.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his conviction.
A Briton who died while fighting against Islamic State militants in Syria has been laid to rest in a ceremony in the Kurdish-held north of the country.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records for use in counter-terrorism investigations is unconstitutional.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed midfielder Kristoffer Lindegaard on a permanent deal from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion.
Two dogs were kept in kennels by police after being deemed too dangerous to be let out, it has emerged.
Labour MP Chuka Umunna has told BBC Newsnight there is "no glory in opposition" and the party will "betray its people if we don't get elected".
The widow of a Gwynedd pensioner who died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the sea off the Maltese island of Gozo, an inquest has heard.
Thirty-five Iraqi men have been sentenced to death for their roles in the 2014 massacre of American soldiers in the city of Tikrit by Islamic State (IS) militants.
Surfwear firm Magicseaweed has been bought by the Surfstitch Group, which aims to become the "global destination for action sports and youth lifestyle".
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after the second round was suspended because of bad weather.
Colchester United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a 2-1 home win over Bradford City thanks to goals from Joe Ambrose and George Moncur.
Archaeologists have built Neolithic-style huts at Stonehenge as part of a project to reconstruct what life was like for people living 4,500 years ago.
Hundreds of people in the US have taken to the streets to demand the release of President Donald Trump's tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexico's Julio Cesar Ruiz Jr in a WBO heavyweight title eliminator for Tyson Fury's vacated WBO title on 1 December.
Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd!
Ian Ritchie says Dylan Hartley's ban from captaincy will not prevent him from leading England in the Six Nations.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma for almost all of that time.
"This is not a croquet match, this is a real fight, not a joke, not even a joke."
A Mexican man has appeared in a US court charged with the 2010 murder of a US border patrol agent who was killed in a gun-running sting operation.
The White House has condemned threats to Jewish community centres across the US, after 10 more were made on Monday.
When you look at the scoreline, it is easy to dismiss England's victory over Italy as a one-sided affair.
Chinese search engine Baidu, which makes self-drive cars, has announced plans to open up its technology to the rest of the car industry.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect widespread disruption as a national strike by Network Rail workers is set to go ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man in connection with the gang rape and murder of an elderly nun.
Texas lawmakers have introduced a bill to ban the use of emojis of Chile's flag as an alternative to the official state flag.
Premier League clubs have agreed a new US television rights deal for all Premier League matches from 2016-17 to 2021-22.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed to allow work to be carried out to install new water pipes.
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace in the latest incident of violating the country's airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Alan Solomons says his side's improvement this season has earned them a place in the Premiership's top six.
Peterborough United have extended the loan of South Africa international defender Ntumba Nsiala until January.
Belgium's Elinor van den Driessche has been given a six-month suspension and a fine of up to 200,000 Swiss francs (£141,000) after being found guilty of technical fraud.
Conor McGregor is used to sleeping in until midday every day.
England fly-half Owen Farrell will be replaced by George Ford for the second Test against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
A schoolgirl from Stranraer in southern Scotland has backed a campaign to get a drug to be made available on the NHS in England and Scotland to help treat a rare form of degenerative syndrome.
Lichfield have called on the Rugby Football Union to reconsider their decision not to include them in the new Women's Super Rugby competition.
The Football Association says it stands by the decision not to select some of England's best players for Euro 2016's Under-21s despite their elimination from the tournament.
Donald Trump's trade adviser Dan DiMicco has told the BBC that the US president-elect is committed to negotiating a new trade deal with the UK.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby after being flagged down by a taxi driver has said it was "one of the most rewarding" experiences of his career.
Leicester director of rugby Mike Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will sign a new contract with the Premiership club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by a gang of men has been jailed for three years.
A man who raped and sexually abused a 14-year-old girl has been jailed for life.
Firefighters are continuing to deal with an incident involving a lorry which crashed into a house on the Isle of Lewis in Perthshire.
At least 60 homes in Cambridgeshire have been flooded after heavy downpours.
A human rights group says it has found no evidence that 43 students who went missing in Mexico in September were incinerated.
UK troops are to be deployed to Somalia and South Sudan, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A three-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle she was playing on blew away has been admitted to hospital for surgery.
Abby Wambach has announced her retirement from international football.
More women in the UK are giving up breastfeeding than in other developing countries, according to new research.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South Africa-born back-row forward Nic Kebble.
Widnes Vikings head coach Ian Betts says his side's poor start to the Super League season is down to a lack of momentum.
Prince Andrew has denied any suggestion he had sexual relations with a woman who says she was forced to have sex with him when she was under-age.
Krystian Pearce's header rescued a point for Mansfield as they drew with York in the National League.
Three people have been arrested after a man was stabbed during an assault in Brighton city centre.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to coerce a woman to engage in sexual activity with a man she met online.
Sheffield Wednesday have completed the signing of striker Jonjoe Rhodes from Championship side Middlesbrough for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived at a West Sussex fire-damaged school after it was gutted by fire.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Jonathan Davies says he would like to see George North return to Wales.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova swept past third seed Simona Halep to set up a final against Dominika Cibulkova at the Wuhan Open in China.
A County Armagh man has said he feared for the safety of his children after he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men who broke into his house.
Work has started on a multi-million pound revamp of a sports and leisure complex in Denbighshire.
More than 200 suspected cases of child sexual exploitation and indecent assault (CSE) are being investigated by West Yorkshire Police.
At least eight people have died and several are in a critical condition after being found in the back of a pick-up truck in temperatures of over 40C (104F).
In our series of letters from British women, fashion and beauty experts share their experiences of living with anorexia nervosa.
An exhibition celebrating the Windrush generation's contribution to British society has opened at a museum in Nottingham.
The BBC's director general John Whittingdale is behaving as if he were running the broadcaster, a senior Labour MP has said.
An investigation has been launched after a disabled woman was refused a taxi to take her to a concert in Carmarthenshire.
Europe's comet lander, Philae, has contacted Earth for the first time since going into hibernation, the European Space Agency says.
An off-duty police officer who was called to an incident in Glasgow city centre has surprised pub-goers by belting out the Bee Gees theme tune in a karaoke session.
All-rounder Rilee Viljoen took five wickets to help Northamptonshire to a five-wicket win over Gloucestershire at Chester-le-Street.
The DUP will take unilateral action if the UK government fails to resolve the crisis at Stormont, the finance minister has said.
Northamptonshire all-rounder Luke Buck took 6-52 as the hosts dominated the first day of their County Championship game against Durham at Chester-le-Street.
Police searching for a missing woman from Inverclyde have been speaking to friends and family members to establish a clearer picture of her life.
Two adverts showing people dressed as horror movie characters have been taken down after a charity said they were "disturbing".
Gary Madine scored a hat-trick as Bolton Wanderers booked their place in the second round of the EFL Cup with a 3-2 win over Sheffield United.
French mosques are opening their doors to the public as part of an initiative to encourage dialogue on the dangers of terrorism and extremism.
UK and Scottish fishermen have agreed quotas for fish stocks in the North Sea for next year.
A pilot and his wife have been found safe and well after their light aircraft crashed in a field in the East Midlands.
For a century and a half, the Swansea canal was a vital part of the city's industrial heritage.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be available for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants who refuse to leave their properties, the government has announced.
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and his predecessor, Jan Teeven, have resigned after misleading the public over a controversial payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Forfar Athletic moved back to the top of Scottish League Two thanks to a last-gasp goal from Scott Swankie against Cowdenbeath.
A housing development in Carrbridge Park in Aviemore has been refused planning permission.
A norovirus outbreak at a Vale of Glamorgan hospital has been declared a "major incident" by health chiefs.
China is once again in the shadow of Mao Zedong's Red Guards.
Crocodile farmers in Australia are known for taking eggs from the nests of the endangered animals.
More than 40 gritters have been taken out of service in Gloucestershire to prepare for the upcoming winter.
Ricky is on a mission to find out more about the robots of the future.
A former friend of the couple convicted of murdering toddler Liam Fee has said she was "shocked, totally shocked" when she found out they had been convicted of his murder.
Plans to build a new power plant at a Norfolk paper mill have been submitted to the Environment Agency.
About 1,500 migrants and refugees in the Calais camp known as "Jungle" have been moved from their tents as French and UK authorities prepare to clear the area.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" in the conflict in Gaza.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans to bring back eight-council arrangements in Wales have been published by the local government minister.
US cable operator Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) from Liberty Broadband for $78.7bn (Â£52bn) in cash and stock.
An ex-boyfriend of one of the victims of historical child sex abuse at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's inquiry into the issue.
Poland has said it will allow a Russian biker group with close ties to the Kremlin to enter the country.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain after the second Test against England ended in a draw.
Australia's economy grew 0.9% in the three months to March, much better than expected, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most well-known birds.
Force India have confirmed that Mexican driver Sergio Perez will remain at the team for 2017.
A mother who refused to comply with a council order to send her son to school has won an appeal against the order.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson moved into a share of the lead after two rounds of the European Open in Sweden.
Survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales are calling for a new clinic to be set up to provide medical and psychological support.
US scientists have discovered a new type of plastic that can be recycled to produce new materials that are more durable and easier to repair.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at helping small technology start-ups to grow, according to former Google chief executive Ian Woodford.
A new gin distillery in the Scottish Borders has opened its doors for the first time in nearly 200 years.
A fire at a former cigarette factory in Nottingham city centre has been described as one of the worst in the city's history.
In the 19th Century, women tended to outlive men by just 2.5 years on average.
A man has been charged in the US state of Michigan for allegedly forcing a student with a severe peanut allergy to eat peanut butter.
Norway's prime minister has ruled out changing the country's border with Finland to give it the highest peak in the country to mark its independence day.
Growth in the Scottish economy is likely to slow further this year, according to a new report, as the impact of the low oil price continues to have an impact.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he was "convinced" by his wife to take on the job after being asked by President Donald Trump to be his successor.
A football club has appealed for help to track down the bride-to-be who posed for a photo with their players after their coach was stuck in a motorway traffic jam.
A teenager has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism, police have said.
The cost of commemorating the soldiers who served in the disbanded Dorset and Devonshire Regiments in World War One and Two is set to be paid for.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of the opposition in Myanmar (also known as Burma), recently told an audience in the capital, Naypyitaw, that the pace of reform has slowed.
A man who was caught on CCTV trying to rob a shop worker at knifepoint has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The National Police Chiefs' Association (NBPA) says it is "very concerned" about the way police in England and Wales deal with complaints of racism and discrimination.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins has been declared treasure by an inquest in County Down.
A 15-year-old girl who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off a Northumberland beach has been named by police.
A British man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was killed in a scooter accident in Thailand.
A woman who took part in an "act of brutality" which "defies reason and compassion" has been jailed for a minimum of 36 years.
In the shadow cabinet, Eeyore is still peering over his shoulder.
Manchester United have named England midfielder Ashley Shaw in their pre-season tour to the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has bid an emotional farewell to the Scottish Parliament, saying it was "no greater honour in public life than to be a member of this parliament".
Three hospitals in the US state of Kentucky and California have been hit by malware that locked patients' files and demanded they pay a ransom to unlock them.
The BodyPositive team are looking for you to send in your stories of how you've overcome obstacles to celebrate the new year.
David Cameron has said it is "unthinkable" for Fifa president Sepp Blatter to remain in charge of world football's governing body.
A restaurant owner in Spain's Catalonia region has said he is trying to track down a group of diners who left in a "stampede" as dessert was served.
An increase in the number of livestock worrying incidents has been attributed to a campaign encouraging farmers and crofters to report incidents to police.
Force India have confirmed the signing of Frenchman Esteban Ocon as their new driver for 2017.
Residents at an Edinburgh care home have been told to improve the way they are cared for.
Have you ever spoken to your dog in a language they don't understand?
Four men have been convicted of murdering a gangland rival who was stabbed to death in what was described as an "act of retribution" in a turf war.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association.
National League side Tranmere Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until January.
Bristol City maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan's centuries put Middlesex in control against Hampshire at Lord's.
Families with children with milk allergy are being urged to reverse plans to stop their GP's giving them prescriptions for infant formula milk.
The sight of smears of dust and dirt on touchscreen devices is a familiar one.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student.
A toddler who was born with part of a leg growing inside her pelvis has returned home to Australia after pioneering surgery to remove and reconstruct part of her leg.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Dundee.
A man has died following a fire at a retirement home in Fife.
National League side Grimsby Town have re-signed left-back Mark Cooper on a one-year deal after his release by Gateshead.
It is Ladies' Day, the time of year when women dressed in their finest finery head to Aintree for one of the most famous races in British sport.
A woman who died after being refused admission to a specialist neurosurgery unit at Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital was likely to have survived, an inquest jury has concluded.
John Horan has been elected as the GAA's new president at the annual congress at Croke Park in Dublin.
Former England captain Sir Ian Botham is the director of cricket at Nottinghamshire, Nottinghamshire and Nottinghamshire.
Head coach Ian Cathro insists there is no problem with Jamie Walker's future at Hearts, despite reports linking him with a move to Rangers.
Michael van Gerwen won his first PDC World Grand Prix title with a 10-6 victory over Ricky Wright in the final at London's Alexandra Palace.
A vote to leave the European Union would be bad for Northern Ireland and bad for the rest of the UK, according to the Ulster Unionists.
Scotland captain John Greer admits he has no idea where his international future lies after being released by his former club.
Defence is one of the most important issues facing the next government.
Lord Avebury, the Liberal Democrat peer and former MP for Orpington, has died aged 91.
The number of housing association houses sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly and recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign, Lord Heseltine has warned.
Police investigating a serious assault in a nightclub have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with the incident.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets to protest against cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a hard-fought victory over Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers in England and Wales were awarded more than £1.3m in compensation last year after being injured in the classroom, figures from a teaching union show.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is one of the big issues in the EU-US trade negotiations.
Bristol head coach Karl Robinson says the departure of forwards coach Steve Borthwick has "kicked" the club.
Germany's exports and factory production both fell in November, adding to concerns that the country's recovery is losing steam.
A British Red Cross volunteer who was at the scene of the Shoreham air disaster has been recognised in the New Year Honours for his role in first aid.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) has been criticised by Lord Myners, the chairman of the watchdog, for not doing enough to protect shareholders.
A statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by TV illusionist Uri Geller in Shropshire.
Vladimir Putin told Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right National Front, that Russia would not interfere in the country's forthcoming presidential election.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it will strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels to ensure its "substantial businesses" are represented appropriately after the UK leaves the EU.
A child sex offender who talked about raping a baby and abusing children on social media has been jailed.
A police officer has been disciplined for incorrectly recording the name and date of birth of a man who was later arrested for a firearms offence.
Defending champions Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first Wuhan Open doubles title in China.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he will not make any excuses for his side's defeat by South Africa in the World Cup quarter-final.
Gatwick Airport has said it will take on the main risks of building a new runway at the south-east London airport.
Carlisle United have completed the signing of Dutch international forward Pedro Semedo on a short-term deal until January 2017.
Boris Johnson's political journey has been one of the most unusual in British politics.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed former striker Ryan Lowe on loan from League One side Bury until January.
A British woman who was among four tourists jailed in Malaysia for taking indecent photos of a mountain peak has left the country.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, but is it a good place to invest?
In a small room in the basement of a house in the Turkish town of Suruc, close to the border with Syria, the family of one of the 23 Kurdish fighters killed in the battle for the town of Kobane is holding a vigil.
Burglars have broken into Lincoln's Bomber Command Centenary Centre to steal a flagpole to mark the opening of the attraction.
Northampton Town have been granted permission to enter administration.
Shares in two Hong Kong-based financial firms have seen sharp falls following a sharp fall in the value of their shares.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from the front bench as Jeremy Corbyn continues to reshuffle his front bench team.
The news that 70% of season ticket prices in the Premier League have been frozen or reduced this year is good news for football fans.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined for taking photos of himself and his wife posing for selfies with endangered Asiatic lions.
A man has died in prison after being charged with the attempted murder of two boys.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV shows is at an all-time high, according to a new report.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused of being a "zealous zealot" over funding for free schools in England.
Voters in Tower Hamlets go to the polls on 7 May to elect a new mayor.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park in London's Olympic Park was once home to some of the UK's most passionate handball fans.
Huddersfield Giants full-back Ryan Chase says he is in the best mental state he has ever been after re-signing for the club.
Olympic gold medallist Wayne Rooney says he would love to be presented with his medal from the Beijing Anniversary Games at the Diamond League Anniversary Games.
The desire to drink coffee may be "in our genes", according to scientists in Italy and the Netherlands.
Thailand's Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been invited to take the throne following the death of the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Labour MP Sammy Wilson has said he will not put his name forward to become the next leader of the Democratic Unionist Party.
First Lady Carla Jones has said she hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her baby son, who will be in Cardiff for the Champions League final.
The Church of Ireland's most senior bishop in the Republic of Ireland has said he supports same-sex marriage.
The body of a man has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has been fined by the US government for illegally shipping a coating for a Pakistani nuclear reactor to the country.
It looks like the new Ghostbusters film will be the start of a whole new series of films.
Rail passengers are being advised to check their journeys before they leave for the August Bank Holiday weekend as improvements to the Bristol Parkway are being carried out.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Spain's Catalonia region to call for independence.
Prince Harry has shared photos of his visit to a children's home in South Africa, where he was given Christmas hats and balloons.
Singapore has banned app-based taxi booking services such as Uber and GrabTaxi in a move aimed at curbing the growing number of people using them to get around.
Pace bowler Chris Woakes will replace injured James Anderson in England's side for the first Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Saturday.
The story of a police dog who fought for his life after being shot in the head with a crossbow is one of the most inspiring animal rescues in British history.
A man and a woman have died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The prime minister of Lesotho has said he will not return to the country to see if his life is in danger after the army staged a coup.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a "campaign of political harassment" after a break-in at his Cardiff home.
Campaigners fighting plans to build overhead electricity pylons in the Lake District have begun a walk to highlight the impact they say they would have on the landscape.
Photographs by Raul Roman and Lonnie Schlein
A curfew in the US city of Baltimore has been lifted after the mayor said it would not be necessary to keep it in place any longer.
Dundee United have signed former Notts County defender Ryan Quinn on loan until January.
Nottingham Forest moved off the bottom of the Championship table with a 3-1 win over Birmingham City, but midfielder Christian Benttner was taken to hospital with a head injury.
Lancashire's Alviro Petersen made his first century of the season to help his side to a comfortable first-innings lead against Northants at Lord's.
(Close): Wall Street markets were little changed on Tuesday, as the latest batch of emails from the Trump campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, emerged.
David Cameron has said leaving the EU would be a "big mistake" for the UK, as he urged voters to back remaining in the union.
When it comes to achievements, Lord Coe's election as president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) is likely to be the most well-known.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers midfielder Jamey Kamdjo on an undisclosed-length deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue's contract has been terminated after he was banned from playing in the Premier League for four months by Fifa.
A neighbour of a newspaper editor who was attacked by two men accused of throwing acid in his face has told a court that he tried to wash the corrosive substance off his face.
Vauxhall has issued a safety warning to owners of some of its Zafira models, after a number of cars caught fire.
The US presidential primary season is coming to a close, and the contest for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations is starting to feel like it's being rigged.
A new lightsaber combat sport inspired by the Star Wars films has opened in the UK.
A man has died and three people have been injured in a head-on crash in Dorset.
US regulators have given conditional approval for oil giant Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil and gas drilling in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room on New Year's Day.
Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after the fatal shooting of his girlfriend at his home in South Africa.
The Turkish government is widely blocking access to the Tor network, a tool used by people to hide online activities, a monitoring group says.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Valverde has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Rugby union is not the only sport in Japan that has failed to capture the nation's imagination since the country's last World Cup in 2002.
Militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) have seized several towns close to the ancient ruins of Palmyra in Syria's Homs province, activists say.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over after it was spotted spelling the word "coop" as "cooper".
Former Bath head coach Graham Guscott believes his old club could be on the verge of a comeback against Leicester Tigers at The Rec on Saturday.
A new charge for parking in Nottingham city centre has been introduced to try to raise £2m less than expected.
Former Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren says Rafael Benitez's "domineering" style of management will allow him to gain greater control of the team.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision to stay at the club to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans are being drawn up to turn one of Aberystwyth's most famous buildings into a centre for the town's regeneration.
Voters in 18 council areas are to be required to show photo ID to cast their ballots, the government has announced.
Nottinghamshire batsman Sean Mullaney's century helped his side to a comfortable first-innings lead against Surrey at The Oval.
The family of a paralysed man who died at Dignitas in Switzerland have said they are "in a state of all-consuming grief".
More than 1,300 people have signed a petition calling for an annual road safety awareness campaign for horses in Wales.
A book about the death of a soldier in the Welsh Guards has won the Man Booker Prize.
Universities in England and Wales are to have to cover the cost of extra support for disabled students who need it, the government has announced.
An author has said he felt like he was running an "adult shop" when he was asked to cover up promotional material featuring places with 'censored' place names.
CJ Stander says Ireland will not attempt to protect Conor Murray against Glasgow Warriors in Saturday's Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
Obesity may be linked to an increased risk of cancer recurrence, according to US researchers who are planning to carry out the largest-ever study of its kind.
Andreas Goretzka scored a hat-trick as Germany eased past Mexico to set up a Confederations Cup final against Portugal.
Eddie Izzard has completed his challenge to run 27 marathons in South Africa to raise money for the Nelson Mandela Foundation.
Norwich City boss Alex Neil says his side's improved passing skills were key to their 1-0 win at Barnsley.
Crotone sealed their Serie A survival with a 3-1 win over 10-man Lazio, who had defender Bastos sent off.
Hollywood actor Colin Firth is set to star in Guy Ritchie's film version of The Man From U.N.C.L.E, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy grew at its slowest rate in three years in the July-to-September period, official figures show.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in energy and manufacturing stocks, while small-cap stocks outperformed the rest of the market.
In the run-up to the outbreak of World War Two, Sir Nicholas Winton played a key role in the rescue of Jewish children fleeing persecution by the Nazis.
The number of prisoners released by mistake in England and Wales rose by seven to 71 in 2016-17, figures show.
A commemorative £5 coin to mark Prince George's first birthday has been unveiled by the Royal Mint in London.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead in 2018.
The mother of a man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with a comfortable win over bottom side Crotone to set up a Champions League final against Real Madrid.
Newcastle United secured promotion to the Premier League with a 3-0 win over Barnsley at St James' Park.
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed to death at a supermarket car park.
Back in the 1960s I gave an impassioned speech calling for Yorkshire to be given more power over its own affairs.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes at two developments in Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Charlotte Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline in Rio, the first medal for British women in the event's history.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool at King Power Stadium.
People are being asked to mark their homes and churches with symbols believed to have been used in medieval England to ward off evil spirits.
The tall chimney at Didcot Power Station appears to have collapsed overnight, according to some social media users.
A plan to offer cross-Solent ferry services between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by the council.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the worst since 1987, according to figures released by the Channel Islands' harbour master.
Titanic Belfast's managing director has said it is vital that the visitors' centre at the world-renowned Titanic site in Belfast remains open to the public.
A man who absconded from a mental health unit in Sussex where he was being held for killing his neighbour has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police has announced her retirement from the force to spend more time with her family.
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County thanks to a 2-0 win at Hartlepool.
Sunderland defender Marco Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Nathan Harnik has been ruled out of Saturday's friendly against Slovenia in Belgrade because of a thigh injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says qualifying for the third round of the EFL Cup will be "very important" for the Reds.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a pilot reported a technical fault with the aircraft.
The number of people visiting a sculpture of ceramic poppies at Yorkshire's Sculpture Park has increased by 170% since they were installed last year.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first top-flight German footballer to come out as gay.
The PSNI has said an investigation into claims by ex-soldiers who claimed they were involved in killings by a paramilitary unit in Belfast in the 1970s will form part of a review into all deaths linked to soldiers.
A dispersal order has been issued in a bid to tackle anti-social behaviour in a town on Anglesey.
A British boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks after being found guilty of assaulting and harassing his ex-partner.
The US state department says it has confirmed reports that US citizen Kenneth Bae has been returned to a North Korean labour camp.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire have been put up for sale with a guide price of around £12.6m.
South Africa have confirmed that coach Ottis Gibson will not be given a new deal to lead the side in their tour of England in June.
The security of the UK's major internet service providers (ISPs) has improved since the TalkTalk data leak, according to an audit carried out in the wake of the attack.
The UK's competition watchdog is taking action against a number of online gambling firms after it found that they were offering "tempting" deals to new customers.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in the 1-0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough.
Electrical current can be used to improve the ability of people to solve maths puzzles, according to Cardiff University researchers.
A university academic who was killed in a crash with a car in West Yorkshire has been named by police.
The US government has confirmed that it carried out surveillance operations known as Prism, or electronic surveillance, on US citizens in the wake of documents leaked by former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden.
Rory McIlroy has withdrawn from the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai because of a stomach bug.
Warwickshire and England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of the Bears.
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve says he has been "harassed" by a policewoman who said she was ordered to report the presence of national police at the scene of the Bastille Day attack in Nice.
Lewis Hamilton said it was a "very odd" weekend for Mercedes after failing to make up any ground on the Ferraris at the Spanish Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye is a former doctor who rose to prominence as a fierce critic of Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, who is seeking re-election on Sunday.
A Cardiff man has said he is worried for his pets after discovering a colony of giant tube web spiders living in his garden.
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of £6m for the six months to the end of September.
A man's body has been found in a wooded area in north Belfast.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has said he is "really sorry" for making "sexist" remarks about women working in science.
More than half the people in England who asked for help to care for elderly and disabled people last year did not get it, figures show.
A former Bolivian air traffic control officer has accused her superiors of pressuring her to alter a report about the plane that crashed in Colombia, killing most of a Brazilian football team.
Three members of a cult in China have been charged with the murder of a woman who was beaten to death in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have been trading barbs on social media, with Katy saying: "I love her, and I want the best for her."
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
The Welsh government has refused to publish the results of an internal audit into how £1.3m was spent by civil servants in 2014/15, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Creative Scotland and the Scottish government have announced plans to develop a new film and television studio complex in Aberdeen.
Prue Leith is to step down as a judge on BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 series.
Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 in their final Group D game at the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations.
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from taking their pets out in public under plans to tackle the growing problem of dog fouling.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe's troubled politics.
The University of Stoke-on-Trent has announced plans to convert the town's former courthouse into a teaching centre.
Rescuers in Greenland are continuing to search for people missing after a tsunami hit the country's coast.
A man has died following a crash between a car and a lorry on the A1 Belfast to Londonderry road.
Theresa May will visit the White House to meet President Donald Trump "shortly" on Saturday, his spokesman has said.
The FBI asked the State Department for a "quid quo" to change the classification level of a classified email sent by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, newly released documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world for commuters to travel by train and tram, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager John Pennock says the club need to add "two or three more" new players to improve their squad.
Steam, the world's most popular digital games retailer, has struck a deal with film studio Lionsgate to let older movies and TV shows be streamed through its video game store.
Mexican authorities have arrested several people suspected of helping drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman escape from a maximum-security prison on Tuesday.
Highland Council has said it is "unlikely" that a new primary school in Wick will open in October.
The Chancellor Philip Hammond has announced changes to the way VAT is calculated for some types of small businesses.
Making all secondary school pupils in England have to study five traditional academic subjects at GCSE is "unfair", the head of Ofsted has said.
Work has begun to upgrade the jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base to prepare it for the arrival of the Royal Navy's first aircraft carrier.
Police searching for a missing man who was last seen in Edinburgh have said his last known sighting was in Manchester on Sunday.
Fishermen are being asked to report any sightings of an endangered species of shark off the coast of Powys and Anglesey.
Lava spewing out of Hawaii's Kilauea volcano in the US state of Hawaii is reaching new heights.
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have asked the High Court in Dublin to throw out an injunction they had obtained against the broadcaster.
Sergio Henao has been provisionally suspended by Team Sky over concerns about his use of performance-enhancing drugs.
A US citizen who was kidnapped in Syria has been released by the Czech Republic, the US State Department says.
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found that senior Army and RUC officers were involved in the plot to kill him.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle chief executive Martin Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on gambling in Scottish football.
The white police officer charged over the fatal shooting of a black teenager in Chicago has pleaded not guilty to murder.
The Independent newspaper is to cease publishing its print editions, the company that owns it has confirmed.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has rejected an offer from Gillingham to sign midfielder Jack Byrne.
The plastic plastic fiver has been unveiled by the Bank of England as the UK's first banknote to be made entirely of plastic.
An Australian man who survived six days in the Australian desert by eating ants says he has no idea how he survived.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool showed they are not ready to fight for the Premier League title.
The Syrian army says it has recaptured the last rebel-held district of the city of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police over an allegation of racial abuse at Heathrow Airport on Monday.
The president of the breakaway region of Abkhazia has been forced to step down after protests against his rule in the capital, Sukhumi.
An Indian woman has been praised by the Railways ministry for using social media to seek help for a baby who needed milk for her baby.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a video for their new single.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) says it will conduct an independent review into claims made by the Sunday Times newspaper that some Premier League footballers were "doped" by a doctor.
A campaign to elect a directly-elected mayor for south east Wales has failed to hit its target of collecting enough signatures for a referendum, a councillor has said.
More than 1,000 jobs are set to be lost in a Hampshire seaside town as a result of plans to sell off military sites, a council has said.
Most of the schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria on Tuesday have escaped their captors, the Nigerian military has said.
More than 100,000 illegal cigarettes have been seized in a raid on a factory in Birmingham.
Surrey Police has been told it needs to improve the way it investigates serious and organised crime, following criticism of its handling of rape and murder investigations.
The BBC has announced that it will shut down its iPlayer app in the US on 26 June this year.
A Victorian funeral store where families would store their dead relatives' bodies after they had died has been given Grade II listed status.
A cartoon contest to draw parallels between US President Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler has been held in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has become the top trending topic on social media following the Democratic presidential debate.
Port Vale kept alive their faint hopes of a League One play-off place with a 1-0 win over West Brom at Port Vale.
National League side Braintree Town have signed midfielder Chris Keane on loan from League Two side Notts County until January.
A number of war medals and antiques have been stolen during a burglary at a house in the Western Isles.
Scotland's political and religious leaders have been reacting to the fatal tram crash in Glasgow city centre on the eve of Christmas Day.
England will play New Zealand in the World Rugby Under-20 Championship final after a 24-10 win over South Africa in Georgia.
Traffic on the M1 in Northamptonshire has been backed up for several miles after a lorry overturned on the carriageway.
Zaclav Abramovic has opened her latest exhibition at London's Serpentine Gallery, where she has invited the public to become "human statues".
The Irish foreign secretary has said there is a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to engage constructively in talks aimed at restoring a power-sharing government.
A Scottish engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in the Highlands after securing a Â£1.5m grant from the Scottish government.
The family of an 82-year-old woman who was murdered in her Fife home have paid tribute to her "beloved mother, grandmother and friend".
Firefighters in Chile are battling a series of forest fires that are threatening towns and villages across the country.
The US has condemned Israel's plans to build new settlement homes in the occupied West Bank, calling them "deeply troubling".
A judge has ruled that the children of a couple who were arrested at the Eurotunnel terminal in Kent should be returned to their parents.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the first women's strike in the history of chain making in the Black Country.
More than 200 people who returned to Kenya from Somalia in the first half of this year have joined militant groups, according to a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry, County Down.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have resumed industrial action in a dispute with the Department of Health.
Two teenage boys have been arrested following an investigation into the sharing of images of themselves and others via social media.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to death for killing two fellow soldiers and wounding six others in an attack blamed on bullying, state media report.
Toyota has announced plans to upgrade its car production at a year after the UK government pledged £21.3m in funding to boost production at the plant.
More public money is needed to improve grassroots football in Wales, a leading football figure has said.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party has announced that she will stand down as the country's first female premier.
Chris Eubank Jr says he is ready to hand over his British middleweight title to boxer Ryan Blackwell as a "goodwill gesture".
A grieving family in the US state of Alaska has been reunited with the son they thought had been killed by mistake by police.
National League side Braintree Town have signed QPR midfielder Ryan Moore on loan for the rest of the season.
The Supreme Court has been told that the Scottish Parliament has no authority over the UK government's right to start the formal process of leaving the European Union without consulting Holyrood.
A man has been arrested by police investigating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Claims that Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams was involved in the murder of James 'Jock' Donaldson are "absolute nonsense", a lawyer for his family has said.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a World War Two British general who was sent to the Nazi death camp at Bergen-Belsen.
Police have said they are treating a suspicious object found on a street in north Belfast as "nothing untoward".
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace.
Police are investigating after an intruder broke into a nursery in Ceredigion.
The owner of B&Q, Screwfix, Brico Depot and Castorama home improvement chains, Kingfisher, has agreed to sell its stake in the business to China's Wumei Holdings.
The European Union and Canada have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark trade deal after Belgium's parliament rejected it.
Survivors of the Weston-super-Mare disaster have been telling their stories at a conference in Cardiff.
Jockey Katie Walsh will ride 11st 10lb favourite The Last Samuri in Saturday's Grand National, which will see the odds-on favourite attempt to become the first female jockey to win the race.
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie will make his professional debut at York Hall in November.
A rare bird has been captured on camera in a plastic bag on the Western Isles.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester city centre.
Nottinghamshire voted to leave the European Union by a large margin, according to the results of the referendum.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma returned to the top of Serie A with a comfortable 3-0 win at Bologna.
Audit Scotland has defended the decision by the culture secretary to award a grant to the organisers of the Balado music festival.
Anthony Joshua has the "bustish strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
The death of Jayalalitha Jayaram Jayaram, the former chief minister of India's southern state of Tamil Nadu, has left a void in the political landscape.
The remains of a man whose remains were found on the side of a motorway have been identified by police.
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a base in northern Afghanistan, the Afghan defence ministry says.
Great Britain's run to the semi-finals of the Davis Cup is an incredible achievement.
The asylum information centre in Belgrade is not the kind of place you would expect to find people smugglers and people-smugglers.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on leading the Bairns to the Championship play-offs.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the River Tewkesbury in Penzance.
Kilcoo set up an Ulster SFC semi-final against Kilcar or Glenswilly thanks in large part to a goal from Sean Johnston.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she wants to qualify for Team GB's triathlon squad for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
The Republic of Ireland's taoiseach (Irish prime minister, Enda Kenny, has announced that he will not seek re-election.
A second inquest into the death of toddler Poppi Worthington has been postponed after her father was unable to secure legal aid.
United Launch Alliance (ULA), the US company that flies the country's most powerful and cheapest rockets, has unveiled a new design for its next-generation vehicle.
The death of one of A$AP Mob's founding members was an accident, according to the New York Times.
Sheffield Rovers boss Billy Saunders says he wants to find out why striker El-Hadji Diouf was photographed in a nightclub in the lead-up to the club's Championship defeat by Southampton.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his players are not intimidated by the prospect of facing European favourites Maribor in Thursday's Europa League qualifier.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will continue to play together in Europe's Ryder Cup fourballs against the United States on Saturday.
A shortage of prime office space in Belfast city centre has led to an increase in the cost of renting space, according to commercial property agents.
On 26 March 2011, Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was hit by one of the worst nuclear disasters since Chernobyl.
A police helicopter pilot has said he was "very worried" after being blinded by a laser pointer while flying in Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips better than humans has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has been trying to reassure world leaders that the UK is still 'bold' and 'outward looking' after it leaves the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have shown that training lizards not to eat cane toads could help to reverse the spread of the deadly amphibians.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says he has no doubt about his side's ability to bounce back from their World Cup defeat by England.
Google is dropping 30-second unskippable adverts on YouTube videos, in a move aimed at reducing the number of unwanted adverts.
Wales have recalled midfielders Luke Dummett and Chris Chester for Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff.
The Equality Commission has defended its decision to take a bakery to court over their refusal to make a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan on it.
Athletics' world records could be wiped from record books if they do not meet new criteria set by European Athletics.
A man accused of forcing a man to work as a slave for £20 a day has told the Old Bailey how he was allowed to buy sweets for the youngest of his children.
A woman who was critically injured in a crash between a car and a lorry in north Belfast has died in hospital.
Rugby's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time in the sport's history.
The first female commanding officer at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst has said it was an "entirely honour" to be chosen to lead the academy.
A jewellery store in Teesside has been robbed in a raid which police believe is similar to a raid on a shop in Yarm in November.
Middlesex's Paul Stirling and Sam Robson made centuries as they helped their side fight back against Yorkshire at Lord's.
Two teenage boys who blinded a blind woman with a laser pen in an "unprovoked and senseless" attack in Edinburgh have been named by police.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had one of the "most callous killings" in 30 years, a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added fewer jobs in May than expected, as the number of people in the labour market continued to decline.
Defender Liam McAnuff says he would like to extend his stay at Reading beyond the end of the season.
Average daily steps taken by people in each of the world's countries are the highest and lowest, according to a study using smartphone data.
NHS Direct, the company that won contracts to run the controversial NHS 111 non-emergency 111 telephone service in England, has said it will not continue to provide the service in the rest of the country.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Russell Slade's future as Cardiff City manager is in doubt, says Bluebirds chief executive Mehmet Dalman.
Retailer Next has been told by the High Court in London it must pay £130m in back taxes to HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) after being found guilty of using a tax avoidance scheme.
Banksy has been nominated for an award for his work at the South Bank South Bank Sky Arts Awards, which include a visual art prize for his art installation, Sleaford Mods.
A man who tried to save the life of the MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for his "heroic actions".
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he is "relieved" after being told he has no evidence of a tumour that had affected his ability to run.
As the investigation into the Manchester Arena attack continues, it is worth bearing in mind that it is impossible to know exactly how long it will take.
Guy Martin will not take part in this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
In the aftermath of Thursday's massacre in Garissa, Kenya is still trying to come to terms with the horrific events that took place in the town, but the focus on the Islamist militant group al-Shabab is actually a sign of the country's increasingly confident, assertive sense of itself as a modern, tolerant nation.
The price of carbon permits on the European carbon market fell on Monday after a sharp fall in the price of the fuel was offset by strong demand at auction.
Ghana's government has ordered an investigation into how much money was spent on refurbishing buses to have portraits of former presidents on them.
Four people have been arrested in raids by French police investigating the recruitment of jihadists, the interior minister has said.
The Hillsborough inquests into the deaths of 96 people at the FA Cup semi-final at Hillsborough have heard that the crush at the ground was "unprecedented" at the time.
A forensic scientist who led searches for the Disappeared victims of the Troubles has died.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been approved by the county council.
The mother of a baby boy who had to have a plastic angel removed from his throat after he swallowed food he had chewed to help him swallow has said she is "traumatised" by the experience.
Singer Erykah Badu's concert in Malaysia has been cancelled after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos of the word "Allah" written in Arabic and Hebrew.
A turtle which washed up on beaches in Cumbria and Merseyside has died, an aquarium has said.
It's been a busy 12 months for England's women's cricket team.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jack Wildsmith has signed a new, undisclosed-length contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says they may need to "be patient" in re-signing striker Ryan Cook from Grimsby Town.
Luke Procter scored his maiden first-class century to give Lancashire the upper hand against Worcestershire at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side need to improve if they are to become the "number one team in the world" after winning the three-Test series in Australia.
A giant panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park is due to give birth to a cub on Saturday.
At least 36 people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest, officials say.
A woman has admitted the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £1.6m to the family of a baby girl who was seriously injured at a hospital in Cumbria.
A nine-year-old boy has been placed in foster care after a judge ruled his mother's mother and father were unfit to look after him.
The family of a woman murdered by her ex-partner have lost a Supreme Court bid to win damages from police.
Facebook has been criticised by a Belgian watchdog for not being clear about how it uses the data it collects about its users.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have been asked whether they will still be neighbours after the general election.
Community health watchdogs have been described as the "best kept secret" in the NHS in Wales.
HBO has cancelled the second season of the drama Vinyl, a musical drama based on a novel by Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline last year who was at risk of taking their own life, the charity has said.
Plans for a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by councillors.
Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the men's 100m freestyle title at the USA Swimming National Championships.
Lyon midfielder Camilo Lopes was injured when two firecrackers exploded near him during the abandonment of their French Ligue 1 match at Metz.
A man has been arrested after two men were killed in a crash between a car and a lorry in Stoke-on-Trent.
MSP Annalisa MacDonald has launched a new bid to introduce assisted suicide legislation in Scotland.
At least 40 fans were barred from watching the Major League Baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and Washington DC's Washington Nationals on Sunday after riots in the US city.
More and more countries in the world are allowing people to express third gender or gender-fluid identities.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal to restrict the country's free movement of people.
Two people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash between a car and a lorry in Powys.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been bought by Clyde Blowers Capital, a Glasgow-based investment firm led by John McColl.
In Port Talbot, it is not unusual to hear the sound of music.
A man who was a close associate of Anjem Choudary has been jailed for two years for assaulting a teenage boy and his girlfriend.
Prison in England and Wales is "less safe and less decent" than it was a year ago, according to a report by the Prison Service Trust.
A man has been charged after a number of bottles were thrown at police at a pharmacy in north Belfast.
At least 20 people are now known to have been killed in Indonesia's Aceh province, which was hit by an earthquake on Wednesday.
Armagh moved to within a point of second-placed Tipperary in Division Three of the Football League with a 3-10 to 0-11 win over Louth thanks to goals from Ryan Grimley, Ciaran Rowland and Jamie Clarke.
A woman in the French capital, Paris, has filed a lawsuit against the government, accusing it of failing to protect her from the dangers of air pollution.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 in the quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to beat them 2-1.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said gay marriage will be "at the top of his agenda" if he becomes leader of the party.
Facebook has asked the High Court in the Republic of Ireland to force the country's privacy watchdog to investigate whether the social network helps US intelligence agencies to spy on its users.
Birmingham City boss Gary Rowett has given veteran defender Robinson a new, undisclosed-length contract with the Championship club.
Firefighters have been called to homes in Dorset and Dorset where insecticide devices were being used to control pests, the fire service has said.
Foresters in Poland say storms that killed six people and damaged 45,000 hectares of forest are the worst in the country's history.
The Department of Education (DEL) has said it will use its own budget to fund the cost of voluntary redundancies in the further education sector.
Forfar Athletic moved three points clear at the top of Scottish League Two thanks to a 2-0 win at Berwick Rangers.
All original interview notes for four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry in 1979 have gone missing, the BBC has learned.
Councils should be given the power to take on the running of failing council-run schools, say local government leaders.
Taking statins to lower cholesterol levels could prevent 1,000 heart attacks a year, according to a review of the available evidence.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a successful mission to the International Space Station.
Romania won Olympic gold in the men's team epee with a comfortable victory over China in Rio.
Drivers of diesel cars could be paid to scrap their vehicles as part of plans to tackle high levels of pollution, the prime minister has said.
Dundee manager Neil McCann says the club need help to strengthen their squad ahead of the January transfer window.
The International Olympic Committee president, Thomas Bach, says he has no regrets over the decision not to ban Russia from the 2016 Olympics.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions prop John Faull has died aged 80.
A decade of sprightly economic growth and a long history of affirmative action for the most disadvantaged groups in India's society has been met with scepticism.
Tiger Woods says he is "concerned" about his ability to handle the workload after returning to competitive golf following a lengthy lay-off.
A woman has said she woke up to the news that a man had been shot in the leg outside her house in west Belfast.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand on suspicion of being a key operator on the Silk Road website, one of the world's largest online drug markets.
Plymouth Argyle moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places as David Fox's late goal gave them victory at Mansfield.
The London Sevens return to Twickenham on Saturday for the 10th and last leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon is looking forward to the challenge of leading the club back to the Scottish Premiership next season.
A man has been found dead after a hang gliding accident in East Sussex.
Defender Sean Morrison says Cardiff City need to learn lessons from their late-game errors after conceding four goals in their last three Championship games.
Zambia have the "strength and power to match Germany" in Wednesday's World Cup Group C game, says coach Claude Chambeshi.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has accused the US of trying to destabilise the country by imposing sanctions on senior officials ahead of planned controversial elections for a new constituent assembly.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and Russian President Vladimir Putin have held talks in Sochi to try to secure a strategic partnership deal between the two countries.
Police in the French capital, Paris, have evicted Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on the site of a former railway station, activists say.
Broadcaster Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a "extraordinary piece of our past" by taking over the running of a ferry and pier in Hampshire.
The family of a man who was killed in a head-on crash have said they want to build a woodland survival centre in his memory.
A garden in memory of the late Pink Floyd star Syd Barrett is to be created in Cambridge, the artist who designed it has said.
Human rights groups in the Philippines have condemned comments by presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte, in which he appeared to condone the rape and murder of a US missionary.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major's call for a second referendum on the UK's EU membership is an "absolute dismissal of democracy", a former Conservative leader has said.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a photography competition to see what they could take of Bristol at night.
More than 600,000 state and independent schools challenged their pupils' GCSE and A-level exam results in England, Wales and Northern Ireland in 2015, figures show.
Boeing has reported a sharp fall in sales and profits for the year to December, as demand for its military and commercial planes fell.
Coleraine rower Stephen Cassells has won gold in the men's lightweight pair at the European Championships in Duesseldorf.
Australia thrashed India by an innings and 10 runs to level the three-match Test series at 1-1.
The next stage for online learning is for leading universities to offer degree courses online, with invigilated exams and full degrees within five years, according to the head of one of the world's largest online courses providers.
Last year's Cheltenham Gold Cup runner-up In The Night Garden (12-1 favourite) ran out a convincing winner at Newmarket.
Irish Travellers have become genetically isolated from the rest of the population in the Republic of Ireland for the first time, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise an area of the Aberdeenshire bypass that was closed after rock falls is due to resume on Wednesday.
A man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and a woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Burrell Museum in Londonderry will reopen to the public in 2020, the council has announced.
A project to improve habitat for salmon and trout in a Cotswolds valley has been hailed a success after salmon were spotted in December.
A French court has charged Yemen's national airline, Yemenia, with violating aviation regulations after a passenger jet crashed in the Indian Ocean, killing most of the 152 people on board.
In the wake of Mitt Romney's speech on the fiscal cliff, Republican Governor Bobby Jindal has issued a stark warning to his party's presidential hopefuls.
Orlando City have completed the signing of five-time World Cup winner Marta.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has held his Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election, increasing his majority from two years ago.
Castleford Tigers head coach Jacques Frayssinous has left the club by mutual consent.
The Prince of Monaco, Prince Jacques, has been born to his wife, Princess Charlene, and her twin daughters, Gabriella and Jacques.
Women who have been raped are to be offered extra care at the Royal London Hospital's maternity clinic to help them through childbirth.
Northern Ireland sprinter Hannah Foster has qualified for the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, but Jason Smyth and James Reid were disqualified from their heats.
More than 20 people have been arrested following clashes between far-right and anti-fascist protesters in Maidstone.
Banks and accountants who help clients evade tax should face the same financial penalties as those who break the law, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country's economy is in "crisis".
UKIP's national executive has the "authority" to decide whether Nigel Farage should take a break as leader, one of the party's MPs has said.
An art collection belonging to the Wedgwood Museum has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum following a successful crowdfunding campaign.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world, with an area larger than France, Germany and Japan.
The number of children seeking help for online bullying in England and Wales has more than trebled in the past year, according to a report.
A 15-year-old girl who was abducted and sexually assaulted in Hertfordshire has been named by police.
Six cygnets have been killed by a car in County Fermanagh.
A deal has been agreed to buy a derelict Corn Exchange building in County Antrim to try to stop it being turned into a supermarket.
The prime minister's comments on the future of school sport in England have been widely criticised.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) among young people in England and Wales has risen sharply, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead despite a crash in the final stage on Sunday.
Comedian Jeremy Vine has written an open letter to a teenager who was filmed being attacked by a group of "scumbags" in Romford, east London, in 2016.
More than 70% of people in Wales have never heard of co-operative housing, according to research.
The operator of Scotland's busiest air traffic control centre has said it is preparing for the highest amount of traffic it has ever seen during the summer.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut 10,000 jobs as part of a plan to cut costs and simplify its business.
Partick Thistle moved seven points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought win over Motherwell.
Ambulances in Yorkshire have spent more time waiting to handover patients to hospitals than ever before, figures have shown.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head.
British conductor and composer Christopher Hogwood, who founded the Academy of Ancient Music, has died aged 80.
Staff at a wildlife reserve in the US state of California say they are "delighted" that a lion cub has been found in her cage.
George Osborne will try to secure German support for the UK's EU reform plans when he visits Berlin later.
An Australian mining company has been fined for damaging a sacred site in the Northern Territory.
Retailers in the UK are gearing up for one of the biggest sales days of the year - Black Friday.
A transgender woman in India's Tamil Nadu state has won a legal battle to become the state's first transgender police officer, reports say.
GAA director general Pat Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being struck by a car on the A96 in County Antrim.
A British company is developing a 3D-printed prosthetic limb that can be fitted with a custom-made socket and socket.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila will be given a "good send-off" when he leaves the club at the end of the season.
The Bernabeu is one of the most famous stadiums in the world.
Former Wrexham striker Gary Morrell has been appointed first-team coach at the Racecourse following the departure of Paul Saunders.
When it comes to shopping in London, it's hard to find anything that doesn't cost "a hell of a lot more in the US than it would cost in the UK".
Civil servants are being asked to act as volunteers to deal with planned UK border strikes, the BBC has learned.
Kenya's Mo Farah Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m in Rio as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz Cisse was beaten to the title.
Two men who were killed in a "flashover explosion" at a scrapyard in Harrogate have been named by police.
The US and UK have called on the Syrian government to allow safe air drops of humanitarian aid to besieged areas of the country.
People from working-class backgrounds are being "systematically locked out" of top jobs at elite UK firms, according to a report.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Sam Clifton on loan until January.
Former seven-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has been sued by the US government over his use of performance-enhancing drugs.
A new partnership has been launched to give families affected by rare diseases in Northern Ireland the chance to speak up for themselves.
Two Wisconsin girls accused of trying to kill a classmate in a so-called Slender Man stabbing have been ordered to stand trial as adults.
Two Native American tribes have asked the US Army to block construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, after it was granted permission to complete the final section of the controversial project.
At a campaign rally in the Hungarian capital, Budapest, in the early hours of Sunday morning, a small group of people gathered in the centre of Heroes Square to shout out their views of the country's forthcoming parliamentary elections.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with the theft of food from a factory in Torfaen.
A Danish prince has been rescued by a lifeguard on Australia's Gold Coast after getting into difficulty in the surf.
At Prime Minister's Questions, Boris Johnson said the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three.
At the age of 13, Varun Kohli set out to make the world's first humanoid robot in a kung fu competition.
Somalia's Islamist militant group, al-Shabab, has denied that more than 100 of its fighters were killed in a US air strike on its training camp last week.
A stained glass window depicting World War One and World War Two battles has been damaged by vandals.
A man has died in a crash between a car and a wall in gardens in the Black Country.
All primary school pupils in England are to be tested to ensure they know their times tables by age 11, the government has announced.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith is being investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing while mimicking Islamic prayers.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to overturn the government's decision to scrap the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenues for the six months to the end of September, helped by strong growth in emerging markets.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela's continuing protests against President Nicolas Maduro, officials say.
Production of the A380 superjumbo jet's wings has been cut to reduce the number of aircraft it will build.
One of the UK's leading drinks tycoons has said the UK would be "definitely in" to leave the European Union.
At least 20 people have been killed in the collapse of an illegal high-rise building in the western Indian city of Mumbai, police say.
The world's largest asset manager, BlackRock, is set to cut up to 1,200 jobs as part of its cost-cutting efforts, according to reports.
When Dom Dwyer was a teenager, he was playing for a non-league football club in Norfolk.
Russia's athletics federation will not be allowed to "dance on the table" if it is allowed to compete at the Rio Olympics, says the country's sports minister.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using someone else's ashes in a ceremony to scatter a family's cremated remains.
The BBC's director general is to address the BBC's critics at this year's MacTaggart Lectures at the University of Edinburgh.
The health secretary has said he will meet junior doctors' leaders this week to see if they can find a solution to their contract dispute with the government.
Hamilton Academical moved off the bottom of the Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost culture and tourism in the north of England has been launched by the government.
Serena Williams' record-breaking victory at the US Open in New York on Monday night has been hailed as the greatest moment in tennis history.
Eighteen people have been arrested in raids in New York and Italy in connection with a major international drug trafficking operation, the FBI says.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law aimed at boosting the country's black minority population.
A new code of practice for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches has come into force.
A retired woman has been told she will have to pay £18,800 to install a phone line to her holiday park home.
Alex Salmond's political career has been an extraordinary one.
Tommy Hilfiger has defended his comments about model Gigi Hadid, saying they were "completely false".
The family of the late US DJ Casey Kasem are suing his former wife, who they claim was responsible for his death.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after he was arrested at a Euro 2016 match on Monday.
Former Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been arrested on suspicion of illegally reneging on a promise to hand himself over to the UN's International Criminal Court in The Hague.
The prime minister has defended the government's refusal to offer EU nationals living in the UK a unilateral guarantee to protect their rights after Brexit.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock after an Italian defender, Paolo Pascali, was sent off in stoppage time at Rugby Park.
St Johnstone moved five points clear at the top of the Premiership with a hard-fought win at Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
England, Scotland and Fiji have qualified for the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series in New Zealand.
Google has released a new system to reduce the number of "captcha" puzzles that websites ask people to complete in order to prove they are real people.
Paralympic sprinter Jason Smyth says he wants to give himself another chance to compete at the 2016 Olympics after failing to qualify for London 2012.
More than 100 Irish Gypsy partygoers have been removed from a golf club after police were called to deal with a "large scale disturbance" at the venue.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has appeared before the Welsh Affairs Select Committee to answer questions from MPs about the impact of Brexit.
A County Antrim-based restaurant chain, Boojum, which serves Mexican food, has been sold to a County Galway-based investment firm.
A 19-year-old man from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk website hack, police have said.
A Russian warplane has been shot down by Turkish jets near the border with Syria, the Russian and Turkish military say.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Iraqi city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla will miss the rest of the season with a foot injury.
Trainer Michelle Harrington's horse Our Duke, ridden by Robbie Power, has won the Queen Mother Champion Chase at Punchestown.
Cafodd hefyd ysgoloriaeth i fynd i chwarae pêl-droed yn y Gymraeg Cymru, yn ôl ym Môn.
More than 100 NHS trusts in England have been rated "outstanding" or "good" for improving safety, the health secretary has announced.
A disabled man has been seriously injured in a "particularly vicious attack" by intruders who broke into his home in Dundee.
A driver has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree.
Iranians have reacted angrily to revelations that senior officials at Iran's state insurance company were being paid obscenely high salaries.
Wildlife rangers in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have arrested two people who tried to rescue a baby bison calf.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.8% in the year to March, according to the latest official figures, driven by rising house prices in London and the South East.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are to be balloted for industrial action in a row over changes to their contracts.
National League side Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davies on a two-year deal.
British number two Heather Watson's contract with coach Alberto Veronelli has been terminated by mutual consent.
The attack on the US-led convoy of aid convoys in Syria appears to have undermined the ceasefire deal that was meant to bring an end to hostilities in the country.
Two British teenagers have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that Canada needs him "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new, undisclosed-length contract with the club.
"When you start a business, you are not considered an entrepreneur," says Elizabeth Terry.
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year-old boy with a rare skin colour change could have been more curious about his symptoms, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new birding centre on the edge of Nottinghamshire's Sherwood Forest have been criticised by conservationists.
A letter from Vladimir Putin and George W Bush thanking a North Tyneside man for helping to film their historic summit of world leaders is to be auctioned.
A Singapore museum has returned a bronze sculpture of a Hindu goddess that was allegedly stolen from an Indian temple.
More than 1,000 rail passengers were treated to a luxury Pullman train service from Kent to London Victoria on Saturday morning.
World number one Luke Donald says he asked himself whether he wanted to continue playing golf after falling out of the top 50 in the world rankings.
On the eve of the Cuban Revolution in 1959, a steamship docked in La Gloria, Cuba's most northerly point on the island.
Voters go to the polls on 5 May 2013 to choose their preferred council to represent their views.
Dementia rates in men appear to be falling faster than in women, according to new research.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a High Court ruling that a father did not break the law by taking his daughter on holiday in term time.
An appeal to raise money for Santa's Little Helpers has been launched in memory of a Derry man who dedicated his life to helping children in need.
The body of a German woman killed fighting against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been flown back to Germany.
The UK needs a "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country", Theresa May has said, as she launched her bid to become prime minister.
A referee has died after being hit by a player's punch during a youth football game in the US state of Michigan, police say.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in the US state of New Jersey.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise a teenager in the wake of the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist in India has been arrested after he published an article claiming that the government had banned Muslims from teaching yoga abroad.
UK scientists have measured for the first time the effect of the tides on the surface of Loch Ness, Scotland's largest lake.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 people killed in the Shoreham Airshow crash has been delayed while a decision by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) on whether to bring charges is awaited.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing £112,000 by blowing up cash machines in Aberdeenshire.
Australia's most senior Catholic bishop has accused the country's popes and archbishops of sending out the wrong message about child sex abuse.
Celtic remain keen to re-sign England Under-20 midfielder Patrick Roberts from French Ligue 1 side Nice.
An engineer who built an insect-like robot to look like it could be used to explore the sea floor has said he hopes it will inspire people.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a survey.
Pope Francis is embarking on his first trip to Africa since becoming the first Pope to visit the continent since the 9/11 attacks.
The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he would regret any tax deals Luxembourg made with multinational companies that may have led to non-taxable profits.
Scotland's Laura Muir set a new Scottish record for the women's mile at the IPC Athletics European Championships in Belgrade.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's late equaliser earned Championship side Newcastle an FA Cup third-round replay at Championship side Birmingham City.
Mark Cavendish says Team GB were "a victim of their own success" after Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won Olympic gold in the men's road race in London.
It's hard to believe it's been 19 years since they first appeared on Top of the Pops.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on a place in the ATP World Tour doubles final.
A pedestrian who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island's beaches.
A blanket ban on so-called "legal highs" is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
It was a year of chaos, controversy and controversy for Roger Goodell and the National Football League (NFL).
A nurse who secretly filmed himself raping women in hospital and volunteering at a music festival has been sacked from his job.
The European Tour has confirmed that next year's Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal.
Yorkshire opener Jack Leaning scored his first first-class century of the season to help his side fight back against Lancashire at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda has said it will increase the price it pays to farmers for their milk from Monday.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised to customers who were left unable to use unofficial ink cartridges to print on its printers.
A US judge has ruled in favour of the Los Angeles Clippers owner, Donald Sterling, in his fight against his estranged wife's decision to sell the team.
A school has been forced to close after 26 pupils and staff were forced to go home because of a norovirus outbreak.
The Presiding Officer of the National Assembly for Wales has called for more people to register to vote in May's elections.
Environmentalists have criticised Royal Dutch Shell's plans to resume drilling for oil and gas in the Arctic after two years of delays.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was murdered outside her constituency surgery.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "firm response" to those who endanger human lives by throwing stones, fire-bombs and explosives, after the death of a teenager in Jerusalem.
The Republic of Ireland's president will ask the Supreme Court on Wednesday whether to refer a controversial new abortion law to the country's highest court.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat have agreed to hand back their pagers in protest at the closure of the station.
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara made a century as the hosts dominated the first day of their County Championship game against Nottinghamshire at The Oval.
Championship club Wolves have been sold to Chinese investment group Fosun International.
Competition among birds and bees for nesting sites could explain why some species are thriving while others are struggling to survive, say scientists.
The Prince of Wales has told the Royal Military Academy that the world is "moving into uncharted waters" at a time when the profession of arms is facing "unprecedented challenges".
Leicester City have completed the signing of Algerian international Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre.
The US has closed its embassy in Yemen after a US drone strike in the country killed four suspected al-Qaeda operatives, in one of the deadliest attacks since the 9/11 attacks.
Scotland full-back Jonny Gray hopes his side can build a winning habit in the Six Nations after their impressive start to the championship.
The number of visitors to Northern Ireland from the Republic of Ireland may have been affected by recent parades and flags, according to a new report.
"Rodrigo was a very good football player," says the coach of Brazil's Street Child World Cup squad, who first met the teenager living on the streets of Fortaleza.
A man who was arrested after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA has been released on bail.
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, saying he will "never forget her".
Up to 1,090 new homes could be built in York to meet the city's need for affordable housing, according to a report.
A UK-based radio station, which was launched in Zimbabwe in March last year, has broadcast its last news bulletin.
NHS England has failed to increase funding for children's mental health services in England, campaigners say.
A Denbighshire town is "putting itself on the map" as the UK's Eurovision Song Contest hopefuls prepare to take to the stage.
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos full-back Ryan Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year when you're looking for ways to get active and challenge yourself to try new sports and activities.
The BBC's Women of Africa series, Power Women, features women who are leading their countries in business.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an alleged attack on a US diplomat in Moscow in June, the State Department says.
Ben Stokes' heroics with the bat and the ball helped England beat India by seven wickets in the second one-day international in Kolkata to level the three-match series.
A police watchdog is to investigate Northamptonshire Police's handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found at a house in Northampton.
The UK government has been accused of violating human rights by failing to fund investigations into killings by security forces in Northern Ireland's Troubles.
On this week's episode of Disability Works, we look at how technology is changing the way we all interact with computers.
A teenager has been arrested by counter-terrorism officers investigating the disappearance of two brothers who are believed to have travelled to Syria.
Defending champion Giles Scott missed out on a second gold medal at the World Cup Series of Diving event in Malta.
Hundreds of Royal Marines have taken part in the Freedom of Yeovil Town Day parade.
A man whose car was stolen has said he was told by police there were no lines of inquiry.
Sixty-year-old Kechara Khong's mission is to find and feed the hungry in Malaysia's slum areas.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farouk Abdullahi looks at efforts to improve the quality of education in Nigeria.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning for tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two people have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan was a "manmade disaster" that could not have been foreseen or prevented, an independent report has concluded.
The Football Association's chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will stand down in June 2017.
NatWest and RBS have warned their business customers that they may have to pay interest on their accounts in the event of the Bank of England cutting interest rates.
Ministers have been defeated in their bid to relax Sunday trading rules in England and Wales.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Portland Trailblazers to win the best-of-seven NBA play-off series.
Former Liverpool midfielder Conor Coady says his former club Wolves have a "great chance" of beating the Reds at Anfield on Saturday.
A bar in County Londonderry where a man died has been closed.
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a fish he had won at a fair.
Albania have been banned from hosting Serbia in Euro 2016 qualifiers after Uefa ruled they forfeited a World Cup qualifier in Belgrade.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced a new sponsorship deal with one of the world's largest energy companies.
Newport County suffered a 2-0 defeat by Barry Town in their final pre-season friendly as they were beaten 2-1 by Wrexham in the National League.
Pakistan have been given permission to tour India for the World Twenty20 qualifiers in March and April.
Midfielder James Morrison says Birmingham City need to learn to hold on to leads better if they are to avoid the disappointment of manager Gary Rowett.
Brazil's interim President, Michel Temer, has vowed to restore peace and unite the country after the Senate voted to impeach his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff.
The founding of China's first dynasty may have been the result of a massive outburst flood, according to new evidence.
A Florida teenager has been charged with illegally practising as a doctor after allegedly posing as a naturopath.
Rafael Nadal is one of the most successful tennis players in history.
The number of skier days taken by the snowsports industry in Scotland in the 2014-15 season has been estimated to be the lowest since records began.
Two police officers have been found guilty of drug dealing after they were caught on camera talking about drug dealing on duty.
Lancashire are getting a "wake-up call" in their bid to avoid relegation from Division One, says head coach Ashley Giles.
A convicted killer who raped and robbed a woman in a "sadistic" sex attack has been jailed for life.
Cornwall head coach Graham Dawe says the future of the County Championship final at Twickenham is in the balance.
US actor Matthew McConaughey has been used by the University of Texas at Austin to pick up some of its students who are walking home late at night.
Ghana's parliament has passed a new law that will require officials to hand over their state-owned property after the country's presidential election.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said the inner cities of black America are in the "worst shape they've ever been in before" and pledged to rebuild them.
Former Peterborough United manager and player-coach Chris Turner has died aged 69.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the Aberdeenshire coast.
Lawyers for the owners of a County Antrim bakery who refused to make a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan have failed in a bid to refer the case to the Supreme Court.
More than 121,000 Labour supporters have been banned from voting in the general election amid claims they are "Tory infiltrators", the party has said.
The family of a US doctor who was violently removed from a United Airlines plane after refusing to give up his seat say they are "horrified and shocked" by the incident.
Former Labour MP Harriet Harman has said she is "concerned" by the "lack of oversight" of the killing of an Aberdeen man in Syria.
An amateur boxing organisation in Wales is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to a report by auditors.
Three schools in Edinburgh have been closed as a precautionary measure after a wall at one collapsed during Storm Oxgangs.
A German woman is suing drug giant Bayer, claiming it failed to warn her of the dangers of its contraceptive pill Yasminelle, which she says caused her to develop a severe form of thrombosis in 2009.
Passengers at one of London's busiest Tube stations are being encouraged to stand on both sides of an escalator as part of a trial to reduce queues.
Victims of asbestos-related mesothelioma who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation from a new fund, the government has announced.
A nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has narrowly rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, which would have stripped 22 million Americans of health insurance.
Judy Churcher, the former director of Australia's national art gallery, has died aged 87.
Moody's, one of the three main credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's communist Khmer Rouge regime have gone on trial for genocide and crimes against humanity.
Richard Clarke Neville, best known for writing for Oz magazine, has died aged 91, his wife Julie Clarke Neville has said.
Bristol City midfielder Jake Clarke and defender Kodi Skalak have agreed to play for Guernsey for a month.
There is "no threat" to EU migrants working in the UK after the UK leaves the EU, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A missing cat has been reunited with his family after being found at a pet supermarket.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a goal celebration has been offered to pay for the repairs.
The Home Office has asked takeaway restaurants in the Isle of Wight to prove their workers were not illegally working in the UK.
Sebastian Vettel beat Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber to win the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight Police has been named as Sarah Pinkney.
Belfast bantamweight Sean McComb has won Ireland's first gold medal of the European Championships after beating Russia's Ruslan Gadzhimagomedov in Saturday's semi-final in Kiev.
Scott Brewster is looking forward to representing Scotland at the European Curling Championships at Braehead in November after securing his rink's place at the event.
Donegal will take on Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland qualifier at Croke Park.
There has been so much talk about when the UK's EU referendum will take place.
The theme tune to Dad's Army theme tune has been used in the House of Commons to poke fun at the government's handling of Brexit.
Derby County striker Darren Bent says his side will go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence" after coming off the bench for the first time in three months.
It's been another busy weekend in the entertainment world, with the Baftas, the Grammys, New York Fashion Week and Carpool Karaoke.
Partick Thistle's winless streak extended to seven games as they were held to a draw by Ross County at Firhill.
Residents in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have fled their homes after shelling by pro-Russian rebels.
Archaeologists have revealed the fate of the largest Roman mosaics ever found in the UK.
The idea that Holyrood should have full control of income tax and the power to increase benefits and old age pensions is most popular among Scots, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The head of Coca-Cola Africa, Dr John Adesina, has been awarded the World Food Prize for his work to improve the quality and quantity of food in Africa.
A firearms officer has been issued with a warning by Police Scotland after being seen carrying a gun in Inverness railway station.
The El Nino weather event is set to be the strongest on record in 2016, the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) has warned.
Scientists in the US say they have made the first living, functioning, genetically engineered kidneys that can be transplanted into animals.
Apple has been ordered by a US court to pay a fine for allegedly violating a patent owned by US chipmaker Intel.
A steam train is set to run between Settle and Carlisle to mark the re-opening of a railway line in Cumbria.
If you want to challenge yourself to run a 5k in the new Couch to 5K Challenge, you won't have to do it alone - you can enlist the help of celebrities to help you along the way.
A wildlife charity has said it needs to "move with the times" to ensure it can continue to educate the public about the importance of marine life.
Passengers leaving the UK by air, sea and ferry are being asked to pass exit checks in a bid to help the government track suspected criminals and terrorists.
Great Britain's Olympic bronze medallist Beth Tweddle says it was a "wonderful moment" to win her first medal of the London 2012 Games.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ben Pearce from Oldham Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Pop star Madness has said it is a "privilege" to have been involved in the restoration of Hastings Pier.
An Australian man has been sentenced to life in jail for the murder of his ex-wife, who was stabbed to death in a cafe in Sydney.
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs he tried to keep the BBC Trust informed about a £1m pay-off given to the corporation's outgoing director general.
Hamilton Academical missed the chance to move into the Premiership's top six as they were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his players' attitude after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a police station in Greater Manchester.
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson insists he is not ready to take charge at Ibrox.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for insulting a female colleague.
Australia has asked Israel to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Palestinian man in Dubai.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to five years in jail for embezzlement.
More than 70 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea, officials say.
England's women won their first Six Nations title since 2012 with a bonus-point victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least 11 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the border town of Arsal in the Qalamoun region of northern Lebanon, officials say.
The Brownie and Guide oath has been replaced with a new pledge that no longer refers to God.
The number of illegal immigrants detained and arrested at the UK ports of Dover and Folkestone is at its highest level since 2012, figures show.
A tourist visiting Gibraltar may soon be able to find out more about the Rock of Gibraltar in real-time via his mobile phone.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here star Dominic Wright is close to buying a stake in non-league side Bilbicay Town, according to the club's chief executive.
Bradford City maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season as they came from behind to beat Rochdale.
A firm has been fined £75,000 after a worker was seriously injured when he was crushed by a forklift truck.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards in its response to the economic crisis, according to a new report.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for action to improve the quality of education in England's schools.
Archaeologists have found evidence that the ancestors of present-day Basques are descended from early settlers of Iberia who mixed with local hunter-gatherers.
Burton Albion have released six players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's almost time for 2016 to come to an end!
Welsh Labour's most senior minister has said he still wants Jeremy Corbyn to become prime minister, despite not being a fan.
A new sixth form college is set to open in Flintshire as part of a major overhaul of education.
Burnley have signed striker Robbie Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Ruben Aguirre, one of Mexico's best-known actors, has died in the north-eastern town of Puerto Vallarta.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed former Salford Red Devils head coach Kevin Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and paramedics following a psychotic episode following the birth of her daughter was "enthralled by motherhood", an inquest has heard.
Manchester United are close to signing Ivory Coast defender Eric Bailly from Spanish side Villarreal, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" in countries where cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad have been published in satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife, Magda, decided to start their own business, they had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
Visitors to the Maze in London have been given the chance to solve one of the world's most famous crimes - Sherlock Holmes!
Apple's court order to help the FBI find the killers of 14 people in the San Bernardino shootings is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the UK's Prince Al Hussein has said.
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency in parts of the state to deal with the spread of toxic algae that has appeared in rivers and beaches.
Broadchurch will not return for any future series, the show's creator has confirmed.
The owner of Merlin Attractions is to be prosecuted over a crash on the Smiler rollercoaster at Alton Towers.
The Ospreys say they will review their coaching blueprint following the departure of director of rugby Steve Johnson.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick as Leicester Tigers earned a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso to make it two wins out of two.
Clermont Auvergne back-row Sam Abendanon has called on the Rugby Football Union (RFU) to allow more English-based players to play for England.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has dropped to its lowest level on record, according to a new survey.
Who do you think is the greatest boxer of all time?
The former City of London's special representative to the EU has accused France of trying to undermine the UK's ability to negotiate a "hard Brexit".
When Michael O'Neill first took charge of Northern Ireland in 2012, he had to hitch-hike with German football fans to scout for the team.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored late goals as Leeds United moved to within a point of Championship leaders Hull City with victory over Burton Albion.
Alex Hales hit a record-breaking 109 not out for Nottinghamshire in their T20 Blast win over Durham.
A British man who raised Â£25,000 to help a terminally ill Yemeni girl with cancer has said he is "overwhelmed" by her "inspiring" story.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side need to improve after their heavy defeat by Worcestershire.
A lifeboat crew member has been removed from duty after a row with the island's volunteer coxswain.
Palaeontologists have discovered the earliest evidence of the earliest signs of life inside the eggs of dinosaurs that once roamed the Earth.
Northern Ireland's football team have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals thanks to their 1-0 win over Spain in the first round of qualifying.
The deaths of 20 people at a Cumbria hospital were the result of a "shocking catalogue of missed opportunities", an investigation has found.
A Florida prosecutor has dropped a case against a Trump campaign manager accused of assaulting a reporter at a Florida rally for the Republican presidential candidate.
Jaguar Land Rover has long been one of the world's best-known makers of off-road vehicles, but it has never been able to shake off the image of its classic Defender sports utility vehicle.
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son Kian in a bath has told a court she was "stupid for not going upstairs to check on him".
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud following a by-election in which a Liberal Democrat councillor lost his seat.
Dismaland organisers have said they have been "overwhelmed" by the response to their appeal to raise money and supplies for a migrant camp in Calais.
Rafael Nadal's Real Madrid team have condemned as "unjustifiable and unacceptable" a claim the Spaniard tested positive for a banned substance.
A US aircraft carrier that was due to arrive in the Western Pacific over the weekend has failed to materialise, the US military says.
Two men have been remanded in custody charged with the murder of a man in the Republic of Ireland.
Some of Bedfordshire's police stations could be closed and replaced with more accessible facilities in public areas such as supermarkets, the county's police and crime commissioner has said.
Ivo Karlovic upset Novak Djokovic to reach the semi-finals of the Italian Open with a 6-3 6-4 win over the Serb in Rome.
Plans to build a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have moved a step closer after funding was secured to carry out a traffic study.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo from Portuguese side Benfica for an undisclosed fee.
The Great North Run is one of the biggest sporting events in the world.
Exeter City boss Phil Collins has revealed how close the League Two side came to signing striker Marcus Rashford from Manchester United last season.
A former Sri Lankan defence minister has been charged with corruption over the discovery of an underground arsenal of weapons and ammunition.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended an ad in which features him blowing on smoke from a toy gun in the aftermath of the Orlando nightclub shooting.
NHS England is to cap the cost of new drugs that can be given to patients if they cost more than £20m a year.
Jordan Clark's late goal gave Accrington Stanley a 2-1 win at Bradford as they ended the Bantams' unbeaten start to the League One season.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex bowler Harry Podmore on loan for the rest of the season.
Stourbridge manager Gary Hackett says his side's FA Cup win over League Two side Northampton Town is one of the club's greatest ever FA Cup victories.
Besiktas fans were banned from watching their Europa League game against Lyon after flares and fireworks were set off at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Millions of savers may not be protected from paying compensation if they lose access to savings accounts, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has warned.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Cameron Surman on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Dundee United and Carlisle United midfielder Prince Buaben.
Wales Under-20s ended their Four Nations campaign with a bonus-point win over Italy.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing in Dublin 16 years ago have begun a new search for his remains.
Boreham Wood have been awarded a grant from the Premier League to help fund improvements to their Hive ground.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has renewed its kit sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for next season.
Ed Miliband has said he wants to "put the interests of business first" as he launched Labour's campaign to keep Britain in the European Union.
Leicester Tigers' Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-final win over Saracens will be the catalyst to kick-start their Premiership title challenge, says assistant coach Chris Murphy.
Eastleigh's winless start to the National League season continued as they were held to a 1-0 defeat by Macclesfield.
Three brothers have been given jail sentences for drug offences including possession of cocaine with intent to supply.
The British teenager behind Yahoo's award-winning app Summly, which summarises the day's news, has revealed plans to bring the software to Apple's new smartwatches.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is a doubt for the visit of Southampton after picking up an ankle injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace.
The Queen's ability to mimic Norfolk accents has been praised by her cousin.
A man has surrendered to police after allegedly threatening staff at a bank in Birmingham with a firearm.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley town centre.
Mark Scott has resigned as British swimming's performance director following the publication of a damning report into the team's performance at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling won Olympic gold in the men's 200m freestyle as Michael Phelps failed to defend his men's 4x100m medley title in Rio.
A seven-year-old boy has applied to the Football Association to be England's next football manager.
An MP has called for a review of the Dangerous Dogs Act after the death of a boy who was mauled to death by a dog which was not banned under the law.
Former world champion Gary Davis suffered a 10-1 defeat by Italy's Marco Fuentes in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship.
A man has been stabbed to death by a gang of men in north Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after her back legs became stuck in an electric chair.
Eleven endangered animals have been fined after they were found at an animal sanctuary in Ceredigion.
The Islamic State group has confirmed the death of Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of its most senior media chiefs.
A man has been jailed for killing his partner by punching her on a platform at a Dorset railway station.
A woman has been killed in a collision between a bus and a wall at a bus depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who was killed in a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as Willie Baker.
Jenson Button could leave McLaren to replace Valtteri Bottas at Williams in 2016.
Roger Moore has said his approach to playing James Bond was influenced by Sean Connery's portrayal of the secret agent in the James Bond films.
Thousands of elderly and disabled people in Scotland are having to wait longer than six weeks for council care services to be put in place, according to research.
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares to help map the UK's mammal population.
More than 750 puppies were sold on the internet as "home-reared" puppies, a court has heard.
Four British men have appeared in court in connection with raids in six European countries as part of an investigation into a terror cell in Iraq and Syria.
Amazon has launched a new video streaming service that will let people watch traditional UK TV channels for free.
The Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has allowed online travel websites to offer discount hotel room deals after an investigation into the practice.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower on Thursday, with shares in Old Mutual falling sharply after it reported weaker-than-expected results.
Pop star Taylor Swift's song Shake It Off has been banned from this year's Triple J Hottest 100.
Wakefield Wildcats have been given six months' notice to find a new home for 2016, says the club's chief executive Gary Carter.
The Duke of Cambridge has said the Queen is "the best role model I could have in front of me".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is "sorry our league had to endure" after being cleared to play in the 2015 NFL season.
Japan's most popular messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
A paramedic who groped a colleague's breast while flirting with her has been banned from the profession for life.
A parish council has said it will fight to save a sports centre which has been threatened with closure.
The body of a Russian consul has been found at his home in the Greek island of Zakynthos, near Athens.
Renault says it has told Formula 1 authorities it will not supply Red Bull with engine power next year.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group involving the BBC, the council, the universities and other agencies should be set up to look at possible sites for the broadcaster's new headquarters.
Two people have been rescued from a tree after getting stuck trying to rescue their dog.
A spate of break-ins at an industrial estate in Birmingham is "destroying businesses", according to those who run them.
An Indian official's statement that a man could be prosecuted for staring at a woman for more than 14 seconds has gone viral on social media.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth will co-host this year's Children In Need special, the BBC has announced.
The UK is to extend free trade agreements with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed dressage rider has become the first person to complete the Great North Run wearing a robotic exoskeleton.
At least eight people have been killed in an attack on the headquarters of the National Directorate of Security (NDS) in the centre of the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A sharp rise in property prices in China has led to a surge in the number of people trying to break up with their partners to buy their own homes.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in the garden of his Nottinghamshire home.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been accused by the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) of "crippling the state".
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes in public places, including schools, will be introduced in Wales, the Welsh government has announced.
Liverpool are "one of the superpowers of football" and the owners do not need to sell Raheem Sterling, says manager Brendan Rodgers.
Retired is not an option for many people in Hong Kong.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in the energy and technology sectors as oil prices rose.
Great Britain will host the European Blind and visually-impaired judo championships in May.
The trust that runs County Hospital in Stoke-on-Trent has been rated as "critical" by the health watchdog.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he respects the Rugby Football Union's decision to appoint Gregor Townsend as his successor.
WhatsApp has been ordered by a German data watchdog to allow its users' data to be shared with parent company Facebook.
Friends star Matthew Perry is set to appear in a one-off TV special to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the hit US sitcom.
Wales football fans have paid tribute to their team after they were knocked out of Euro 2016 in the semi-finals.
More than 200 people have visited mosques across the UK as part of a campaign to "de-mystify" Islam.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by England's managerial vacancy.
A UK exit from the EU would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy, G20 leaders including IMF chief Christine Lagarde have warned.
A former soldier who was awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for his actions in 2005 has said he is struggling to get help for his post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
The US Secret Service has said it is aware of Donald Trump's remarks about the Second Amendment after he appeared to suggest gun rights supporters could stop his opponent, Hillary Clinton, taking power.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign to highlight the hypocrisy of Liberal Democrat MPs who promised to oppose tuition fees but then voted to increase them.
Hundreds of Nigerian women and children are being trafficked to the UK to be used as sex slaves, the UK's new anti-slavery commissioner has said.
Older people who spend long periods of time sitting may be making themselves physically older, a study suggests.
At least two people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in Turkey's western cities of Izmir and Istanbul.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of this year, according to new figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme to encourage people to read more books, author Neil Gaiman has said.
An MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with rape.
A fire has gutted part of a secondary school where GCSE students were due to collect their exam results.
Worcester Warriors captain Stuart Hogg says their new pitch at Sixways will give them an "added advantage" as they prepare for their 2016-17 campaign.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed little changed, with banks and pharmaceutical companies leading the way as uncertainty over the outcome of the UK general election continued to rattle investors.
A hospital in Los Angeles has confirmed that it had to pay a ransom to hackers who locked its computer systems and demanded a payment to unlock them.
British eventer Emily Gilruth, who was seriously injured in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials, is "progressing steadily" after being admitted to an intensive care unit.
The brother of a Scottish man murdered by Islamic State militants in Syria has said his brother's death was the "worst day" of his life.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair a new Commons select committee to examine the appointment of a new clerk of the House of Commons.
The daughter of the mother of the first baby to be born on an air ambulance has joined Loganair as a cabin crew attendant.
Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for saying the death of Osama Bin Laden was a "tragedy" similar to the 9/11 attacks.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie is to direct and produce a film about the former head of Kenya's wildlife service, John Leakey.
The long-running animated comedy Family Guy will stay on BBC Three for at least another two years.
Wreaths will be laid in the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland by the new prime minister.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the UK's richest couple, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former MP and author Howard Marks, who wrote a best-selling autobiography about drug smuggling, has died aged 69.
Somerset captain Ryan Rogers says his side were not serious contenders for the County Championship title despite losing by two wickets to Middlesex.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney was told last month that the Scottish government would have to balance its budget next year.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the UK honours system could be used to remove Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood.
Jose Mourinho's first game as Manchester United manager ended in a bust-up with Chelsea boss Antonio Conte.
Alloa Athletic boss Lee Goodwin says taking himself out of the playing side of the team has helped his side's promotion push.
Claudio Ranieri's reign as Leicester City manager began with a dream come true, but it has turned into a nightmare.
An inquest into the death of a man who died from measles has been opened and adjourned after a post-mortem examination failed to establish the cause of his death.
A teenager accused of murdering Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he "probably did agree" with comments he made about her killer.
MPs have voted in favour of the bill that will allow the UK to formally notify the European Union of its intention to leave the EU.
The government has "swallowed a line" over claims high street shops in London and the South East will be "forced to close" by changes to business rates, an MP has said.
Dover maintained their push for the National League play-off places with a 2-0 win over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new contract to stay with the club until the end of the 2017 season.
Firefighters involved in the rescue of victims of the Smiler rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers have described the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers".
South Africa's competition commission has launched an investigation into major international banks over the alleged rigging of the country's foreign exchange markets.
Welsh Olympic bronze medallist Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future".
More than 125 drivers a day have been caught speeding on the M4 in Neath Port Talbot since new cameras went into operation.
More than 1,000 cannabis plants have been seized by police in County Meath.
Russia's upper house of parliament, the Duma, is considering two bills that would allow the country to grant citizenship to people living in areas of the country's former Soviet neighbours.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to be proud of" in the state of Scotland's education system.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Edinburgh after he dropped him off in the centre of the city.
A former soldier has been jailed after being found with a number of guns and ammunition at his home in Herefordshire.
A new unisex toilet for men and women in central China's capital, Beijing, is set to open in November, officials say.
Germany is not the kind of country where you hear about politicians caught with prostitutes in the corridors of power.
Tim Peake's mission to the International Space Station (ISS) will be the latest in a series of experiments to be conducted in space.
Defender Joey Bartley says Leeds United boss Pep Guardiola has been a key factor in their defensive improvement.
The Scottish government has approved plans to demolish and rebuild the main stand at Tynecastle as part of a multi-million pound project to expand the stadium.
In Brilon, in Germany's North Rhine-Westphalia state, on the banks of the River Elbe, there is little sign that Angela Merkel is in town.
Russia's ambassador to Ukraine has accused the US of "interfering flagrantly and unilaterally" in the country's internal affairs, in a newspaper interview ahead of a meeting with President Vladimir Putin.
A man who was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire has been named by police.
The Welsh government has welcomed a Supreme Court ruling that it can set minimum wages for agricultural workers in Wales.
Liam Payne and Niall Horan have confirmed they're staying in One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has given his approval to a controversial bill that would allow women to have safe abortions in cases of rape and incest.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to foreign aid, saying it is time to give it up.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Fulham midfielder Christian Christensen on an undisclosed-length loan deal.
A former Miami Dolphins football player has been rescued after his boat capsized in the Atlantic Ocean.
Talks to resolve the legacy of the Troubles in Northern Ireland have failed to reach an agreement, a senior PSNI officer has said.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music.
Britain's Heather Watson and Liam Broady both lost in the first round of the Wuhan Open in China.
Thailand's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that cost the state billions of dollars.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely clear" he wants to be the first prime minister in a generation to "under-promise and over-deliver" on his election pledges.
Plans have been submitted to the Scottish Borders Council to build a new school campus in the Jedburgh area of the Borders.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his chicken impression, has died aged 91.
Leyton Orient's winless start to the League Two season came to an end with a 3-0 defeat at Crawley.
A boy with autism whose only form of communication is an iPad has had his world "turned upside down" after it was stolen from his family's home.
The UK economy is likely to grow by less than expected in 2017, according to a leading economic think tank.
A new venture has launched in Edinburgh to take people on guided walking tours of the city centre.
The families of two prisoners who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a High Court bid for a judicial review of the governor's actions.
Have you been affected by the earthquake in Nepal?
Critics have given The Dark Knight Rises, the latest Batman film, five stars out of five.
National League side Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Ryan Hurst on loan until January.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced, with a host of female acts.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended lower, with mining and energy-related shares dragging the market lower, while the pound was higher against the dollar and the euro.
More than 4,000 athletes failed to test for doping at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, a report has found.
A Muslim advocacy group in Washington DC has been evacuated after a suspicious package containing a white powder was sent to its Washington DC office.
Tributes have been paid to a "fantastic mother" and "best woman I could have ever wished to meet" after her body was found at a house in south London.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, who founded one of the country's best-known clothing companies, has gone missing.
The BBC has a reputation for being very good at keeping secrets.
NHS staff in Wales are "frustrated" that it is taking so long to bring in an electronic prescribing system, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after it reported a fall in half-year profits and raised its cost-cutting target.
A heritage railway in the Cairngorms has appealed for help to raise funds for the construction of a new level crossing.
The German press is urging Britain not to vote to leave the European Union.
A nurse who posted sexually explicit comments on Facebook about a patient has been sacked for gross misconduct.
A new musical set in Nigeria has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has defended its treatment of musicians and the music industry in a row over the amount they are paid for streaming music on the site.
A woman who was scammed out of £50,000 by scammers pretending to be from her solicitor has been featured on the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
A driver has been taken to hospital following a crash between a car and a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have recreated the movements of one of the world's largest dinosaurs, which lived in the Jurassic period.
Chile's foreign minister has called on Venezuela to release a journalist who has been detained since last week.
Dogs should be banned from beaches in Dumfries and Galloway as part of plans to tackle littering, according to the results of a survey.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
More than 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans are being sought to be added to a memorial to those who served in the RAF during the conflict.
Motorists are being warned to expect delays as millions of people head out for the Easter weekend.
At least 18 people have been killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a lorry in northern Germany, officials say.
Sussex all-rounder Steven Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England were beaten by nine wickets by Pakistan in the World Twenty20 final at Old Trafford as the visitors completed a 10-wicket victory to complete a 3-0 series win.
A plaque has been unveiled in Wigan to remember a teacher who was stabbed to death in the town's park.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "proud" of Leanne Wood as Plaid Cymru leader and pledged to work with her "in the best interests of our two countries".
Police are appealing for witnesses after a train guard was spat at by a passenger on board a train from Dunblane to Edinburgh.
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a senior politician to life in jail for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots.
Bangladesh's home minister has said the men who carried out Saturday's deadly cafe attack in the country were members of a banned militant group.
Conor McGregor will be allowed to wear 8oz gloves in his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August.
Australia's highest court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors half-back Ben Flower has been banned for six months after being found guilty of violent conduct by a disciplinary panel for elbowing Huddersfield Giants' Kevin Sinfield.
Nasa, the US space agency, has announced its plans to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a sharp fall in revenue, but shares in other technology firms rose.
Nigeria's military says it has freed all the hostages held by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-eastern Sambisa Forest.
Israel's Jerusalem planning committee has postponed a vote on whether to approve the building of new homes in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Ajax maintained their pursuit of Feyenoord at the top of the Dutch Eredivisie with a 3-1 win at bottom club PEC Zwolle, with former Netherlands striker Patrick Kluivert Sr making his debut.
The number of house sales fell in June, according to the latest official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
Hampshire firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan.
Edinburgh is preparing to welcome in the best of the world's leading artists, performers and performers to the Scottish capital.
A teenage boy who raped and sexually abused five girls has been jailed for 10 years.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank has been replaced as part of an overhaul of the Roman Catholic Church's finances.
Jeremy Corbyn looks set to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to former PM Thaksin Shinawatra and his family.
JP Morgan has confirmed plans to move jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for the UK leaving the European Union.
Olympic champion Greg Rutherford set a new British record in the men's long jump to win at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Overfeeding babies and young children may be putting them at greater risk of becoming overweight or obese, research suggests.
The Northern Ireland Assembly elections will be held in May, the Electoral Commission has announced.
A woman who successfully appealed for a drug to be made available on the NHS to treat her breast cancer has said she felt like a "beast protecting her cubs".
Tranmere Rovers kept up the pressure on National League leaders Forest Green Rovers with a convincing 4-1 win at Dover.
A Blackpool fan has been given time to respond to a court case brought by the club's owners over online comments he made about the owners of the League Two club.
Britain's Chris Froome is on course to become the first Briton to win three consecutive Tour de France titles after finishing second in Saturday's penultimate stage.
One of Scotland's most famous art schools, designed by renowned architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Queen of the South manager Steven Naysmith has thanked Motherwell boss Faddy Thomas and his assistant James McFadden for allowing the winger to leave the club to join Championship side QPR.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Kevin McIlhagga.
A salvage team has begun an initial survey of the stricken drilling rig Offshore Atdouf in preparation for a more detailed assessment on Wednesday.
Three World War Two medals have been stolen from a man's house.
All fireworks displays in people's back gardens need to be licensed by the government, an MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are not only vying to be the party's next presidential candidate.
A priest has accused five bishops of ignoring his claims they were aware he was being raped by a vicar in the 1980s.
Jockeys are "unhappy" about the prospect of racing on Good Friday for the first time, according to the head of the British Horseracing Authority.
More women should be allowed to apply for and take up public roles and appointments in Wales, according to a new report.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal after the Gunners' pre-season tour of Australia and China.
A French man who carried out one of the attacks on the Bataclan concert hall in Paris on 13 November has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media reports say.
Defending Masters champion Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move into a share of the lead after round one of the BMW PGA Championship.
Ruweyda is one of the most anxious kids we've ever met.
Two more bottles of whisky salvaged from a shipwreck immortalised in the novel Whisky Galore could be found on an island in the Western Isles.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the "best-dated Mesolithic encampment ever found in the UK, dating it back to around 4,500 years after Stonehenge.
Leaving the EU would cost every household in the UK £850 a year in the short term, according to a new report.
Championship play-off chasers Wolves maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought win at Leeds.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has said in an essay that she gave up trying to get more money for her role in American Hustle because she "wanted to be liked".
A man who was seriously injured in a powerboat crash in the Hamble River in Hampshire is "stable and improving", his family has said.
Scientists in Nepal have issued a warning about the emergence of new glacial lakes on one of the world's largest glaciers.
The BBC News website looks at some of the key stories from around the world.
Pope Francis has freed a Spanish priest convicted of leaking secret documents from the Vatican, in the latest twist in the so-called Vatileaks affair.
Star Trek's decision to cast Hikaru Sulu as gay in the new Star Trek film Star Trek Beyond has been welcomed by the actors involved.
The BBC News website takes a look at the key results from Thursday's local and regional elections.
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government's changes to disability benefits, saying they were not intended to hurt or harm disabled people.
Eugene, Oregon, has defended its decision to award the 2021 World Championships to the city of Gothenburg.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign as an MP if the Conservatives back plans for a third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Torquay United kept alive their faint hopes of avoiding National League relegation from the National League with a hard-fought win over Kidderminster Harriers.
A former senior civil servant in Myanmar's new government has been caught using a fake university degree to get a job in the new government.
A former soldier who fired the fatal rubber bullet that killed a west Belfast schoolboy has a "significant risk" to his health if he fails to give evidence at his inquest, a coroner has said.
The BBC is to return to its old format for its Wimbledon highlights show, which featured a studio audience but no studio audience.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of "several hundred thousand pounds" to repair a wall that collapsed after it was neglected, an MP has said.
A County Armagh solicitor who defrauded a bank out of £250,000 to fund the cost of taking up a partnership has been jailed for four years.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United ended their 100% start to the season with victory at Hull City.
Argentina have sacked coach Edgardo Bauza after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Judith Pomsel, who served as a secretary to Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels during World War Two, has died aged 106.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" a Russian violation of its airspace over the Syrian border on Saturday.
Swansea City have paid for supporters' tickets for the final two games of the season to help raise awareness of the club's fight against relegation from the Premier League.
At least 39 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died after being admitted to hospital with suspected blood poisoning has been opened and adjourned.
A Powys council chief executive has lost an appeal against his decision to appeal against a ruling that he breached the council's code of conduct.
Curzon is to be honoured with an Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award at this year's Baftas.
Braintree Town manager Ian Cowley says his side's unbeaten start to the season has been "nothing short of remarkable", despite their 2-0 defeat by Barrow.
Dominika Cibulkova reached the Wuhan Open final for the first time with a hard-fought semi-final win to set up a meeting with world number one Angelique Kerber.
The government says it would be "fairer" to sell off council houses worth more than the average property in the UK's most expensive areas to fund new social housing.
Guernsey have won their first gold medal of the Island Games with a 3-1 win over Sweden in the men's table tennis.
(Close): The FTSE 250 closed higher on Monday, with shares in Carillion and ITV leading the way after the construction firm announced the appointment of a new chief executive.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The BBC should make a spin-off series of The Apprentice to celebrate the success of previous winners of the reality TV show, Lord Sugar has said.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi's father says he is "less optimistic" about his son's chances of recovering fully from his head injuries following a crash in Japan.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following the discovery of a man's body in a park in West Yorkshire.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion and fire at an oil pipeline in central Mexico, officials say.
A British boxer who admitted assaulting his girlfriend has been given a suspended sentence after his conviction was overturned.
Five churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants to help fund repairs to their historic buildings.
At least seven people are reported to have been killed in a suspected chemical attack on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Britain's double Olympic champion Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's singles gold at Rio 2016.
Meet Arthur, an Australian bulldog who was found abandoned in the street by a family in Australia.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been given a warm welcome by Canada's governor general as they begin their first official tour of the country.
New incubators are to be used on Wales Air Ambulance's new generation of Babypods to help save the lives of newborn babies.
A red-necked woodpecker has made himself at home at a Perthshire nature reserve.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a charity which helps rape victims.
In the wake of Volkswagen's admission that it deliberately tried to rig emissions tests, it is easy to be cynical about the impact of the latest revelations about the German car giant.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
Luke Donald has been named as the new host of the British Masters at The Grove in Woburn.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says they are in the market to re-sign former Watford defender Joel Ekstrand.
In honour of the 50th anniversary of the death of Formula 1 legend Wolfgang von Trips, BBC Sport takes a look back at the life and times of a Northern Ireland singer-songwriter who turned his passion for the sport into a reality.
A US drone strike in Yemen appears to have killed a senior al-Qaeda leader, in what is believed to be the first such attack in the country since 2010.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire gangland figure has told a court it was a "stupid idea" to approach his victim's car with a knife.
Plans to redevelop the site of a former gay bar in London as a housing development have been given a condition that it must be given to an LGBT bar operator.
Three Irish Olympians, Michael Conlan, Joe Donnelly and Gary Fowler, have been sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for breaching betting rules at the Rio 2016 Games.
One of David Cameron's most senior cabinet ministers has announced he will campaign for the UK to leave the EU.
In our series of letters from Britain's World War Two centenarians, veteran sailor Harold Biles reflects on his father's role in the evacuation of Dunkirk.
A primary school head teacher has offered his entire staff, including a cleaner, extra 'duvet days' to help tackle a teacher recruitment crisis.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban the country's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games.
A Powys town's library is set to be handed over to a Powys council to help it meet its local savings target.
Thousands of people have fled their homes in southern Japan after a new earthquake struck, a day after one of the largest in the country's history.
More than 30 firefighters have been treated for smoke inhalation following a house fire in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football captain has appeared in court charged with stealing £572,000 from a County Londonderry quarry.
A new community centre has opened in Carmarthenshire.
Nato's failure to investigate civilian deaths from its air strikes in Libya last year is "deeply troubling", a leading human rights group says.
A university symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo murders has been cancelled in the wake of the Paris attacks.
Plans for a "vertical pier" have been approved by North Tyneside Council.
Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah set a new world record to win the men's half marathon at the Great North Run in Manchester.
The UN special envoy to Syria, Staffan de Mistura, says he expects informal talks between the warring parties to resume on Monday.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow in August.
A teenager has been released on bail after being arrested following an incident in north Belfast.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon for continuing to bar women from serving in combat roles in the US military.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced his intention to leave the Vatican shortly before Christmas Day, it came as a surprise.
Mae'r corff wedi cadarnhau i ddarparu gofal i gyngor Conwy oedd Cymorth Llaw.
An investigation has been launched after a fire service missed a 15-minute response time to a blaze at a derelict building in Suffolk.
Sam Warburton says Wales will have to take "a few risks" to beat New Zealand in Saturday's first Test in Auckland.
A late Cole Stockton goal gave Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover at Prenton Park as the Pembrokeshire outfit moved out of the National League relegation zone.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers gave Grimsby a 2-0 win over Accrington in League Two.
Kenyan election officials have had to drive hundreds of kilometres (km) to the counting centre in Nairobi to await results from the presidential and parliamentary elections.
Russian authorities have carried out a series of raids against suspected members of Japan's Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Olympic silver medallist Jemima Sumgong of Kenya beat Bahrain's Lelisa Desisa Kirwa to win Olympic gold in the women's marathon in Rio.
A car which featured in the opening credits of the 1976 film The Likely Lads has been reunited with its former owner after it was found in America.
Britain's Jo Pavey won gold in the women's 3,000m at the European Indoor Championships in Belgrade to become the first Briton to win an Olympic gold medal in the event.
The BBC News website has been looking back at the events leading up to the resignation of the then health minister in October 2015.
For three years, Peter Morgan had been falling in love with Georgina Symonds.
A British company has unveiled a new type of protective helmet in the wake of the death of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes.
Mae'r ddwy wedi euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth.
Millwall set up a Championship play-off final against Barnsley after holding promotion-chasing Bradford to a draw in the second leg of their semi-final at The Den.
A man who dumped Â£4,000 worth of illegal waste at the side of a road has been fined for fly-tipping.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to tear away its skin to reveal its tail.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $7.5bn (Â£5bn) fine in China after it was found guilty of violating the country's anti-monopoly law.
Morocco's new coach Herve Renard, who guided Zambia to 2012 and Ivory Coast to 2015 Africa Cup of Nations glory, faces a tough start to his reign in qualifying for the 2017 Nations Cup.
Derek McInnes has defended Gordon Strachan's decision not to pick an Aberdeen left-back in Scotland's squad.
Mark Ronson's new single, Uptown Funk, has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran and Simon Cowell's Band Aid 30.
More than half of teenagers in England are not taking A-level courses in the boroughs where they live, according to analysis of council figures.
Coronation Street, EastEnders and Emmerdale were among the winners at this year's Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of Â£1m have been discovered in the grounds of a derelict cinema in Cardiff.
The deportation of a Bangor University student has been described as "cruel and inhumane" by the National Union of Students.
Allegations of fraud at a Cardiff college are to be referred to the police, the Welsh government has said.
A Canadian man who allegedly fired a gun at US border patrol agents after they stopped him as he tried to smuggle drugs into the US has been arrested.
A piece of debris from SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket has been removed from the Isles of Scilly after it was found washed up on the island.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, who was found guilty of killing her daughter in the US state of Florida in 2011, has said she is happy with her sentence.
The South Korean government says North Korea has kept 70% of wages it paid to North Korean workers at a jointly-run industrial zone in the Demilitarised Zone.
Manchester City have been fined Â£1,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about players available for drug testing.
A former nursery worker has appeared in court charged with rape and child sex offences.
More than half of people in West Yorkshire are worried about their Christmas spending, according to a survey.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by Wales in their final Group B game of the World Cup qualifying campaign.
A university student who lost her hand in a nightclub has said she is "devastated" to have lost the prosthetic limb she had paid for.
Pako Ayestaran says he would not be in charge of Valencia if Gary Neville had not agreed to his appointment.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow is making a "miraculous recovery", the RSPCA has said.
US officials say they believe hackers may have accessed background information on US military and intelligence personnel for security clearance applications.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age to 69, the country's central bank, the Bundesbank, says.
Bath have added to their back-row options for the new Premiership season by signing two new forwards.
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the second stage of the Tour of Britain.
A lorry driver has died following a crash on the M1 in County Armagh.
The full list of contenders for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards will be revealed on Tuesday.
The appointment of a new press secretary for the Northern Ireland Executive has been criticised by opposition politicians as a breach of due process.
Two youths have been treated in hospital after being injured by a bonfire fire in Larbert, Fife.
With Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Andy Murray, Stan Wawrinka and Kei Nishikori dominating the men's tennis calendar, the ATP World Tour is in the midst of one of the most exciting times in the sport's history.
A search is under way to find the remains of a Gwynedd seaside village that was destroyed by the sea in May.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
Last week, the Syrian government announced the launch of a major offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in the north of the country.
Ian Poulter moved into a share of the lead at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links after a rain-affected second round.
It's been a campaign dominated by photo ops, photo ops and photo ops.
Two Welsh cities are hoping to become UK Capital of Culture 2021, BBC Wales has learned.
Lloyds Banking Group is no longer fully owned by the UK government.
Hundreds of flights have been cancelled in China's eastern Zhejiang province as Typhoon Chan-hom lashes the region with torrential rain and strong winds.
UK scientists have created a set of DNA-like molecules that mimic the functions of DNA and RNA, which are key to understanding the origin of life on Earth.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at the political unrest in Kenya.
More than 200 people have been arrested in the US state of North Dakota to protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline, officials say.
A Japanese boy who went missing after his parents briefly abandoned him on a mountain road as a punishment for throwing stones has been found alive after a six-day search.
A former soldier who carried the Olympic flame with the flame at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Games has been inundated with requests to become friends on Facebook.
Northampton Town's Callum Toney says he is adapting well to life away from home after joining Newcastle United's Under-21 side.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with preparing acts of terrorism at Stansted Airport.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have dismantled a major drug trafficking network that smuggled drugs across the border with Mexico.
National League side Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on loan until January.
Asia is set to overtake North America to become the world's richest region in 2015, according to the World Economic Forum's Global Wealth Report.
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of having an explosive device in her home.
Iraqi forces have retaken Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants as part of their offensive to retake western Mosul, officials say.
China's Fosun International has made an aggressive bid to buy Portuguese healthcare firm ESS, which owns a chain of hospitals and care homes.
"If you want to cure cancer, you need to cure it through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke made his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire held on to beat Derbyshire in the One-Day Cup at New Road.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in their history after their European Champions Cup-winning season, says captain Ben Barritt.
A millionaire who was murdered by his wife in Ukraine was "lowered by inebriation", a coroner has ruled.
The Twelfth of July celebrations dominate the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph, The News Letter, The Irish News and The Belfast Telegraph.
Shakespeare is one of Shakespeare's most famous plays, so it's no surprise that many Shakespeare fans believe that he wrote it.
A Scottish woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam has opened her eye for the first time since the accident.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm llynedd, gyda'r opsiwn o aros yn yr UE.
Jockey Ryan Moore will be out of action until the autumn after being advised by a specialist to give himself "complete rest" for a neck injury.
Plans for travellers' pitches in a Lincolnshire seaside resort have been rejected.
Former International Monetary Fund chief Raffaele Rato and two former Bankia board members have gone on trial in Spain accused of embezzlement and tax fraud.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "very honoured and flattered" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
William "Plum" Smith, a founding member of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), has died.
Five more Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a "good partner" with Egypt's new Islamist president, as she arrived in Cairo.
A man who was found dead at the bottom of an embankment at a waterworks has been named by police.
Nato has expressed "deep concern" over reports that Russia has deployed surface-to-air missiles in the Kaliningrad region of eastern Europe.
Worcester Warriors have signed full-back Sam Hopkins from Leinster Centurions for the remainder of the season.
Newport County maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a hard-fought draw at Oxford United.
A new system to give trainee doctors the chance to see their first live GP consultations has been launched in Aberdeen.
Hollywood actors Keanu Reeves and Chris Kenneally look at the transition from film to digital formats in their new documentary Side by Side.
A "photobomb" bird has been captured on camera at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino says he will make it a requirement for his players to stay together before every home game next season.
A former vice chair of Hull's City of Culture company has pleaded not guilty to making and distributing indecent images of children.
Swedish retail giant H&M has announced plans to launch a new, cheaper fashion brand in London and other European cities.
The winner of a competition to produce the UK's largest tomato will be crowned at a flower show in North Yorkshire on Saturday.
A children's film website has been nominated for three Bafta Children's Awards, which recognise the best in children's television.
Belgium's Club Brugge, Benfica and Besiktas secured their first titles in Europe's top flight, while Steven Fletcher scored and missed a penalty on his Marseille debut.
The Bank of England has published its five-year scenario for how it would deal with a global financial crisis.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of defender Marquinhos from Roma for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been charged following the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M25 near the M20 in Kent.
A house has been completely destroyed in a fire at a house in Perthshire.
The mother of a Briton who admitted trying to shoot and kill US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said he is "terrified" by his sentence.
Apple has been criticised by some online publishers for requiring them to agree to the terms of its forthcoming news app, Apple News.
Legislation is needed to deal with cyber-bullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking an "N-bomb" drug would in all probability not have died had he not taken it, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people, including children and elderly residents, were forced to leave their homes in West Lothian after a deliberate fire-raising incident.
Pakistan's military says it has launched air strikes against militant hideouts in the country's north-western tribal region.
The US government has been ordered to release the names of people who have visited President Donald Trump at his New York City golf resort.
All photographs courtesy of the World Wildlife Fund.
A man has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting a woman in the street in Ramsgate in June 2014.
UK scientists say they have found a way to "hack" the nerves that control the body's ability to monitor the amount of sugar in the blood.
A motorcyclist has died and a 10-year-old boy remains in a serious condition in hospital after a crash in east London.
Police are appealing for help from the public to find a man who has gone missing in Ayrshire.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour remains the official opposition to the government.
Alliance Trust, the Northern Ireland-based investment firm, has said it will not be making an offer to acquire rival asset manager RIT.
Ian Keatley's injury-time penalty for Munster denied Edinburgh a first win of the Pro12 season as they were held to a draw at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer have fallen after the supermarket group said it would not press ahead with plans to buy wholesaler Booker Group.
The price of natural gas in the US and Europe has risen sharply on concerns that Russia's decision to suspend gas supplies to Ukraine could disrupt Europe's energy supplies.
Ipswich Town defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship, according to head coach Mick McCarthy.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to come up with a design for their 2017 cockpit head protection systems.
Lithium, a drug used to treat mood disorders and Parkinson's disease, may be able to extend the lifespan of animals, according to new research.
More than 20 children who were taken from the Jungle migrant camp in south London are due to arrive in Devon, the Home Office has said.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Daniel Isturiz, has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum.
Premiership Rugby's proposal to extend the season to 10 months has been criticised by the Rugby Players' Association (RPA).
A yellow "be aware" weather warning for gale force winds has been issued for parts of Northern Ireland.
Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace Prize winner, has paid tribute to the 219 schoolgirls who were abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria in April 2014.
Derbyshire's seamers dominated the first day of day-night County Championship cricket as Glamorgan's batsmen struggled against the pink ball.
The body of a man has been found close to a mosaic in Hyde Park in central London.
Passengers on Scotland's newest passenger ferry were left stranded in Stornoway on Thursday night after a fault with an engine room ventilation fan.
In a letter to the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) for England and Wales, the victim of a historic rape has written to Alison Saunders to express her "appalled" anger at the decision to drop the case.
Tunisia and Morocco have been drawn in the same qualifying group for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations after a long-running dispute with the Confederation of African Football.
England's World Cup campaign ended in defeat as France swept them aside to set up a semi-final against Wales.
Teenager Luke Hall has been selected to represent Great Britain at the Austrian Open taekwondo championships in May.
More than 1.3 million people have signed a petition calling on a US judge to overturn his jail sentence for giving a college student a lighter sentence for sexual assault.
Plans for a new visitor centre at Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) have been unveiled.
The front pages of Scotland's leading newspapers have hailed the SNP's "historic victory" in the Holyrood election.
A fire in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately started, police have said.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Bradford City striker Sam Clifton on a short-term deal.
An appeal against the conviction of former North Wales Police chief Neil Anglesea for indecent assault will be lodged within 10 days, a lawyer has said.
The majority of farmers in the National Farmers' Union (NFU) have voted in favour of the UK remaining in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, who won a lifetime achievement award at the Cannes Film Festival in 1946, has died aged 91.
European Union leaders have agreed a new plan to deal with the migrant crisis in the Aegean Sea.
The opening of Scotland's new bridge over the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A new sinkhole has appeared in Manchester city centre, the latest in a series of holes to open up in the city centre.
A university has opened its new £1.2m building in a seaside town in North Yorkshire.
Work to restore part of the historic Swansea Canal to its former glory could take "many, many years" to complete, a project manager has said.
Gourmet burger chain Gourmet Burger Kitchen has been bought by Nando's, one of the UK's leading chains of upmarket restaurants.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game ban by the Scottish Football Association for his conduct in the Morton incident.
England's World Twenty20 quarter-final win over Sri Lanka was a great example of the qualities that make them so hard to beat.
It's one of the most ambitious video game projects the world has ever seen.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has won Olympic gold in the cycling and rowing, while Katherine Glover and Helen Stanning became the first British women to win an Olympic gold medal for rowing.
Great Britain's hopes of reaching the America's Cup challenger round were dented by defeat by New Zealand and Oracle Team USA in the final round of America's World Cup qualifiers.
At the Pro12's annual general meeting in Dublin on Wednesday, the chairman of the Scottish Rugby Players' Association, John Dodson, and chief executive Pat Browne laid out their case for why the future of the competition was in doubt.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of Britain's most famous correspondents and one of its most influential scientists.
Leinster maintained their perfect start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Scarlets at the RDS.
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death has been launched, which aims to promote the work of the Bard to children around the world.
US President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn) in emergency funds to buy body cameras for police officers.
Bombardier Belfast has announced that it has won the contract to build the wings for its new CS300 jet.
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to shut schools after receiving a bomb threat, saying it was the "right thing to do".
Defending champions Northern Ireland held Spain to a 1-1 draw in their opening Under-19 World Cup Group A game in Ballymena, County Antrim.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has admitted it "misreported" the number of new homes and businesses connected to its Project Lightning superfast broadband scheme.
Arriva Trains has said maintenance work on its trains has been causing delays and disruption to services.
A cross-party group of MPs has called on David Cameron to make clear that he will not renege on his promise to cut net migration if the UK votes to leave the EU.
The director of The Romans in Britain, Boris Bogdanov, says he felt like he was the victim of a "huge juggernaut" when he was taken to court for staging a naked sex scene in the 1980s.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a race to run up a street in a Gloucestershire town famous for its famous street food advert.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has donated his remaining shares in the software giant to charity.
A UKIP MEP has said he will not back any of the candidates to replace Paul Nuttall as leader of the party if they "go in any direction that it absolutely should not be going in".
When you are heavily pregnant, you have to adapt your training to accommodate the demands of your expanding belly.
Lithuania's Ruta Meilutyte set a new European record in the women's 100m freestyle semi-final to set her sights on a gold medal at the World Championships.
Bristol City moved three points off the League Two play-off places with a hard-fought win over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended after being involved in an incident in Cardiff city centre.
UK manufacturers are growing more worried about the impact of Brexit, according to a survey, with 28% of firms saying they are less optimistic about the future.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of playing a final home game at Upton Park for the club's women's team.
People claiming benefits in Scotland are living in "constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlements, according to a new report.
Two accountants who were banned by accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers after handing the wrong envelope to the Academy Awards presenters have been given police protection.
Tata Steel's decision to replace the boss of its European operation has added to the uncertainty surrounding the steelworks in Port Talbot, a union has said.
Theresa May has said she wants the issue of UK citizens living in Europe and EU citizens in the UK to be dealt with in the early stages of Brexit negotiations.
Russia has shared with the European Union a list of 89 people it says it has banned from entering the country, including former British intelligence chiefs and former EU officials.
Two rival street gangs in Honduras say they have agreed a truce with the government, in what appears to be a breakthrough in the country's long-running war against each other.
GoPro's chief executive has announced plans to release a new type of drone that can be used to capture 360-degree video footage.
Plans to cut home-to-school transport costs for children in Gloucestershire to save £1.3m a year have been put on hold.
Tiger Woods may have retired from the PGA Tour, but he is not the only world-class golfer to make his mark in the United States.
Ministers in England are failing to fully understand the impact of cuts to local authority funding, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez and Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce say they will have to fight "right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Judd Lee has been fined and ordered to repay £1,600 to a fan who paid for a snooker cue he had been using as his own personal property.
A US woman charged with child sex offences in Wrexham has had her case against her dropped following a review by prosecutors.
Samsung, LG and Samsung are among the first phone manufacturers to roll out security updates for the Android operating system.
A woman who killed her unborn baby after taking a drug to try to end her pregnancy has been jailed for two years.
England completed a five-wicket win over West Indies to complete a 3-0 one-day series whitewash in Antigua.
Former British heptathlon world record holder Sally Sotherton says it would be unfair to scrap world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol and Somerset have gone on "black alert" as pressure on A&E departments continues to build following a cold snap.
David Cameron has defended his decision to meet the Dalai Lama, amid reports that China has banned him from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister's late equaliser earned Eastleigh a 1-1 draw against Aldershot.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a number of cars were vandalised in the north of Edinburgh.
At least six people have been killed in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state following days of torrential rain and strong winds.
Final Frontier Design, a New York-based company that designs and manufactures spacesuits for commercial space travel, is a perfect example of what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur in the rapidly changing world of space travel.
Police in Italy have accused a criminal clan of running a migrant detention centre that was allegedly being used as a money-spinning operation for organised crime.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his estranged wife after posting a picture of her body on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons flanker Rhys Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 side.
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the last two years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Vodafone, the world's biggest telecoms firm, has been ordered to pay a fine of up to 100% of the amount it owes to India's tax authorities.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer left Molde to take charge of Manchester United's reserve team at Old Trafford in 2012, it was to the delight of his former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
Markets in Japan and China were lower on Friday after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided to cut interest rates and extend its stimulus programme.
The Casement Park stadium project in west Belfast is behind schedule and needs to address two key issues before it can make progress, a report has said.
A council's bike hire scheme in Dumfries which was set up to encourage people to get off their cars and into cycling has failed to attract more people to use it.
Tributes have been paid to Joel Richards, one of the British victims of the Tunisia terror attack.
A North Korean man held in Malaysia in connection with the death of Kim Jong-nam has said he is "deeply saddened" by the killing of the estranged brother of North Korea's leader.
Two teenagers have been detained after a vicar's car was stolen in a "shocking" carjacking.
Scotland flanker Jamie Hamilton has been named in Vern Cotter's final squad for the World Cup.
England's Greg Lewis won gold in the men's long jump to win his first medal of the Glasgow Commonwealth Games as he beat Australia's Andrew Cutts to win gold.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has deleted its Twitter account after it was inundated with memes and satire about the death of a gorilla named Harambe.
China's economy grew by 6.8% in the three months to December, official figures show.
Scientists have developed a prototype device that mimics the structure of the small intestine to improve the performance of next-generation batteries.
Claudio Ranieri says he is confident his Leicester City players will be able to handle the pressure of winning the Premier League.
The Church of England has appointed its first woman bishop, the Reverend Anne Lane, who will be the Church's first female bishop.
Oldham maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a 2-1 win over 10-man Wigan at Boundary Park.
Swindon Town have released striker Sam Clifton after he was sent home early from Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Swindon Town.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to the death of a woman who was stabbed to death in Fife.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold to mark Team GB's Olympic gold medal success.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong as the second day of the first Test in Dhaka ended in stalemate.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a new pay offer in their dispute with the city's council.
The Forth Road Bridge will be closed to traffic in both directions for a procession and fireworks display to mark 50 years since it opened.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested that the US might not defend its Nato allies if they fail to spend more on defence.
Plans to "re-wild" rivers to reduce the risk of flooding in parts of the UK are not going far enough, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's game against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
An injured gull has been shot dead on an industrial estate in Dumfries and Galloway.
(Close): Shares on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, continuing a global rally that has seen global markets rally following strong gains in Europe and Asia.
Police in the western Indian state of Gujarat have launched a crackdown on Dalit (formerly untouchable) protesters who tried to take their own lives.
Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan are among those to have received settlements from News International over phone-hacking.
Researchers have recreated the internal compass used by monarch butterflies to navigate the 2,000-mile (3,000km) journey they make from North America to Mexico each spring.
The University of Aberdeen has unveiled the UK's most powerful computer to date.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of the failed coup.
A couple who restored a World War Two jet used in the Gulf War have put it up for sale as a scrap.
A new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected following the departure of the authority's outgoing leader.
Surfers have been heading to a beach in Portugal to take advantage of huge swells created by Storm Imogen.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway 3-2 in their final World Cup warm-up.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to the season as they prepare to face Hibernian.
Northern Ireland's leading university, Ulster University, says it is fighting against the trend of graduates leaving Northern Ireland "en masse" to find jobs overseas.
Work has begun to move a huge protective shield to protect the damaged Chernobyl nuclear reactor at the site of the world's worst nuclear accident.
An investigation into a hit-and-run incident in which left Tour de France champion Chris Froome's bike covered in paint has been partially closed.
From April 2015, local councils in Northern Ireland will have the power to make their own planning decisions.
Historic England has said it is "deeply affected" by the loss of a fire-ravaged mill in Bradford.
A council has said it has "no concerns" about the weight of bunting being hung in Cambridge to celebrate the start of the Tour de France.
A senior Hindu religious leader in India has said that allowing women to pray inside a Hindu temple will lead to an increase in rape incidents.
A mother has told a court how her daughter's character turned "from a lovely girl to an animal" after she was allegedly sexually abused by a gang of men.
A father has described how he used his "dadly instinct" to save the life of a newborn baby girl who was found in a bus shelter.
The owner of a Dorset restaurant has said she was "tickled by the irony" after staff were questioned by Border Agency officials about their right to work in the UK.
The crew of an Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the southern tip of Antarctica have been flown back to the mainland.
Four people have been rescued by the Larne RNLI lifeboat after their yacht capsized off Carrickfergus, County Antrim.
Santander, Deutsche Bank and Citigroup have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests, the country's central bank has announced.
The family of Jo Cox have said they are "deeply gratified" by the "overwhelming and deeply gratifying" response to a fund set up in her memory.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a profit for the first time, thanks to strong sales of baked beans, ice cream and chipotle chillies.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says qualifying for Euro 2016 is the closest they have come to qualifying for a major finals since World Cup finals in 1993 and 2003.
Welsh and Irish ministers are to meet AMs to discuss the impact of Brexit on ports and the Irish border.
An unexploded flare has been found on a beach in New South Wales.
Teenage squash star Lauren Adderley has won her first Scottish National Championships title at Edinburgh Sports Club.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson is to stand down as a councillor to take up a post as a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
A police station in Afghanistan's southern Helmand province has been attacked by Taliban militants, officials say.
The proportion of former pupils in Scotland's most deprived areas going on to get a job, secure a job or secure training is at a record high, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the end of the human race is a "near certainty" in the next thousand or ten thousand years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood moved into a share of the lead with American Brian Harman after the second round of the US Open.
A new study in Germany suggests that a photo of a woman applying for a job in a headscarf is more likely to be rejected than one without one.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about having to make up ground on his title rivals after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Mexico's capital, Mexico City, to protest against plans to legalise same-sex marriage.
Three men have been arrested following Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Rangers at Hampden Park.
A man who admitted raping a woman in her own home has been jailed for 10 years.
The number of people owning their own home in England is continuing to decline, according to a survey.
The family of a soldier who was found dead at an army barracks in Surrey in 1995 have won the right for a fresh inquest into his death.
The family of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has clashed with the government over what they see as excessive tributes to him.
Students at Dundee University have created a bag designed to "talk" to you when you take your credit card out of it to reward you if you spend money.
Two former staff members at a boys' boarding school have been charged with historical child sex offences.
Harlequins have completed the signing of Wasps fly-half Scott Jackson.
Worcestershire and Kent were unable to play their County Championship Division Two match on Sunday because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 1,200 people have been rescued from a burning Italian passenger ferry after it caught fire in the Balearic Islands, Spanish officials say.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have made a fresh appeal for information following a number of arrests.
A Gwynedd meat firm has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for selling frozen meat which was several years past its "use by" date.
When Jacques Godin's father was killed in a car accident, his family was wiped out.
A mystery ticket holder who won a Â£1m lottery jackpot in Denbighshire has been urged to come forward.
The French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has admitted selling supplies to migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea in the wake of the death of three-year-old Alan Kurdi.
UKIP Scotland MEP Ian Coburn has said he would be prepared to lead the party if asked to do so.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a coach to perfect his portrayal of Einar Elbe in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Open after a 4-3 defeat by Ryan Holt in the first round.
Passengers travelling on the London Underground are being encouraged to wear special badges to alert fellow passengers to their disabled or ill friends who may be using the service.
Two Featherstone Rovers players, Josh Bateman and Jack Pick, have been banned by UK Anti-Doping for taking banned substances.
More than 100 mosques in Nigeria's main city, Lagos, have been shut down after residents complained about the noise they make.
Mark Haughey scored a late winner as Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon 3-2 at Mourneview Park.
Imagine a world in which many people are dying but are not getting the end-of-life care they need.
Rangers have raised £22.2m through the sale of new shares in the club.
The Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir has banned lavish weddings.
Adrian Gill, the editor of the Sunday Times and one of the paper's longest-serving writers, has died.
Rangers have appointed former Manchester City Academy head coach Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never given up on trying to solve Europe's migrant crisis.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the "heartland" of a lost "lost Dark Age kingdom".
Russell Knox and Paul Casey moved into a share of the lead at the Travelers Championship in Connecticut after the second round.
Annan Athletic striker Omar Al-Khalifa says his dream of playing in the Scottish Cup has come a step closer after his side's run to the fifth round.
More than 100 councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax to pay for social care, a survey suggests.
An ambulance supplier has said he feels "aggrieved" after failing to be paid for services he provided for a private ambulance firm.
US striker Alex Morgan has signed for French side Ligue 1 side Lyon on a one-year deal.
British snowboarder Charlotte Cheshire says she is "over all of her head injuries" after missing out on a medal at the World Cup slopestyle qualifying event in California.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams has called for the World Boxing Council (WBC) to allow longer rounds in women's boxing.
Sevilla remain on course for a place in the Europa League final after holding Astana to a draw in the first leg of their semi-final second leg in Ukraine.
The US commander of Nato forces in Europe, General Philip Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military expansion in Ukraine poses a threat to the entire region of the Black Sea.
When you're a kid growing up, you dream of being able to score a last-gasp birdie at the final round of a major championship.
Ludwig the dog is the kind of dog you would expect to see in a musical theatre.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "dragging the political process recklessly" over the botched green energy scheme.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire following a damning report into the force's handling of the child sex abuse scandal in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned.
Hearts have completed the signing of Poland international defender Jan Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operators of cash machines in the UK are in talks to try to resolve a dispute over the amount they charge banks to use their machines.
A Saudi source close to the Saudi royal family has told the BBC that the donation of $681m (Â£400m) to Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak's election campaign in 2013 had nothing unusual about it.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not let the memory of his father Chris's head injury affect his performance when he defends his British middleweight title against Liam Doran on Saturday.
More than 1,300 life jackets used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean to Europe have been seized by Turkish police, officials say.
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended jail sentence after being involved in an incident at the League One club's home game against League Two side Braintree Town.
Defending champions Chris and Gabriella Adcock have won the English Open men's doubles title for the first time.
Shrewsbury's winless run in League One came to an end as they were beaten by Sheffield United at Meadow Lane.
Robert Lewandowski was taken to hospital with a head injury as Poland's World Cup qualifying win over Romania was interrupted by a stampede on to the pitch.
Kids in Australia have been given the chance to redesign national parks in 3D as part of a national park design competition.
All crew members on ferries operating in the Northern Isles will be paid at least the minimum wage, the Scottish government has announced.
Ospreys back-row Alafoti Fonua will be available to face the Scarlets on Boxing Day after recovering from an ankle injury.
Jockey Nicky Ackerman has failed in an appeal against his six-month ban for betting against horses at Kempton and Wolverhampton.
Nato has lowered its flag in Afghanistan to mark the end of its combat mission in the country.
Refugees from a far-right German nationalist party have been praised for helping a wounded member of the group after he was hit by a car on a motorway, reports say.
A man has died and two others have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash in Nottingham.
The first minister has accused Theresa May of sending a "dangerous" message to the people of Wales if she does not listen to their concerns about Brexit.
Former England captain Paul Downton has been appointed chairman of the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The parents of a man who was killed in a head-on crash have called for tougher sentences for drivers who kill.
Two sheep have been rescued by police after getting loose in the back garden of a house in west Belfast.
Greece's government has set out a list of reforms it wants to make in order to secure a deal with its creditors to secure the country's international creditors.
People have been asked what they think should be done with the former Gloucester Prison.
Fearne Cotton has presented her final BBC Radio 1 breakfast show, saying it felt like she had "passed away".
England full-back Anthony Watson has been charged by the Football Association for his actions in Bath's defeat by Saracens on Saturday.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham Town thrashed Woking to extend their lead at the top of the National League.
Archaeologists in China have discovered what is believed to be the remains of an ancient Chinese board game.
Defender Dani Alves says he would have joined Rangers even if the club had not played European football this season.
Markets in China have fallen after official figures showed consumer prices rose less than expected in September, while producer prices continued to fall.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" by the length of time it has taken Jazz Richards to return from a broken leg.
The pilot of Virgin Galactic's new space tourism vehicle has been killed in a test crash in California.
As Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over Islamic State fighters in Mosul, the battle for the city was still going on.
Pesticides used to control pests on crops are damaging the brains of honey bees, according to UK government research.
A new centre of excellence in marine energy research is to be established in County Antrim after the Department for the Economy in Northern Ireland (DUP) secured £1.3m in funding.
Egyptian experts say they have found "anomalous anomalies" in the pyramids of Tutankhamun and Khufu.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found at a quarry in Dorset.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged kidnapping and attempted sale of British model Chloe Ayling.
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Middle Eastern countries during Ramadan, but they have also been criticised for taking things too far.
General Motors (GM) has announced plans to invest $1.5bn (Â£1bn) in Ontario, Canada to expand its cold weather vehicle production.
The remains of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford have been laid to rest in the city's city hall.
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine compartment of a car in Edinburgh after it became wedged between the engine and transmission.
The distinctive Scots accent has been changing for 100 years, according to researchers.
More than £4.6m has been raised to repair and improve a Grade II-listed cathedral in Surrey.
When Robin Wright found out she was being paid less than her male co-star in the hit US TV series House of Cards, she decided to use her role in the series to fight for equal pay.
(Close): Wall Street markets were little changed on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 indexes edging lower, but the Nasdaq ended little changed.
Unpaid internships should be banned to improve access to top jobs for young people from poorer backgrounds, MPs have said.
The Scottish government is to fund a project to help lower the cost of offshore wind turbines in an effort to meet the country's renewable energy target.
A pregnant woman accused of smuggling 12 people into the UK in the back of a van has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were in there.
Cuban President: Raul Castro (Raul Castro) succeeded his brother Fidel Castro, who had ruled the communist state since 1959.
England captain Alastair Cook has "got the right-sized feet" to become one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says former captain Michael Clarke.
A cat has been shot in the leg with an air gun in Aberdeenshire, the Scottish SPCA has said.
A rainbow flag has been flown outside Stormont House in Belfast to mark the start of the city's gay pride celebrations.
A Labour MEP has announced he is to leave his role in the European Parliament to take up a leading role at an international business body.
Hackers who claim to have stolen Game of Thrones scripts and other material from the US TV network HBO say they are working with law enforcement to find the culprits.
Police are investigating allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse at the children's charity Kids Company in Belfast city centre.
US actor Morgan Freeman is to be honoured with the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award for his "outstanding contribution to American cinema".
A 40-year-old man has been arrested by counter-terrorism officers in Crawley, West Sussex.
Royal Bank of Scotland has passed the latest European bank stress tests, which assessed the impact of a 7% fall in the value of the UK economy on its capital levels.
Isle of Wight council has introduced new procedures to control how passengers and vehicles leave or embark a chain ferry.
Wakefield Wildcats full-back Ryan Simon has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Super League club.
Lawyers have raised concerns about a new divorce form that asks people to name the person they believe their husband or wife has committed adultery with.
Staff at a nature reserve in Ceredigion have said they are looking forward to another drama-filled season with the return of a songbird.
Have you ever been worried about losing your phone?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has appeared to suggest US Jews were behind Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a fire on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station in central London.
Egyptian security forces are using sexual violence against detainees as part of a "cynical political strategy", the human rights group, Amnesty International, says.
Leigh Griffiths says he and his Celtic team-mates are already looking forward to the challenge of defending the Scottish Premiership title next season.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the depths of the financial crisis, official figures show.
An episode of Derren Brown's TV show in which featured the illusionist trying to "asphyxiate himself" has been banned from being shown before the Christmas Day watershed.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 50m breaststroke to win gold at the World Championships in Budapest.
A freckle on the finger of a childcare worker who ran a paedophile website was the key to catching him, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
What would you expect to find when you wake up in a space capsule?
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks on lawyers in Winnipeg, Canada.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Liam Murdoch from Ross County.
Two bodies have been found in the eastern Libyan town of Derna, where a film crew was kidnapped, officials say.
British Paralympic gold medallist Katherine Lucas has won gold at the Para-Rowing World Cup series in Canada.
All university students in England will be required to sign contracts giving them the right to challenge the quality of their courses, says Universities Minister Boris Johnson.
India has condemned Pakistan's decision to sentence an Indian man to death for spying.
At least 16 people have been killed in a car bomb blast in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been injured after being trapped in a house by a burglar who broke into the property in north Belfast.
More than 1,200 people have been convicted of dog fighting in England and Wales since January last year, according to the League Against Cruel Sports.
At least 65 people have appeared in a court in Myanmar's northern town of Letpadan, accused of taking part in illegal protests, state media report.
Ofsted inspectors have raised concerns about a Birmingham Islamic high school for allowing a female governor to "sit out of sight" of the school's male governors at a meeting.
A "manipulative and depraved sexual predator" who raped and sexually abused a Denbighshire woman has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United's winless start to the League Two season continued as Morecambe came from behind to beat them 2-1 at Sixfields.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested by police investigating a serious crime in County Londonderry.
Cardiff City striker Jermaine Jones is a doubt for Sunday's visit of Preston North End after being ruled out for the rest of the season.
Six teaching unions have called on the government to give teachers in England and Wales the pay they need to attract and retain the best and brightest.
Shale gas drilling in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake was felt by one person.
A new exhibition of paintings by the Italian artist Michelangelo Caravaggio has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-step verification system to prevent people being locked out of their iCloud accounts if they use a malicious tool to access their data.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed while reporting from Syria in 2012, are suing President Bashar al-Assad's government.
A four-month-old baby boy who was killed by a family's dog was being held in his mother's arms when he was attacked, an inquest has heard.
Scotland's sport body has said it is "heartbreaking" to learn that funding for grassroots sports will be cut by 20% from next year.
Mothers-to-be are being urged to eat a healthy diet during pregnancy to help protect the health of their unborn babies.
Bronze weapons dating back to 3,000 years ago have been discovered on the Isle of Coll in Argyll.
A teenage boy has been assaulted and stamped on by two people on a train in Glasgow.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of sending explicit images of underage girls to friends and family.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the world's highest-earning artists for 2013.
A World Cup winner's medal awarded to Brazil legend Pele has been sold at auction in London.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia over allegations that Canberra spied on the president's phone.
Rights groups have condemned as a possible war crime a video that appears to show the killing of dozens of Syrian government soldiers by rebels in the north of the country.
Organic farming can improve the habitat for wildlife, according to new research from Swansea University.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites.
The UK's banks have announced that they are raising the amount of money they have to pay in the so-called bank levy.
Investors have reacted to Donald Trump's election victory in the US presidential election with a sharp rise in the value of bonds.
Supermarket giant Tesco has reported its first growth in UK sales for three years as it continues to price-cut at its supermarkets.
A driver has been fined for trying to listen to Sam Smith's new James Bond theme tune on his phone while driving in Dorset.
Dame Judi Dench, best known for playing James Bond's M in the James Bond films, has revealed that her eyesight is getting worse.
A double-decker bus had to be towed to a farm after it became wedged between a tractor and a muck heap.
A total solar eclipse was visible in parts of Australia, New Zealand, New South Wales, and New Guinea on Sunday.
Plans for a universal basic income in Wales are "worrying", a leading business expert has said.
Two north Wales hospitals rated inadequate for food hygiene have improved their food hygiene ratings.
As the dust settles after the general election results, here's a look at the main parties in Wales.
Workers at Trawsfynydd nuclear plant in Powys have said they would welcome proposals to develop the site as a test site for a new type of nuclear reactor.
John Bercow, the Speaker of the House of Commons, has appointed New Zealand-born David Natzler as the UK's new Clerk of Parliament.
As MPs call for the legalisation of medical cannabis in the UK, the BBC's Michelle Roberts looks at the case of a woman from Berkshire who uses the drug to treat her arthritis.
Tunisia has held a presidential run-off election, with a former prime minister and a veteran politician seen as the front-runner.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have agreed terms with Dundee United to sign midfielder Scott Erskine to replace Barry Bannigan.
Accountancy chiefs have defended the use of tax havens to help companies avoid paying corporate tax, despite criticism from MPs.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland has been "significantly greater" than expected, according to new research.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says it is "fate" that he did not get a chance to manage Aston Villa in the summer.
The Canadian government has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian man accused of being a member of a Nazi war crimes squad during World War Two.
Small businesses in Scotland are improving their digital skills but are still lagging behind the rest of the UK, according to a report.
(Close): Wall Street markets were higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in the pharmaceutical and tech stocks.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a 14-year-old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given until Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix to avoid any more high-speed collisions.
Russia has blocked several porn websites, saying they violate the country's child protection laws.
Historic buildings including the childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell have been named in a list of the 10 most endangered Victorian buildings in England.
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday to choose their preferred candidates to contest the country's presidential and parliamentary elections.
France's far-right Front National (FN) leader Marine Le Pen's daughter, Marion Maréchal-Le Pen, is to quit the party, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he was relieved to be given the chance to keep his place in the side for Friday's Six Nations game against England.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were vandalised at a bank in Flintshire.
The future of a coastal railway line in Devon and Cornwall could be threatened by sea-level rise, according to a report.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers who used its high-speed rail service between Dover and London St Pancras after cracks appeared in the sea wall on the line.
Thousands of Glastonbury festival-goers braved torrential downpours to watch Florence and the Machine, Pussy Riot and The Libertines on the Pyramid Stage.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives, Andrew RT Davies, has asked the assembly's presiding officer to tell AMs to use "respectful" language about Brexit.
It has been two years since I left my job at the BBC Business News website to become a full-time freelance journalist.
Burton Albion have signed Andreas Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan from Championship side Barnsley until January.
Victoria Barker's life changed forever when doctors told her she was pregnant with her first child with Down's syndrome.
An advert for a "green monster" pushchair described as "everything that ended my happy carefree low cost child free life" has been put up for sale on eBay.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to trying to rig a key interest rate to benefit his own trading positions.
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from fellow Super League side Hull KR for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England would be a waste of money, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins has "put a very strong case" to be selected for Britain's Olympic triathlon squad after winning the World Triathlon Series event in Australia, says Olympic gold medallist Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio last year.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced plans to become the first private American billionaire to launch rockets into space.
The Scottish government has been ordered to reconsider its decision to grant planning permission for three major offshore wind farm projects in the Western Isles.
A Fife man has admitted raping and indecently assaulting two girls after claiming he was having hallucinations when he confessed to the crimes.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
In the aftermath of South Sudan's brutal civil war, the UN has warned that the conflict in the world's newest state could become the largest humanitarian crisis since World War Two.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side can still finish second in the Scottish Premiership despite losing 3-1 to Rangers.
The mascot of the Mercian Regiment of the British Army has been promoted to the rank of soldier.
The Islamic State (IS) militant group has said it carried out a suicide attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, near the border with Syria.
The word binge-watch has been included in the Collins English Dictionary's Words of the Year list for 2015.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned after the World Cup semi-final defeat by Germany, the country's football federation (CBF) has announced.
The NHS in England is losing £380m a year to drug companies for raising the prices of cancer drugs, according to research presented at the European Cancer Research Conference.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for Africa's best leader has failed to win the award for the first time since it was established by Sudanese businessman Omar al-Bashir in 2007.
A Met Office amber "be aware" warning for "very strong" winds and snow has been issued for the Western Isles, Western Isles Council has said.
Actress Michelle Terry is to replace Emma Rice as the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, the theatre has announced.
Police are searching for a missing woman who was reported missing along with her toddler son in Cardiff.
They say you don't need to be born famous to be famous - but if you're famous, you better be good at it.
A Banksy mural that was put up for auction after it was removed following protests is to be put back up for sale.
Casino revenues in the Chinese territory of Macau fell sharply in the three months to September as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending by officials and others from the mainland continued.
India's prestigious Sahitya Akademi, the country's oldest literary institute, has condemned recent attacks on writers.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition in a bid to save one of the UK's oldest independent liberal arts colleges.
A man suspected of being involved in the murder of missing Swansea man Alan Warburton has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Owain Doull moved into second place in the Giro d'Italia as Peter Sagan won stage five.
England midfielder James Milner has announced his retirement from international football.
Alex Iwobi and Mohamed Elneny were both on target as Arsenal were held to a goalless FA Cup replay by Hull City at Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed legal action against Samsung, accusing the firm of violating its patents.
The death of Col Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saif al-Arab, in a US-led raid on a compound in eastern Libya's Bab al-Aziziya town has been widely seen as a decisive moment in the war against the Gaddafi regime.
A man has been found dead in a crashed car with a girl in the back.
The Scotland Bill is at a "critical point" in negotiations over the fiscal framework for new tax and welfare powers to be devolved to Holyrood, a senior civil servant has said.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said there is "every day" evidence of an increase in China's militarisation of islands in the South China Sea.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has accused Prime Minister David Cameron of making Scottish MPs "second-class citizens" by postponing a vote on changes to the Hunting Act.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to split the Grenfell Tower inquiry into the fire disaster into two parts.
Wales prop Brian Mujati has joined Ospreys on a short-term deal.
Rescuers are searching for a British backpacker missing in Vietnam after he fell while attempting to climb the country's highest mountain.
The funeral of Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson has taken place to mark the 121st anniversary of the formation of the game.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant and could give birth at the end of the month.
A campaign to find the UK's official bird of choice has been launched by the RSPB, urging the public to vote for their favourite.
Austrian police are searching for a man who has been spotted dressed as Adolf Hitler in the town where the Nazi leader was born in 1889.
A man who was stabbed to death in Sheffield has been named by police.
Trains in and out of London's Tower Hamlets have been suspended in the wake of the fatal tower block fire.
Joe Root has the "fire in his belly" to become England's next Test captain, according to former captain James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers (ISPs) to provide a "fast lane" for Netflix and other video streaming services, many people took to social media to express their dismay.
Burnley moved to within a point of Championship leaders Middlesbrough thanks to Andre Gray's first-half penalty as they beat Blackburn in the Lancashire derby.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create 1,200 new jobs at its Solihull plant.
Corey Whitely's goal was enough to give Dagenham & Redbridge a 1-0 win at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool and make it two wins out of two in League Two.
A 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death at a bar in north-west London has been named by police.
A shortlist of the UK's oldest and most important trees has been revealed, with the winner set to compete in the European Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Gwynedd.
Up to 100 people have lost their jobs at a fish and chip factory in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Swimmers have been warned to be on alert for jellyfish after reports of jellyfish blooms in the sea off Anglesey.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by two men who used a knife to cut through her jugular vein, a court has heard.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have given birth to their first child, a baby boy named after their father, the Duke of Wales.
Wales flanker Ben Thornton has been called into the squad for Friday's Six Nations opener against Samoa in Auckland.
A council's plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs will be challenged in the High Court after a planning inspector said it was "unlawful".
More than 150,000 migrants have been refused permission to stay in the UK after being told to leave, the UK Border Agency's chief inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been ranked 50th in a list of the world's most influential women.
A man has been found guilty of assisting the theft of a flock of sheep from a Powys farmer after DNA tests proved they were the offspring of his rams.
An exhibition celebrating the life and work of William Blake has opened in Oxford to mark the 200th anniversary of his death.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump poses a greater risk to global security than a new Cold War, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange Group (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse have announced details of their planned merger, which will create Europe's largest exchange group.
You might be forgiven for thinking that the sight of oak leaves sprouting from the ceiling of a steam bathhouse in London would make you want to run away screaming.
Sky has launched a new mobile phone service that allows Sky TV customers to watch shows on their mobiles without paying for data.
The chief executive of Australian airline Qantas, Alan Joyce, has said he will continue to campaign for Australia to legalise same-sex marriage.
Hull City held Manchester United to a hard-fought goalless draw at Old Trafford to move off the bottom of the Premier League table.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a man who was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 pole positions at the Belgian Grand Prix to take pole position at Spa-Francorchamps.
The last time we spoke to Kayden's mother, Shannon, she was in hospital with the rest of her family.
Labour has launched an investigation into claims one of its councillors shared propaganda by far-right groups in a row over plans to remove English-stream education at a Carmarthenshire school.
Rangers missed the chance to go second in the Premiership as they were held to a draw by St Johnstone at Ibrox.
In politics, there's no such thing as a "winners-only" election.
A man who was shot dead by police officers has been named by the police watchdog.
John Terry says he has not made up his mind whether to retire from football, but admits he is considering his options.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick for Sale Sharks as they came from behind to beat Wasps and move level on points with Premiership leaders Saracens.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third Briton to win 50 Formula 1 races with victory in Austin, Texas, on Sunday.
The Sri Lankan army says it is continuing its search for survivors of Tuesday's landslides, which left 43 people dead.
Justin Gatlin set a new 200m world record to become the fastest sprinter of the year in the Diamond League meeting in Portland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered an end to the use of customised "rest chambers" to allow him to get a good night's sleep on business class flights to the UK.
Amnesty International says India's use of a controversial law that allows troops to shoot to kill suspected militants in Indian-administered Kashmir has led to widespread human rights abuses.
The High Court in Scotland has granted permission for journalists to tweet live updates of the sentencing of a man convicted of murdering his former lover.
The family of a family from east London who were falsely accused by TV host Katie Hopkins of being extremists have demanded an apology from her.
Artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of censorship and discrimination after the Danish toy company said it would not sell its bricks to him.
Miranda Miranda has waltzed her way to the end of her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in the new musical Annie.
A temporary night shelter could be set up in Northampton to help homeless people who refuse to leave the streets.
President: Mikheil Saakashvili
Families in Scotland are becoming "trapped in poverty" because of a growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions, according to a charity.
West Ham's return to London's Olympic Stadium ended in defeat as they were beaten 2-1 by Juventus in their first game at their new home.
At least 20 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in northern northern Nigeria, officials say.
Great Britain's rowers have been named in the Great Britain squad for this year's World Cup regatta in Florida.
Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Hallam Amos and Samson Lee have extended their national dual contracts.
Former England midfielder Carlton Cole has signed for Championship side Aston Villa.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said the UK will be able to negotiate a "comprehensive free trade agreement" with the European Union after Brexit.
Researchers are asking beekeepers to record the sound of their bees' "known noises" in a bid to help them find out which plants help them produce more honey.
National League side Lincoln City booked their place in the FA Cup third round with a 3-2 win over League One side Oldham Athletic.
The cost of the fiasco over the botched West Coast mainline rail franchise is likely to be higher than previously estimated, MPs have said.
In the history of the Nobel Prizes, very few women have been recognised for their achievements in science.
Former world champion Jimmy Hendry has been knocked out of the World Cup qualifying event after losing 4-1 to England's Kevin Lines in the first round of the National Cup.
The debate about Scotland's independence referendum is not just about the future of the BBC licence fee.
Taxpayers should be required to contribute more to the NHS and social care in England, Lib Dems leadership contender Norman Lamb has told the party's conference.
Clyde manager Gary Ferguson says his side must win at Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of reaching the Scottish League Two play-offs.
Greece's voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose their next president, prime minister and deputy prime minister.
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a World War Two Spitfire that crashed in County Monaghan in 1942.
Parents claim they are being "punished" by a council for living in a rural area where free school transport is not available.
A mass has been held in Glasgow to remember the victims of the devastating earthquake in central Italy.
Australia's prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, is the latest in a series of prime ministers to be the target of satirical art.
Lewis Hamilton headed team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Italian Grand Prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace.
A teenager has been charged in connection with ticket fraud at the T in the Park music festival in Brighton.
China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover of the territory from British to Chinese control.
An Indian rapper has protested against the appointment of a woman as the new chief minister of the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
Eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide in China's southern Shenzhen city that killed 74 people in December.
The Scottish government has been warned it could face legal action over its record on tackling air pollution.
A judge in the US city of Cleveland, Ohio, has acquitted a white police officer of killing two black women in a case that sparked a national debate over police use of deadly force.
More than 100 people have been killed in a series of bombings in Syria, according to state media and a monitoring group.
Promotion and relegation play-offs will be scrapped from the Championship from next season, the Rugby Football Union has announced.
More than £400,000 has been wiped off council budgets due to a drop in the price of recycling materials, including steel and plastics.
At the World Economic Forum in Davos in Switzerland, world leaders from around the world are meeting to discuss ways to boost economic growth in the developing world.
A knife has been found at a primary school in Dumfries and Galloway.
The first round of the UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday with the world's leading snookers hoping to make up for a slow start to the season.
Red Bull were far off the pace of Mercedes, Ferrari and Ferrari in qualifying at the Australian Grand Prix.
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 23 September to decide whether they want to remain a part of the UK or leave.
Businesses in Perth city centre have launched a campaign to "reawaken the sense of community" after years of "city-centre decay".
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says his limited-overs performances for the county this season have earned him a recall to England's Twenty20 squad.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a bomb attack in County Tyrone, is taking place in Belfast later.
Scotland's Lord Advocate, Frank Mulholland, has announced his intention to step down.
Firefighters are dealing with an incident involving a fire engine on board a ferry in the Fife Firth.
A woman who was stabbed to death in Rotherham has been named by police.
Scotland's youngest MP Chloe Black has been named as one of the UK's Young Musicians of the Year by NME magazine.
A terminally ill man who wants to challenge the law on assisted suicide in the High Court has said he is being "condemned to unbearable suffering".
Bayern Munich will need to overturn a 3-1 deficit from the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final second leg against Porto.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay compensation to the family of a teenager who died after signing for the club's youth academy.
British actress Keanu Knightley is to make her Broadway debut in a new play based on the French classic Therese Raquin.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A Canadian boy who left a handwritten apology note for a library worker has become an internet hit after it was shared online.
Barry Waites says it was "painful" to come back from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship after six weeks out of darts.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Kevin Sinfield has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a knee injury.
A man who was shot dead by police in Hull city centre has been named by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).
Birmingham City Women have completed the signing of German international Charlotte Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been asked to give evidence to MPs about his company's treatment of low-paid workers.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has hit back at claims his players have been accused of being like "monks" during their World Cup exploits.
Dundee ended a three-game losing streak as they thrashed Motherwell to move back into the Premiership play-off places.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died in a rollercoaster accident at Australia's Dreamworld theme park on Saturday night.
A man who used his home to store heroin with a street value of £263,000 to pay off a debt has admitted being concerned in the supply of the drug.
Swansea City are interested in appointing former Argentina boss Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gangland gang member in a "power struggle" in south London.
The last time the US central bank decided to raise interest rates, it sent shockwaves through Asian markets.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in one of the most "damaging" child sexual exploitation cases in Hertfordshire have been jailed.
Chelsea forward Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new Premier League season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
A boy who died after being hit by a car was "full of life and joy", his mother has said.
Huddersfield Giants flanker Sean Maitland has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans to build a motorbike track in Blaenau Gwent has opened.
Garry Thompson scored a late winner to give Morecambe their first win of the League Two season as they came from behind to beat Cheltenham.
At least 43% of people cared for by crisis teams in the home by the NHS in England and Wales took their own lives last year, figures suggest.
Ulster have won the Christy Ring Cup for the first time after a 3-14 to 2-11 win over Connacht in Sunday's final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
An MSP has been asked to ensure new and existing MSPs get a decent cup of coffee at Holyrood.
Some hospitals may have to cancel non-urgent operations in the run-up to Christmas due to pressures on services, the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons has said.
Ethiopia is not the kind of country you'd expect to find in the West Bank of Africa.
Two fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty in Lough Swilly in County Antrim.
Two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome will be the favourite to win this year's Criterium du Dauphine, says Alberto Contador.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people suspected of trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads.
Hundreds of people have greeted Brazil's impeached President Dilma Rousseff as she left the presidential residence in the capital, Brasilia.
Derry City kept up the pressure on leaders Dundalk with a 1-0 win over Wexford United thanks to a goal from Kevin Boyle.
Mountain rescue teams have called for changes to the way visitors to Snowdonia are managed after a sharp rise in callouts this summer.
Paris St-Germain's deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for a world record £198m has been widely criticised.
The January transfer window closed on Wednesday night, but there were still plenty of eye-catching moves to be made by Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing sites, has been attacked by a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack.
The inventor of a prosthetic hand that allows amputees to control objects with their fingers has won a UK engineering prize.
Francois Fillon, the embattled French presidential candidate, has won back the support of his most loyal supporters after a mass rally in Paris on Sunday.
Urgent care centres could be moved from Telford to Shrewsbury as part of a review of the health service in Shropshire.
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of Scotland's development since his 2005 debut against the United States, according to coach Gordon Strachan.
EDF, the French energy giant, and China's state-owned energy giant have signed the final contract for the Hinkley C nuclear power plant.
The number of calls to a helpline set up to help wounded soldiers and airmen in England and Wales has risen sharply, a charity has said.
A Met Police detective constable has been jailed for 10 years for possessing and distributing images of child sex abuse.
Hilary Benn's intervention in the debate on the Syria conflict and his call for the Labour Party to back the UK's involvement in the bombing of Islamic State targets in Syria is a welcome move by the Labour MP to put pressure on his party's leadership.
World champion Mark Selby leads Marco Fu 6-4 in their World Championship semi-final at the Crucible.
Kirsty Evans says it would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" if Scotland were to miss out on qualifying for Euro 2017.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at her school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsene Wenger has urged Arsenal's British players to take charge of the team's style of play if they are to succeed him as manager.
The Nepalese government says it plans to restrict the number of people allowed to climb Mount Everest in an effort to make the world's highest mountain safer.
The family of a man who was killed in a crash on the M1 in Leicestershire have called for more to be done to protect older drivers.
A former US college athlete who was sentenced to three years in prison for sexually assaulting a female student has been released from jail.
More than £270m is to be spent to protect a coastal railway line in Devon and Cornwall after storms damaged it in 2014.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a gold-plated toilet that allows visitors to use it as they wish.
The life and work of a US artist whose paintings were inspired by views of the Sound of Sleat is to be celebrated at Skye College in Skye.
People have been using the BBC Scotland website to ask what they think about the rollout of superfast broadband in rural areas.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has dropped a target for Wales to be in the top 20 of European countries in science and maths by 2021.
Three TalkTalk employees have been arrested in the Indian city of Kolkata as part of an investigation into data theft, the company has said.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa after being ambushed by a man suspected of killing one of them and wounding the other.
More student teacher places are to be made available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form bodes well for Europe's chances at the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine in October.
Jeremy Corbyn is set to win Unison's backing in the Labour Party leadership contest after winning the backing of the union's members.
England's Luke Donald remains in contention at the WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai after a second round of 65.
Jamie Heaslip has been named in Ireland's side to face Wales in Saturday's Six Nations game in Cardiff.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended after allegations of gross misconduct were reported by a newspaper.
Netflix, the world's most popular video streaming service, is now available in every country outside the US and Canada.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club by mutual consent.
The calm before the storm: that is how you would describe the mood in Greece.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service has said.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to new research.
Former Australia international James Mason has been released by Catalans Dragons after failing to recover from injuries.
(Close): The FTSE 100 was boosted by a rise in Burberry and BHP Billiton, but mining shares were hit by a number of broker downgrades.
Details of members of Muslim Match, a dating website for married and divorced Muslims, have been leaked online after a security breach.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's vice-president, accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking.
A man has been stabbed in the chest by a man armed with a knife in north Belfast city centre.
An award-winning novel written in the 1980s has been published in the wake of Donald Trump's inauguration as US President.
Tanzania's president, John Kikwete, has sacked a minister accused of embezzling $1m (Â£700,000) from the country's treasury to fund a private school.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control, but while her enemies are not breathing down her neck, they are still in the room.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (Â£9bn) fine for selling risky mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James will be fit for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, according to her coach Shane Sutton.
South Korea's SKT have won the World League of Legends (LoL) title for the first time in the tournament's history.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the winner as 10-man Sheffield United beat Bury to move back into the League One play-off places.
In the aftermath of a close brush with death, one of the victims of a terrorist attack was taken to hospital to be treated for post-traumatic stress disorder.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
A man has been charged in the French capital, Paris, with involvement in the 13 November attacks, prosecutors say.
Great Britain's James Guy and Chloe Tutton won bronze medals at the Olympic Games in Rio.
The Scottish government is prepared to look at giving crofters in the Western Isles access to loans to help with the cost of building their own houses, Communities Secretary Stewart McLeod has said.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made up his mind to sell the club.
The pound has fallen against the dollar and the euro after the UK's inflation rate unexpectedly slowed in June.
A collision between Earth and a Mercury-like planet may have helped explain the abundance of carbon in the Earth's mantle, a study suggests.
Asian shares traded mostly higher on Friday, following a positive lead from Wall Street, where US stocks closed higher on Thursday.
The FBI has agreed to help police in the US state of Arkansas with its investigation into the San Bernardino shootings, just a day after the US government asked Apple to help.
Ayr United have revealed the design for their new badge after a design by a Peruvian designer.
A driver has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a church in Cardiff.
The family of a West Yorkshire teenager who travelled to Iraq to fight with Islamic State (IS) militants have said they are "heartbroken" by reports he was killed in an attack in the country.
Belfast Giants have announced that six players have signed new contracts with the Elite League club.
An 11-year-old boy who was found stabbed to death in his bedroom told a fellow pupil he was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been granted a variation in his bail conditions so he can travel to the Republic of Ireland.
A new £2.5m research centre to look at ways to reduce the cost of treating people with wounds has been set up by the Welsh government.
In the aftermath of the US missile strike on a Syrian government air base on Thursday night, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to accuse his predecessor of failing to put America first.
Ben Foderingham says the Rangers players were "disappointed" by the club's response to the alleged racist abuse of Scott Sinclair.
A doctor was contacted by Prince's team to see if he could help in the search for the singer, a lawyer for the musician's family has said.
Twelve streets in Edinburgh's Old Town have been chosen to be given a makeover as part of a project to "reconnect the people of Edinburgh with the Old Town".
Belgium has enforced a law that makes it a crime to wear the full face veil, or full veil, in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a crash in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has returned to Munster as a consultant.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Liberal Democrats, saying they offer a "credible opposition to a divisive Tory Brexit government".
The number of hectares of coca crops being cultivated in Colombia for the production of illegal drugs has increased significantly since 2015, according to a UN report.
He is not the most obvious choice to be described as a winger.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Jack Chudley has been ruled out for the rest of the season through injury.
Olympic gold medal-winning taekwondo champion Souleymane Cisse says he has become a "national symbol" for the people of Ivory Coast, but insists his celebrity status won't distract him from his goal of defending his title in Tokyo in 2020.
Talks aimed at resolving the Southern rail guards' industrial dispute will take place on Friday, the rail operator has said.
At least eight people have been killed and several are missing after an explosion at a cement factory in southern Portugal, officials say.
Cristian Gaviria, from the northern suburb of Montevideo in Uruguay's capital, has been growing cannabis since he was a teenager.
A hat that Princess Anne wore to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding has been auctioned off to raise money for charity.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in the North Sea.
Two British men have appeared in court in Abu Dhabi accused of illegally filming planes in the skies above the United Arab Emirates.
Hearts have completed the signing of Norway international Bjorn Johnsen from Dutch club ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee.
Two young people have joined a Benedictine order in Monmouthshire to work with elderly people and reduce social divisions between rich and poor people.
I think Louis van Gaal's first season as Manchester United manager has taught him that there are no easy games in the Premier League.
In the defence review published this week, the government will be looking at the threat posed to the UK by terrorism, the armed forces, Russia and other countries.
Wales' men's hockey team have been relegated to the EuroHockey A Division after losing to Scotland in their semi-final at the European Championships.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caerphilly county has been named by police.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter has praised the progress made by back-row Alex Woodburn since his move to Sandy Park in the summer.
Pep Guardiola's return as Manchester City manager has been drawn to face Barcelona in the Champions League group stage.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked people for their "blessings" for accepting his surprise decision to ban two of the country's most popular currency notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
England's Danny Willett leads the Race to Dubai Tour Championship by one shot after the first round at Dubai's Emirates Golf Club.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has given her backing to Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest.
All the litter wardens in Ashford have been suspended after being caught on camera in a BBC Panorama investigation.
(Close): The pound rose against the dollar and the euro after a survey indicated a sharp rise in UK services activity following the EU referendum.
Two nights of rioting in London have been described by police as the worst in the capital's history.
The number of cancer cases in Wales increased by more than 5% between 2006 and 2015, figures have shown.
I am looking forward to England's opening Group B game against Russia in Marseille on Saturday knowing that we will not have to play them again until the last 16 of Euro 2016.
The public will be allowed to ask for anonymity during the inquiry into undercover police operations in England and Wales, a High Court judge has ruled.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) is to investigate an incident in which a Keighley Cougars player claims he was bitten on the face by a fan at their Challenge Cup match at Fryston.
Shirley Temple, the US actress best known for her roles as a child star and diplomat, has died aged 88.
AFC Wimbledon have signed defender Ibrahim Abdou from Championship side Millwall for an undisclosed fee.
A Porto-based Portuguese football fan has been banned for four years for attacking a referee and insulting an opponent.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is returning to London's Royal Albert Hall to conduct this year's British Proms.
A woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin at a block of flats in Luton has been named by police as Samantha Winning.
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly investigate allegations of historical child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Southend United boss Phil Brown says refereeing was "at its worst" in the League One derby defeat by Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has set out her "top priority" to close the attainment gap between children in Scotland's most and least deprived areas.
At least 102 Hindu pilgrims have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Former Cameroon international forward Florent Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet as part of his plans to reform the world's largest oil exporter.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his private home.
The family of a man who died after the collapse of a building at Didcot Power Station have been told they can finally say goodbye to him.
A chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to teenage girls at a Carmarthenshire school has been sacked.
Lassie the fox is on track for a hat-trick of breeding success at the Loch of the Lowes, according to the Scottish Wildlife Trust.
Three people have escaped uninjured from a house fire in Cookstown, County Tyrone.
Action is needed to improve care at three residential homes run by Cornwall Care, the Care Quality Commission (CQC) has said.
As US President Donald Trump prepares to mark 100 days in the White House, we take a look back at some of his key campaign promises.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary at his home in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to find the gun used to kill him.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London.
Championship side London Welsh have been taken over by a US-based investment group following a winding-up petition against them.
A former head teacher at a school for children with learning difficulties has been charged with rape and indecent assault.
Head teachers are to hold seminars to help schools and colleges tackle the threat of radicalisation, in the wake of the three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State.
Theresa May has condemned North Korea's latest missile test as "outrageous" and "provocative".
British actress Karen Gillan has been cast as a villainous space pirate in the new Marvel film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United have named their summer transfer targets after securing Champions League football by winning the Europa League.
The remains of a medieval wool smuggling bridge have been uncovered after being uncovered as part of a multi-million pound project.
The UK has recorded the highest temperature ever recorded in a heatwave, with 38.7C (98F) at Heathrow Airport on Wednesday.
In the aftermath of the crash of the Germanwings flight en route from Cologne to Duesseldorf, questions are being asked about the actions of the co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz.
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons and keep alive their slim hopes of reaching the Pro12 play-offs.
Scientists say they have found a clue to the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs in the Chicxulub Crater.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a "ridiculous deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan batsman Aneurin Donald and wicketkeeper-batsman Dai Lloyd both made first-class centuries against Cambridge University.
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in an alleyway in north Belfast have appealed for witnesses who saw him in the early hours of Wednesday.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be in a family that's all into music?
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã©stman Styrke has lost five months to making her new album.
A secondary school in Oxfordshire could be closed after being placed in special measures following an inspection by Ofsted.
Three of the UK's intelligence agencies are using social media to target more women in their efforts to recruit more female staff, the government says.
A piece of coal has been presented to the Mayor of Doncaster to mark the end of deep coal mining in South Yorkshire.
Shrewsbury Town have completed the signing of defender Ryan Jules from Championship side Reading on a season-long loan deal.
The European Commission has blocked the takeover of O2 by Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of Three and Virgin Media.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Yousra Elbagir considers Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over Peterborough at Boundary Park.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been questioned by police in connection with a massive corruption scandal at the country's state-run oil company, Petrobras.
Astronomers are preparing for the return of "space weather" caused by the Sun's powerful eruptions of charged particles into space.
Bath have signed England lock Geoff Parling and back-row Olly Woodburn from Leicester Tigers.
(Close): Mining shares dragged the FTSE 100 lower, with Antofagasta and Rolls-Royce among the biggest fallers.
Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $1.3m (Â£1.1m) in a charity auction for a lunch date with the tech giant's chief executive on eBay.
Bruno Traore has been included in Guinea's squad for their opening Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea-Bissau on 6 September.
Cape Verde missed out on qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals as Zambia held them to a goalless draw in their final group game.
Volunteers are being sought to help out at an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire.
All frontline staff working on Britain's rail network should be trained to stop people taking their own lives, the government has said.
Susie Wolff's role as a test driver for Williams will be extended next year, the team have announced.
National League side Boreham Wood have re-signed striker Josh Lucas on loan from Bristol Rovers for the rest of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have opened a garden at Kensington Palace to mark the anniversary of the death of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
At least 13 people have been killed in a van attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona in which a driver deliberately drove a van into a crowded area of Las Ramblas, one of Europe's busiest tourist attractions.
Work to upgrade a roundabout on the A55 and A483 in Wrexham has been delayed, causing "chaos" for motorists.
Defending champion Phil Taylor set up a PDC World Championship quarter-final against Raymond van Barneveld with a sixth-set win over Kim Huybrechts.
People in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people in a bid to unlock the secrets of rare and common diseases.
Jonathan Crofts says his decision to rejoin Gillingham on loan until the end of the season gives him the best chance of making Wales' Euro 2016 squad.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England warmed up for the first Test against South Africa with an eight-wicket win over South Africa at Edgbaston.
The body of a helicopter has been recovered from a Snowdonia peak after it was forced to make an emergency landing.
Education Secretary John Swinney has defended the Scottish government's funding deal for local authorities, saying some of the criticism of the deal was "over the top".
Thousands of sheep have been sold at a major livestock auction in Sutherland.
More than 1,000 people from the UK were at Cape Canaveral on Monday for the launch of the US space shuttle Discovery.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a London-based politician, officials say.
A heritage group in Lancashire has called on the French government to investigate a dispute over access to a World War Two memorial.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will not run for re-election as mayor of London if the UK votes to leave the European Union has been widely reported around the world.
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys thanks to a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game in the Premier League season.
A jobseeker has said she is "furious" after being sent an e-mail describing her as a "difficult to assess oddball" and a "left-wing loon tree hugger".
A Christmas Carol, starring actor Jim Broadbent as Ebenezer Scrooge, has been praised by critics, with one calling it a "weakened" modern retelling of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol.
A growing number of women are turning to smartphone apps to track their menstrual cycle - but should they be wary of using them as a form of contraception?
The sisters of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius have said they feel "heartache" for his family ahead of his sentencing for killing his girlfriend.
Salford Red Devils have released full-back Ryan Chase, half-back Ben Hansen and forward Tom Paterson, but will allow Alex Fages to leave the Super League club.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his side's "best route" to qualifying for the Champions League.
Dame Judi Dench has announced a new appeal to raise funds for Surrey Wildlife Trust.
A new coin featuring a portrait of the Queen has been unveiled to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee.
Patients in England can no longer get a GP appointment when they need one after David Cameron's five years in government, Labour has said.
Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" on Europe after finishing top of the Ryder Cup points table at the WGC-HSBC Champions in New York.
Five men who tried to ram a police car outside a McDonald's restaurant in Carnoustie posed a "significant threat to public safety", a police watchdog has said.
More than 36 motorcyclists were killed on London's roads last year, according to figures released by Transport for London (TfL).
Manchester United midfielder Sean McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland team's squad for this year's Milk Cup.
Inspectors have found staff at a Wrexham hospital were under "considerable pressure" in the accident and emergency department last year.
Nigeria international defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Premier League side Chelsea.
A man accused of carrying out a deadly gun attack at an airport in Florida has appeared in court in the US state.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby was "ashamed" of deriving sexual gratification from child pornography, the Old Bailey has heard.
A new Marine Protected Area (MPA) for the Ross Sea, home to some of the world's most important penguins, whales and seals, has been agreed by world leaders.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali.
US author and actress Jackie Collins, best known for her best-selling novel Hollywood Wives, has died aged 80, her family has said.
A 70-year-old Japanese woman accused of murdering four men, including her fourth husband, by poisoning them with cyanide has denied killing them, according to media reports.
A fish that escaped from a pet shop's fish tank after it was flooded has been found at a nearby petrol station.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has been reinstated by the country's selectors following his suspension for criticising their selection policy.
A man who went on the run after posting photos of himself enjoying the "high life" on social media has been recaptured by police.
Strictly Come Dancing contestants Steve Backshall and Ola Jordan have spoken to Newsbeat about claims that they were bullied on the show.
A Welsh actor is to play a leading role in a new TV drama which tackles the issue of mental health.
Bristol City manager Kevin Sturrock says he has been forced to bring in players from the club's youth side to make up his makeshift squad.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk says the explosion of a Falcon rocket at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station was the "most difficult and complex failure" his company has had in 14 years.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two men who claim they were racially abused by Metropolitan Police officers have been awarded £11,900 in damages.
Zimbabwe's president and first lady have returned home from South Africa after the South African government granted her immunity from prosecution over an alleged assault.
A court in eastern Russia has sentenced three teenage girls to jail sentences for performing a "twerk dance" at a memorial to World War Two victory in the Battle of the Somme.
Portsmouth midfielder Charlie Webster has joined League Two side Notts County for an undisclosed fee, while defender Jack Clarke has signed a new three-year deal.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to a report by Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald insists Pedro Costinha is not trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in Scotland.
Welsh pole vaulter Sally Peake is aiming to set a new Welsh record at the Welsh Indoor Championships in Cardiff on Saturday.
In the aftermath of the Peshawar school massacre, questions are being asked about who carried out the attack.
Banking and insurance group Old Mutual has announced plans to separate its four main business units, including Nedbank and Old Mutual Wealth.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal to sign former Morecambe midfielder Alex Barkhuizen.
Ten more Chinese cities have been issued "red alerts for air pollution, the environmental ministry has said.
A "morality police" is a term often used to describe a police force set up to enforce strict Islamic laws in public places, such as schools and hospitals.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats eased past Huddersfield Giants to set up a Challenge Cup semi-final against Hull KR at Wembley in May.
Two cars have been found on top of each other in the back of a car park in Dumfries and Galloway.
Director Christopher Nolan, actor Ralph Fiennes and actor Andy Serkis were among the winners at this year's Empire UK film awards.
In the oil and gas industry, as in many other sectors of the economy, there is no shortage of people with experience of drilling for oil.
A supermarket is turning its doors to make it easier for people with autism to shop without feeling "overwhelmed" by crowds.
Ten years ago, in the aftermath of the start of the war in Syria, David Barrett was working as a volunteer in Lebanon's refugee camps.
An artificial intelligence system has become the first machine to play video games as well as play chess and chess, according to researchers at Google.
Aston Villa have appointed Chinese businessman Dr Xia Xia as their new owner.
Brazil's intelligence agency was not informed by the French authorities about a possible attack on the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, a senior French general has said.
Hibernian have signed Danny Swanson from St Johnstone for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
European Union leaders are trying to find a solution to the migrant crisis, which has seen record numbers of migrants and refugees arriving in the EU.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed a new type of petrol engine that uses a motor that ignites when the fuel-air mixture hits a catalyst.
A man has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace eagle mascot Kayla the Eagle's handler at a FA Cup match at Selhurst Park.
Former Guatemalan military leader General Efrain Rios Montt has been declared mentally unfit to stand trial, according to a medical report.
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go fans not to use its A&E unit to play the augmented reality game.
Newcastle Falcons have re-signed England back-row forward Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers.
Nadia is one of the UK's rising stars of dancehall and grime, with a sound that's been described as "hard-hitting, dancehall infused fun".
Ten-man Millwall came from behind to beat 10-man Bury and move to within a point of the League One play-off places.
Three Chinese astronauts have returned to Earth after their mission to the Tiangong-1 space laboratory, state media report.
The chairman of a project to restore Cardigan Castle has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution", he has said.
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with a man suspected of being a member of a far-right extremist group, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended the targeting of Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton, saying it is "part of rugby union".
The Scotsman publisher Johnston Press has reported a sharp rise in profits and revenues for 2015, despite continuing "challenging" trading conditions.
A Birmingham free school opened by Prime Minister David Cameron has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted inspectors.
A campaign to raise £100,000 to fund legal action against former Prime Minister Tony Blair and others involved in the 2003 invasion of Iraq has reached its target.
Ma Zuodong beat China's Zhang Jiajie 4-1 to win Olympic gold in the men's singles judo.
An Australian woman who was paralysed in a bushfire in 2011 has become the first person to complete an Ironman triathlon in Hawaii.
At the start of the 20th Century, Philips was the world's biggest home entertainment company.
Europe's instrument for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has passed its final test phase.
Western Sahara officials have welcomed Morocco's decision to rejoin the African Union.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife, actress Amber Heard, have filed for divorce, according to court documents filed in California.
Nigeria used to be one of Africa's most successful footballing nations.
Police in Dumfries and Galloway have said there were no major incidents during the annual Nychburris Horse Show.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has said the results of a survey to find out how people feel about independence will be published once it has been completed.
The mother of a three-year-old girl with leukaemia has paid tribute to the donors who saved her daughter's life.
Comedian Jenny Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the way violence against women is portrayed in TV dramas like The Fall.
A multi-million pound loan secured by a shopping centre in east London has been sold.
The Angolan government has abandoned plans to introduce a controversial law that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on the internet.
Hungary, also known as the Kingdom of Hungary, is a small country in Central Europe with a long Adriatic and Iberian peninsula.
A woman's hair was set on fire in a "nasty and extremely dangerous" arson attack at a McDonald's restaurant, police have said.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign a controversial new law that would make it a crime to be gay.
US director Ava DuVernay has apologised after her film, Gods of Egypt, was criticised for failing to reflect the diversity of its time period.
Wales face Belgium in their final group game before the Euro 2016 quarter-final on Tuesday with a place in the semi-finals on the line.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the death of a pregnant woman who was stabbed to death in east London.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has joined the cast of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will look to move off the bottom of the Irish Premiership table when they take on Dungannon Swifts at Ferney Park on Monday night.
The lack of access to superfast broadband in Wales is like not having access to water, one of the UK's leading technology figures has said.
The parents of a British woman who was murdered in Italy in 2012 have called for a meeting with the Italian government to "get answers" about their daughter's death.
UK industrial output fell in February, partly due to a fall in the construction sector, according to official figures.
There are many young people in Northern Ireland who feel frustrated by what they see as the lack of opportunities at Stormont.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Premier League side.
A man has been charged with using drones to drop drugs and mobile phones into a prison's exercise yard.
Strong winds and heavy rain are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Indian author Hemant Ghosh has been giving social media users a tour of the official residence of India's President Pranab Mukherjee.
The risk of a repeat of the Christmas Day flood that destroyed a Grade II listed bridge remains, according to a report.
Ipswich Town have signed striker Ryan Moore from National League side Tranmere Rovers for an undisclosed fee and defender Ryan Spence on a short-term deal.
Worcestershire made a strong start to their reply to Glamorgan's first-innings score of 141-3 at Chester-le-Street.
The Netherlands' poor start to their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign continued as they lost 2-0 to Iceland in Reykjavik.
Human remains found during a search for one of the Disappeared, Kevin McKee, have been formally identified as those of IRA murder victims Seamus Wright and Seamus McKee.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Adlington has opened a new £1.5m sports and leisure centre in Wrexham.
Plans to redevelop Stoke-on-Trent Town Football Club's former ground into a housing development have been approved by Stoke City Council.
US department stores Macy's and Kohl's have reported a sharp fall in sales as shoppers increasingly shop online and at discount chains such as Nordstrom.
The National Air Traffic Control System (Nats) says it has successfully tracked aircraft using TV signals instead of radar.
More than 100 police forces in England and Wales are being investigated by the police watchdog, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), in the wake of the Rotherham abuse scandal.
Charlton Athletic have completed the signing of striker Christian Benteke from Dutch side Ajax Amsterdam Red Bull Salzburg for an undisclosed fee.
Scientists believe they have identified a gene defect which may be responsible for some cases of male infertility.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been sent home from Stormont while he and his wife, Bernie, are on a trade mission to China.
A church in North Yorkshire has been left with a "musty smell" from the urine and faeces of a colony of bats.
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group after the death of a teenager in a street brawl in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he would not be interested in a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua after the Briton's win over Wladimir Klitschko.
Maesteg Harlequins prop Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for failing a drugs test.
World number one Angelique Kerber survived a scare to see off Italian qualifier Gabriella Falconi and reach the second round of Wimbledon.
The number of UK households renting property is set to rise sharply, according to a surveyors' group.
West Ham United eased into the EFL Cup third round with a comfortable 2-0 win at Cheltenham Town.
Greenock Morton defender Kevin Duffy says a Rangers win in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round replay at Ibrox would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault following an investigation into the rape of a woman in Sunderland.
Plans to use old quarry sites in Snowdonia to store water to generate electricity have been approved by the Environment Agency.
Dover's National League game at Macclesfield Town has been postponed because of standing water on the playing surface.
Wales beat England 2-0 to seal their place in the semi-finals of the European Championships in 1986.
Prof Stephen Hawking is leading a competition to find the best way to put science experiments into space.
Police are investigating after a car was deliberately set on fire in West Lothian.
Every council in Wales should be legally obliged to provide toilets in every town and village, campaigners have said.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike after rejecting a new pay offer, the Unite union has said.
The father of the man who carried out last week's bombing in the Turkish capital, Ankara, has been identified as the bomber, officials say.
Plans to divert water from a waterfall in Snowdonia to power a hydro power plant have been rejected by Natural Resources Wales.
An elderly pensioner has denied causing the death of a teenager who was killed when her car reversed over her at a petrol station in Renfrewshire.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than the closure of pubs, a former UKIP MP has claimed.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley.
Firefighters in England and Wales are set to go on strike on Wednesday in a row over plans to make firefighters work until they are 60.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival militias in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, medics say.
A man accused of trying to defraud insurance companies out of £144,000 has told a court he had previously expressed his opposition to personal injury claims.
I'm looking forward to the second week of Wimbledon after winning the men's singles on Centre Court on Sunday.
A rare piece of pottery dating back to the 17th Century has been featured in a new episode of the BBC documentary series Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus has begun assembling the first satellites for its OneWeb project, which aims to build the world’s largest ever satellite network.
A mother and her baby girl who were missing in Pembrokeshire have been found safe and well.
Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has appealed against his manslaughter conviction in South Africa's highest court.
A Japanese court has given the go-ahead for the restarting of two nuclear reactors that were shut down after the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Aberdeen's first ever Comedy Festival is getting under way.
Ex-Crewe striker Kevin Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him to give a statement about being sexually abused as a child.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in the law to allow revenge porn victims to reveal their names.
The head of India's film censor board has resigned over the apparent clearance of a controversial film starring a controversial Sikh guru.
Is it too much to ask for your hair to grow back?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of the BBC's film programme Claudia Winklemans on Film 2016, the corporation has announced.
More than a quarter of rail passengers are paying too much for their tickets, according to research by the rail regulator.
University staff at Wrexham University have walked out in a row over pay and conditions.
It's that time of year again - the time when the Christmas lights go up, the tinsel is unwrapped, the tree is decorated and the presents are opened.
Glasgow-based oil and gas services firm Aggreko has completed the acquisition of North America-based HVAC equipment rental firm Dryco.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said US President-elect Donald Trump shares "obvious similarities" with him.
Ten men have been cautioned by North Wales Police after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat promotion-chasing Dover at Moss Rose.
The Rolling Stones are "definitely" planning a world tour, guitarist Mick Jagger has said.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Preston North End missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places after a goalless draw at Barnsley.
A US basketball player has been banned from playing in South Korea after being accused of falsifying her birth certificate to show she had a South Korean grandmother.
Families with children under the age of five will be able to claim tax-free vouchers to help with the cost of childcare, the government has announced.
Residents in Ceredigion are being asked for their views of the best place to host the National Eisteddfod.
Mark Rowley has resigned as coach of Championship side Leigh Centurions.
"I think it's a good idea," says Liisa Ronkainen, one of the 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who have been chosen to take part in a two-year experiment to see whether providing a basic income will make them more eager to go into short-term jobs.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the first time in over a decade.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Pyrgos says it will be a "huge honour" to captain the side at the World Cup.
A BBC team embedded with Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul has captured footage of the battle for the city.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have briefly met at the Asean regional summit in Laos.
Taylor Swift has said she was "surprised" to see photos of a lookalike who she thought looked like her.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500 closed little changed on Monday, with energy and technology stocks holding back the Nasdaq's gains.
The goal scorer in football matches is usually someone who has to manually sum up the key moments of the game.
A human foot has been found in a park in Weston-super-Mare.
Plans to demolish three buildings to make way for a multi-million pound development have been approved by Dorset councillors.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has withdrawn a judge set to hear an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy against the Prophet Muhammad.
More than 90% of mental health patients in Wales are to be treated within eight weeks of being assessed, the Welsh government has announced.
Former Australian rugby union and rugby league star Josh Hunt has been charged with drug trafficking in Queensland, Australia.
Former England all-rounder Gareth Lewis says he wants to help young cricketers avoid the "potential pitfalls" of a professional career.
Ross County maintained their lead at the top of the Premiership with a hard-fought win over Kilmarnock at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a bonus-point win over Connacht at the RDS.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight for their African Cup of Nations second round tie against Uganda's KCCA on Wednesday.
A Cornish tin mine, which featured in the TV series Poldark, is to be restored after 14 years of "little or no investment".
Donald Trump has accused Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses, saying the Texas senator "stole" the contest.
Jazz Carlin says she finally started believing in herself after years of doubting whether she was good enough to win an Olympic medal at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed as England's permanent manager after four games in charge of the national team.
In the wake of the election result, impressionists have been reflecting on their losses and their triumphs.
A letter written by Cervantes to his wife shortly before she was to marry him has been sold at auction for £1,500.
The first of Loganair's new-build aircraft has been given a major refurbishment as part of the airline's £15m investment programme.
Police are looking for a family who left a young girl in hospital after telling staff her real name was Mashael Aldosari.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its 2015 results as it continues to assess the impact of the diesel emissions scandal in the US.
Tens of thousands of Gorkha hardliners have gone on strike in the Indian state of West Bengal to protest against their demand for greater autonomy in the Darjeeling region.
Norwich City striker Leon Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was like "a Yaya Toure goal".
Great Britain's women ended their World Cup campaign with a 3-2 win over New Zealand to secure their first medal of the tournament.
The Confederation of African Football secretary general, Mohamed El Amrani, has resigned following the ousting of long-time president Issa Hayatou.
Police are looking for a missing elderly man who has gone missing from a hospital in Cardiff.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's permanent captain after Michael Clarke announced his retirement from international cricket last week.
Partick Thistle midfielder Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the Firhill outfit.
A drink-driver who was found by a member of the public sleeping in his car with his trousers down has been given a community payback order and an unpaid work order.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed midfielder Jamey Hector on a season-long loan from Premier League side Chelsea.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament, former cabinet minister David Blunkett has said.
Guiseley maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a 1-1 draw at Gateshead.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Ryan Robinson and Fulham defender Luke Pringle.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take a "full debrief" of Orange Order parades after footage emerged of people apparently singing a sectarian song.
UK scientists will be able to carry out the first experiments in the world to genetically modify human embryos, the UK's fertility regulator has said.
Australia maintained their perfect record in Australia's one-day series with a five-wicket win over India in Perth.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
It's been a tough few weeks for the heads of NHS trusts in England.
The former head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue if he was in the position of Cardinal George Brady.
The families of two men who died in a head-on crash in Nottinghamshire have paid tribute to them.
A suspicious vehicle has been found by Army bomb disposal officers following a security alert in Edinburgh city centre.
The number of people in work in the UK increased by 69,000 in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Underlying sales at Unilever, the world's biggest maker of household goods, have fallen short of analysts' expectations, hit by slowing growth in emerging markets.
Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga fighters have tested positive for traces of mustard gas after being wounded by mortars fired by Islamic State (IS) militants, Kurdish officials say.
A man has been rescued from the back of a stolen car after it plunged into a reservoir following a police pursuit.
Care homes in England have been added to a new website that allows people to check on the quality of care they receive.
An algorithm that uses artificial intelligence to make investment decisions has been hired by a venture capital firm to make recommendations on which companies to invest in.
US cosmetics firm Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $10m (Â£6.5m) in damages to the family of a woman who died from cancer after a jury found it was liable for selling products containing talcum powder linked to ovarian cancer.
French rider Pierre Rolland won the penultimate stage of the Giro d'Italia in a sprint finish on Wednesday.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's injury-time equaliser earned Wycombe a draw at Morecambe to keep alive their faint hopes of a League Two play-off spot.
An 86-year-old woman who confronted a would-be shoplifter who tried to steal bacon from her supermarket trolley has been praised by police.
You may have seen the trailer for the new Liam Neeson movie, but this is the real deal.
The parents of a baby girl who was found dead on a double decker bus have denied murdering her.
The Danish shipping firm Maersk says it is "pleased" to learn that the crew of a container ship seized in the Strait of Hormuz on Tuesday are "safe and in good spirits".
Pedro has been released from hospital after being treated for a head injury sustained in Chelsea's win over Shanghai Shenhua on Saturday.
Three people have appeared in court accused of preparing for a terrorist attack in the UK.
Labour has won Cardiff South and Penarth in a by-election to replace an MP who resigned to stand in the police and crime commissioner elections.
About 60 people have taken to the streets of Theddlethorpe to protest against plans for a wind farm in the Lincolnshire Wolds.
President Obama will not be able to sign the Paris climate agreement at the United Nations General Assembly in New York on Wednesday.
A murder inquiry has been launched following the death of a man and the discovery of his wife's body in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, research suggests.
More than 1,200 people are waiting up to a year for an urgent consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital in County Down, according to new figures.
A man has been injured in an incident involving a firework in north Belfast.
Nigel and Barbara Stevens moved to Spain because of the weather, Nellie says.
Dozens of bottles of detergent known as 'Vanish' detergent have washed up on a Cornish beach, prompting conservationists to warn the public to keep pets at a safe distance.
Women's Super League Two side Yeovil Town Town Ladies have re-signed striker Sarah Heatherson for the 2017 WSL 1 season.
A football fan from Northern Ireland has denied taking part in racist chanting during the FA Cup final.
A Cheshire council leader has been asked to resign over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness firm that won council contracts.
Shares in Premier Natural Resources have risen sharply after the oil and gas firm said its deal to buy E.On's North Sea assets was no longer being treated as a reverse takeover.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table with a hard-fought 2-1 win over Bohemians.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at a car carrying suspected shoplifters outside a Michigan home improvement store.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough cruised to a 4-1 win at Bristol Rovers in League Two.
A Pembrokeshire coach firm has gone into administration and is seeking a buyer to save the business.
Dundee United have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Juan Etxabeguren on a short-term deal.
Thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes in the northern Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta) after thick smog enveloped the city.
Jose Fernandez was born in Cuba to a Cuban father and an American mother.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between Sunni tribesmen and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada plane was forced to make an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport after it came within 30m (65ft) of colliding with other planes waiting to take off, a report says.
Three brothers have been jailed after being convicted of grooming and sexually abusing girls in Rotherham.
The House of Lords has warned that the UK's fishing communities could be at risk of being "marginalised" in the Brexit negotiations.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to make concessions in the final days of the campaign to leave the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
In the wake of the terror attack at Westminster, many questions have been asked about the security measures in place to protect the public.
Arsenal have agreed a deal to sign teenage defender Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw.
At least 123 people are now known to have been killed in a landslide in southern Colombia, officials say.
A man has been arrested as part of the investigation into the London Bridge terror attack, police have said.
The president of European football's governing body, Uefa, Josep Maria Villar, has resigned after being arrested in Spain.
The use of wild animals in circuses could lead to the eventual closure of zoos in Scotland, it has been claimed.
A man who stabbed a nurse to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for life for her murder.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a Syrian man in connection with the murders of 36 people in Syria in 2013.
Sheffield Wednesday moved within five points of Championship leaders Derby County thanks to Ross Wallace's first-half winner against Huddersfield Town.
A French TV channel says it has found traces of fuel additives from the petrol industry in the silicone used to make a breast implant linked to ruptured implants given to women in Europe.
Labour's Welsh leader has told the party's conference in Wrexham to "fight for Wales in Westminster and take on the Tories' appalling treatment of our nation".
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in the country's history, with a song in the Portuguese language.
Four councillors were spotted nodding off during a debate on children's services in Gloucestershire, it has emerged.
Ireland's Michael Dunne finished second behind Italy's Francesco Molinari after a play-off at the BMW PGA Championship in Shanghai.
A record number of godwits have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree in the Western Isles.
Papers in China have warned the US secretary of state nominee that any attempt to block China's access to disputed islands in the South China Sea would be "foolish".
The hunt for an animal that sparked a major alert in northern France on Thursday night has been scaled back, officials say.
Three people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into the illegal use of malware to spy on people through their webcams.
The head of Fifa's audit and compliance committee has ruled himself out of the running to lead an independent taskforce to reform the organisation.
A comic book adapted from the hit 2004 film It has been named the winner of the Waterstones Children's Book Prize.
Nurses at Eastbourne's DGH have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade services at the Eastbourne hospital.
Guinea has become the first country in West Africa to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus after two 21-day incubation periods.
MPs are to debate whether US presidential hopeful Donald Trump should be banned from entering the UK.
A 16th Century painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a campaign to raise £1.7m to conserve it.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died.
A pilot is in a critical condition in hospital after his light aircraft crashed in the garden of a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United boss Stuart McCall says claims his side were intimidated by Millwall fans during Saturday's pitch invasion are "nonsense".
The next stage of scrutiny of the Scotland Bill has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations between the Scottish and UK governments to progress.
A Palestinian court has ruled that elections due to be held in the West Bank and Gaza on Sunday will be postponed.
Nigeria's former national security adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested in connection with a controversial arms deal, officials say.
Georgia head coach Alexander Haig says the Lelos have "outgrown" the current Six Nations format, and is calling for the competition to be expanded to seven or eight teams.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Perthshire has been named by police.
An actress from Nigeria's popular Hausa film industry has been banned from the industry after appearing in a video in which she held hands with a pop star.
House prices in England and Wales have risen faster than in Scotland, Scotland and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died aged 93.
A project to celebrate the life and poetry of a 17th Century poet is to be launched in the Scottish Borders.
In the old town of Timbuktu, in northern Mali, a young man named Touma Toumani Toure and a young woman named Karia Cisse are celebrating the return of music to the city.
A Dyfed-Powys Police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man who was attacked by another officer.
A prison dog has been withdrawn after biting a teenage girl during a drug test, the Ministry of Justice has said.
It is hard to get a clear view of the Atacama desert from the Pacific Coast of Chile, but it is easy to spot it when you get close to it.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not keep records of child sexual exploitation.
A man who was a regular on the Joan Rivers Show and sold his entire collection of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" to many Muslims, one of the UK's most senior Muslim police officers has said.
Great Britain's handball association has said it hopes to find a way to restore funding after the men's and women's teams failed to qualify for the Olympic Games in Rio.
Shares in Nissan Motor ended lower on Friday, after the Japanese carmaker admitted it had falsified fuel efficiency data for its vehicles.
The British government has returned to Libya for the first time since the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi and the installation of a UN-backed government.
US actor George Clooney and his wife are seeking permission to install CCTV cameras in the grounds of their Oxfordshire mansion.
In the run-up to the general election on 8 May, BBC Scotland's iNeverKnew will be looking at the issues that matter most to you.
The PSNI's chief constable has said an exit from the European Union would make policing in Northern Ireland "simpler, more complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new contract with the Super Eagles.
England were comprehensively beaten by South Africa in the second Twenty20 international to lose the one-day series 2-0.
Lille midfielder Mamadou Bissouma has signed a new contract to stay with the French Ligue 1 club until June 2019.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate Diwali.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A lifeboat crew member has resigned after claims he was "bullied" by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Virat Kohli's India captaincy in Sunday's Champions Trophy final against Pakistan at The Oval will not be the first time he will have to deal with the weight of expectation on his shoulders.
No charges will be brought against a vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenager, prosecutors have said.
Talks aimed at averting further industrial action in the North Sea are to resume next week.
Essex's batsmen continued their fine starts to the first day of their County Championship match against Northamptonshire at Chelmsford.
A man who posed as a Polish national to rob a Fife bank has been remanded in custody.
A Labour peer who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the party has accepted a peerage in Jeremy Corbyn's resignation honours list.
We arrived at the Bitcoin Research Centre in London's Belgravia district to find a room filled with what appeared to be people who had no idea that we were there.
A teenager has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man who was hit by a car in Salford.
People are being asked what they think about plans to downgrade maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital.
A North Korean hacking group is believed to have been behind the global ransomware attack that hit organisations around the world in May, UK officials say.
A new team has been appointed by Powys council to deal with complaints about rogue estate agents following the disbanding of the Office of Offshore Trading Standards (OFT).
They are Britain's most decorated Olympians of all time.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has identified 27 more victims of alleged torture in Syria, including 27 who died in detention.
A Sinn Féin MP has said he is "confused and bemused" by Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire's decision not to take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it is investigating an incident in which a match official, Mohamed Otogo-Castane, appeared to strike a referee in the head with his elbow.
On the wall in the main hall of the Ohio State University, in the middle of the auditorium, there is a large poster board, emblazoned with the slogan of the Republican presidential candidate.
Gaia Vince is the winner of the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about the impact of human activities on the Earth.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Thailand's capital, Bangkok, in a last-ditch bid to force the government to call early elections.
A man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a hit-and-run in Greater Manchester.
The Scottish government will not be given the power to cut air passenger duty (APD) on direct flights to Scotland from Northern Ireland airports for now.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will lead the national side on their 2017 summer tour of New Zealand.
Satellite images showing the destruction of an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq by Islamic State (IS) militants suggest it was blown up in 2014.
Veterans of the last 50 years of military service have no greater risk of suicide than non-veterans, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to social care services, according to a report.
England captain Eoin Morgan is a "world-class player" despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott, says team-mate James Anderson.
It has been described as Scotland's answer to Peter Pan's Neverland but it has been a tale of a building that has seen its fortunes change dramatically over the course of its history.
Mae Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu chynnwys ar y rhestr am eu bod yn cynnig rhywbeth newydd i ymwelwyr i Gymru.
NHS cuts are leading to the "creeping privatisation" of health services, candidates in Stoke-on-Trent Central have claimed.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined by the competition watchdog for illegally blocking the entry of cheaper generic drugs into the UK market.
The founder of Italian football club AC Milan is set to be honoured by the Sheriff of Nottingham to mark the centenary of his death.
A new case of bird flu has been confirmed in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been injured after being hit by a van while working on a dual carriageway in Devon.
A man carrying a gun was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama in the White House, US media reports say.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi dweud eu swyddogion yn cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yng Nghymru.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein's former deputy Shwe Mann has resigned from the main opposition party in a move that could pave the way for a possible alliance with the opposition.
No charges will be brought against hounds involved in a "horrific" illegal hunt, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
When it comes to breaking down in tears, US House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner has never been one to hold back.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the first by an Indian prime minister to the US since he took office in May 2014.
Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell has launched a scathing attack on the "extreme political, union and media campaign" against the firm.
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking, according to Canadian media reports.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Libya's UN-backed unity government has asked the international community for help to train and equip its forces to fight so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) has appeared in court in the capital, Madrid, to face allegations of illegal payments linked to the party.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have signed a series of agreements during their first meeting in Dhaka.
A pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer who thought his abuser was dead until he found his obituary.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Four British tourists who were jailed in Malaysia after stripping naked on a mountain peak have been sentenced to three months in jail.
Finding Dory has held on to the top spot in the UK box office, beating Suicide Squad to the number one spot.
Babies born in the UK are more likely to be born by Caesarean section than in other European Union countries, a study suggests.
A council chief executive has been suspended following an investigation into allegations of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the World Taekwondo Championships in 2017 has been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new contract to stay at the Spanish club until June 2020.
Mae'r Gymraeg wedi cael eu cynnig yw Gwyddoniaeth, Hanes, Daearyddiaeth, Astudiaethau Crefyddol, Ffrangeg a Thechnoleg Gwybodaeth a Chyfathrebu yn Llanfair-ym-Muallt.
World champion Mark Williams will play in the qualifying rounds for the World Snooker Championship.
Three people have been charged after a protest at Heathrow Airport over plans to expand the runway.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump.
Charlton Athletic have released striker Hossein Ghoochannejhad and defender Marco Motta.
A former Gloucestershire Police officer who used his position to groom women to have sex with him has been jailed.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline the Isle of Wight Festival in 2015.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave the airport in Moscow, his lawyer has said, contradicting earlier reports.
Norwich City have appointed former manager Jim Money as their assistant manager.
Vladimir Putin has said that Russia will always defend the interests of the Syrian government and its ally, President Bashar al-Assad.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized on a river in Surrey.
A memorial fountain to the Czech and Slovak soldiers who took part in a daring World War Two air raid has been unveiled.
More than £22m has been raised to fund events to celebrate Hull's year as the UK's cultural capital.
South Yorkshire Police chief David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict.
Austria says it will limit the number of asylum-seekers it accepts.
Dutch prosecutors say they have found missile parts that could be linked to the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine.
A Pembrokeshire council has been criticised for failing to report concerns about a former youth worker who was later jailed for sexually abusing a boy.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been given the all-clear to return to the UK for a bone marrow transplant.
Fossils found in Canada show that wildfires shaped the evolution of the first pine trees, according to scientists.
A bid to raise concerns about the amount of sand and shingle that will be used to recharge a Cotswolds beach has been defended by the council's chief executive.
Chelsea's return to the top of the Premier League table has been largely down to Antonio Conte's ability to turn the tables on his former club, but how is he doing it?
British Olympic gold medallist Jack Burnell won the men's 100m freestyle title at the British Swimming Championships in London.
Martin McGuinness has been re-elected as first minister of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Callum Nelson and Plymouth striker Ryan Rooney on loan deals.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £20,000 each for failing to control their players in Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final at Villa Park.
Three members of staff have been arrested following the death of a pupil who fell into a swimming pool.
Emma Croker will make her first start of the Women's Six Nations campaign for England against Ireland on Saturday.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in north Belfast on Thursday.
Debris from an area of woodland at the site of reported sightings of the Loch Ness Monster could be the source of the creature's tracks, experts have said.
Growth in the UK economy slowed in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown, but manufacturing output showed its first fall in two years.
A road in County Durham has been closed to allow emergency repairs to be carried out to a damaged bridge.
Mauritius football goalkeeper Leopold Leopard has been arrested in connection with the discovery of heroin with an estimated street value of Â£1m, police say.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to finish second in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The artist Damien Hirst has announced plans to write an autobiography about his life and work.
Aberdeen chief executive Stewart Milne has said the club remains committed to building a new stadium in Perthshire.
Two dogs rescued by an animal sanctuary after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash in Snowdonia have found new owners.
A man has been charged with causing the death by dangerous driving of a six-year-old girl who was killed in a head-on crash.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was killed after leaving her car in a layby.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Natasha Eboune has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Women's Super League One side.
A new gym has opened its doors to the public after it was forced to close due to a lack of space.
Benedict Cumberbatch director Quentin Tarantino has said he was flattered to work with composer Ennio Morricone, despite once saying he would never have worked with the director.
Nile Dasaolu secured his place at the Olympic Games in Rio with victory in the men's 100m at the British Championships in Birmingham.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report.
Up to 100 new jobs are to be created at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle.
New Leicester Tigers owner Steve Bates says the club's main priority is to quickly form a team to compete in the new season.
A teenager has died following an incident at a building site in Gloucestershire.
A woman charged with murdering her child has been remanded in custody at Belfast's Castlewellan Hospital.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man who was stabbed and attacked with an axe a year ago have said they believe his killer is still at large.
The Home Office has been urged to issue "urgent guidance" to staff involved in deporting people from UK airports about the dangers of using unauthorised restraint techniques.
Researchers in South Africa are studying the role of genes in the development of cancer and how they affect the body's ability to fight the disease.
People living with HIV should start antiretroviral drug treatment much earlier, according to "clear-cut proof" that it is better to give them treatment, say scientists.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder Sean McAllister on a short-term deal.
Farmers will be able to divert water away from their fields to improve flood defences, the government has announced.
A Briton has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man in a competition inspired by the hit TV series Fred Flintstone.
More than 5,000 people in the UK were caught out by holiday-booking scams last year, according to Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have raised concerns about some schools previously inspected by an independent inspectorate, including one where the only female governor was seen at a meeting of the school's board.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitchell Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
West Ham Ladies have signed an agreement with the club's board and vice-chairman to help improve their women's team.
More needs to be done to encourage more young people from poorer backgrounds to consider a career in the arts, a report has said.
Southampton booked their place in the EFL Cup second round with a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Former Al Ahli manager Michael O'Leary has been awarded compensation for unfair dismissal by Fifa.
Former News International chief Rebekah Brooks and ex-News of the World editor Andy Coulson have appeared in court in connection with phone-hacking.
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been charged with failing drug tests by the country's anti-doping authorities.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and hired men to set fire to her home has been jailed for four years.
Former Mexico striker Alan Pulido, who was kidnapped in northern Mexico on Saturday night, managed to escape while on the phone to alert the emergency services.
Leicester's poor start to the season continued as they were beaten by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium.
Uefa president Michel Platini's suspension by Fifa's ethics committee for signing a contract "unfavourable" to the sport's governing body is set to be appealed against.
The airline Monarch is in talks with the UK's aviation regulator about its financial situation.
Plans to form a new police and crime authority in the Cotswolds could lead to the "end" of the county's police force, a police commissioner has said.
A council has said it has moved "dramatically" away from the threat of going "bankrupt" it faced in 2014.
Goldman Sachs will no longer conduct face-to-face interviews with prospective college students as part of a move to use technology in its hiring process.
Liverpool maintained their perfect start to the Premier League season with a comfortable 4-1 win over Leicester at Anfield.
Gloucester will face Bath in the European Champions Cup final after beating La Rochelle to set up a home semi-final against Bath.
A New Zealand couple have become the first to marry in the country's first church to hold a traditional pirate wedding.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged three alleged Russian intelligence officers in connection with a massive data breach at Yahoo.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called on Premier League clubs to set up in-house ticketing systems to stop fans illegally reselling tickets.
The chief executive of Ashley Madison has been named by security experts following the release of emails that appear to have been stolen from the infidelity dating website.
The population of Northern Ireland is set to rise by 10.4% between mid-2014 and mid-2039, according to new figures.
Conor Thomas scored a late winner as Swindon beat Millwall to boost their League Two survival hopes.
An appeal for information about the disappearance of a man who went missing after receiving a letter claiming he was dead has been launched by police.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to drive a lorry full of wind turbine parts on country roads?
Artificial intelligence software has been trained to spot the signs of skin cancer in photographs, in an experiment that shows it is on par with trained dermatologists.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's season opener against Tottenham at Old Trafford, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been given a community sentence for dangerous driving after being caught driving while over the legal alcohol limit.
A major road in Somerset which was closed after flash floods caused by Storm Imogen has reopened.
A baby peregrine falcon has been released back into the wild after being rescued by RSPCA staff in Carmarthenshire.
US actress and former TV host Rosie O'Donnell has revealed that she suffered a heart attack last week.
Hundreds of people have taken part in VJ Day commemorations in Portsmouth.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after being knocked out in a boxing match.
Hundreds of people have been buried in the central Brazilian town of Salgar, where 84 people were killed in a landslide on Monday.
Venezuela is in the midst of one of the worst economic crises in living memory.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be switched off to allow MPs and peers to see when they are sitting in the Palace of Westminster.
Luka Modric's late equaliser for Real Madrid denied Barcelona their first win of the season, says coach Luis Enrique.
A hunt guide has told a court he was present when a fox was shot by a hunter with a shotgun during a hunt in Aberdeenshire.
A former purchasing manager who defrauded his former company out of £115,000 by selling their goods on eBay and Amazon has been ordered to pay back the money he stole from them.
Russia's agriculture minister has said the country may consider a ban on European wine imports to counter the impact of sanctions imposed by the European Union.
The family of a British man arrested in India have said they are "disappointed" by the Supreme Court's decision not to reinstate his murder charges.
Scotland's nursing and midwifery service is struggling to recruit and retain the staff it needs because of a sharp rise in vacancies, according to figures.
A man accused of murdering his five-year-old son punched him in the face by the stairs after he told him to stop crying, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who helped search for the wreck of HMS Coventry after it was sunk in the Falklands War has said he was "very conscious" that he was diving on a war grave.
Seabed rights have been granted for the development of tidal energy projects off Anglesey and Pembrokeshire.
Jockey AP McCoy said he was "very lucky to end his career in one piece" as he was presented with his champion jockey's trophy at Cheltenham Festival.
A judge in the UK has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who claim they should have been compensated for delays due to technical glitches.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has condemned as "grave" US allegations that Washington spied on her phone and other European Union offices.
Swansea City's Under-18s have won the EFL Trophy for the first time in the club's history after beating Reading in the final.
Plans to turn part of Stonehenge into a dual carriageway into a road tunnel are "not worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Shadow home secretary Andy Burnham has said he is "very proud" of his campaign team for the Labour leadership, saying he has an "outside but realistic chance" of winning.
The chancellor has been challenged by the prime minister over whether he will cut the top rate of income tax for people earning over £150,000.
The plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the world's worst examples of ethnic discrimination, rights activists say.
The inheritance tax (IHT) is one of the last remaining ways that you can pass on money, property or possessions without paying any tax.
Alliance Trust Savings has completed the sale of a Dundee-based stockbroking business to investment firm Brewin Dolphin.
Eleven new languages are to be added to the BBC World Service, the corporation has announced.
A man who staged collisions between cars and buses to defraud First Group of £159,000 has been found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud.
A Canadian man says he's lucky to be alive after being struck by lightning while speaking at his daughter's wedding ceremony.
Children who play with touchscreens at night may be damaging their sleep, research suggests.
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of back-rowers Luke Pope, forward Laurence May and centre Jack Moyle.
Two teenagers have been killed in a head-on crash in Cumbria.
About 18 out of 22 local authorities in Wales are broadcasting their council meetings online, according to the Welsh Government.
Wasps moved into the top four of the Premiership thanks to two tries from Kurtley Beale and one from Alex Rieder.
Ricky Gromit, one of our presenters for Safer Internet Day, has been talking to Newsround about how to keep yourself safe online.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Scotland international footballer Robert Snodgrass.
Somalia's government has released a video of a suspected al-Shabab bomb attack on a passenger plane that made an emergency landing in the capital, Mogadishu, last week.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Argentina's presidential election was the result of an unprecedented level of engagement with the media.
The mother of a man accused of murdering a retired solicitor has told a court she feared her son was involved in the killing.
Investors are being asked to buy shares in a fire-damaged pier in a bid to raise £300,000 to help fund its restoration.
Microsoft has defended its search of a blogger's Hotmail account to find out who leaked code from the Windows 8 operating system.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the required standards, Transport Minister Ken Skates has said.
A man has died following a crash in County Down.
A university in South Africa has agreed to remove a statue of British imperialist Cecil Rhodes.
Newport County manager Graham Westley's criticism of the state of Rodney Parade's pitch is unfair, says Newport Gwent Football Club chairman Jonathan Davies.
More than 70% of GCSE students in Wales have achieved top A* to A grades in English, maths and science.
East Midlands Airport has celebrated 50 years since it was officially opened to the public.
Police in Spain are hunting 76 Britons who are wanted for crimes in the UK, including a convicted killer and a child sex offender.
Andy Murray's assistant coach Jim Sears has been fined by Wimbledon officials for allegedly swearing at his team-mates during the semi-finals.
Boat owners have been warned by Jersey's Environment Department about the dangers posed to wildlife on the island's man-made coral reefs.
People in Wrexham have been asked to come up with a name for a new prison which will be built on the town's industrial estate.
Bristol Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two side Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
A body has been recovered from the River Taff in Cumbria after getting into difficulty while swimming in the water.
A three-week-old baby boy has been killed by a dog in a "tragedy isolated incident" in Tyneside.
A burglary suspect has been refused bail after he told a court his dog chewed at an electronic monitoring tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" by Tata Steel's management buyout offer.
A man who uses a horse-drawn car to get through McDonald's drive-thru in Derbyshire has said he will remain on the car park until the issue is resolved.
Gary Neville's winless streak in charge of Valencia stretched to eight games as Alberto Sanabria's penalty gave Real Betis victory at the Mestalla.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to 30 years in prison for the murder of a British woman who was shot dead during a land dispute in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat, high-carb, diet appears to be more effective at reducing the amount of fat being burned by the body, according to US scientists.
Inspectors have raised "substantial safety concerns" at a prison criticised for high levels of violence and self-harming.
Olympic gold medallist Laura Muir has been named in the British team for the European Indoor Championships in Serbia in August.
The future of the NHS in Wales will be a key issue in the general election, Labour and the Conservatives have said.
Hospitals in the Scottish Borders are spending an average of 94p per patient per day on food and drink, according to new figures.
Apple has reported flat sales of iPhones in the three months to the end of December, raising fears that sales of the world's most popular smartphone will fall.
A British man accused of helping to cause a "flash crash" in the US stock market has appeared in court in London.
Great Britain have qualified for the semi-finals of the Davis Cup at Wimbledon for the first time in the tournament's history.
Two Australian airport workers have been suspended after a female security check on Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney Airport was found to be unannounced.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial estate in County Londonderry.
A detective who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Jofra van der Nerwe on a one-year deal.
More than 1,200 people have been forced to flee their homes in northern California as a huge forest fire rages on the western edge of the state.
An Edinburgh-based gas compressor manufacturer has raised Â£1.5m in funding to expand its manufacturing and expand its sales network.
The Bank of Scotland has begun issuing its first plastic banknote in Scotland for the first time.
Middlesbrough maintained their push for a Championship play-off spot with a goalless draw at Ipswich Town.
On the eve of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, sprinter Dutee Chand was one of the brightest lights of Indian sport.
More than 160 kilos of cannabis have been seized by police in an operation in the Republic of Ireland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of making a "crazy attempt" to set "political conditions" for its relations with Israel.
A call for Cardiff Airport to be renamed after Welsh poet Dylan Thomas has been backed by a business leader.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a horse paddock in Hampshire has been released on bail.
Brian Cookson, the head of cycling's world governing body, says he accepts responsibility for the way British Cycling was run.
BBC Scotland will be holding an election debate with six of Scotland's main political parties later on the BBC Scotland website.
France's Prime Minister, Manuel Valls, has accused the British press of "bias, prejudices and attacks" during a speech in the City of London.
Plans to increase wedding and funeral fees in the Church of England have been approved by the Church's governing body.
Relatives of two World War One soldiers whose remains were found in a digger in Belgium have been reunited with their remains.
Mae cynllun peilot o feddygon yng Nghymru wedi datblygu neu nad oes modd ei wella yn dangos unrhyw lwybr triniaeth benodol.
Mae camau'r Undeb Ewropeaidd wedi gweinidogion gweithredu cyffredinol gael penderfynu a ddylid datblygu fframwaith gyda San Steffan.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is to sell 13 former military sites in England and Wales to fund the building of 12,000 new starter homes for first-time buyers.
Ten-man Wycombe Wanderers moved out of the League Two relegation zone with a hard-fought win at 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge.
Dawid Malan made a career-best 72 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to complete a 2-0 Twenty20 series whitewash at Taunton.
A chameleon that was found in a Cardiff park has been released back into the wild after being abandoned by its owners.
T in the Park organisers have announced improvements to the campsite layout and management for this year's festival.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been boosted by two new detections of underwater "pings" by a Chinese ship, Australian officials say.
If you've ever struggled with depression, you'll know it can be hard to get through the day.
The stars of Britain's Got Talent have taken to the red carpet at London's Royal Albert Hall to promote the show.
Tributes have been paid to a coach who was killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire.
Liverpool have completed the signing of midfielder Jordan Henderson from Premier League rivals Sunderland.
Bolton Wanderers have signed striker Ryan Vaughan from Championship side Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died following a crash in Gwynedd.
The prospect of a movie about one of the "best underdog stories in sports history" was not the only thing to make the headlines on Friday.
In the aftermath of the first World Cup in India in 1954, the country's football association, the All India Football Federation (AIFF), was formed to promote and develop the sport in the country.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City's comeback win at Aston Villa was a "fantastic" way to end their winless run.
Mick Fanning has won his first World Surf League title of the season at the Pipeline Masters in California after learning that his brother, Peter, had died.
Dutch rider Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire.
Greece is one of the world's largest economies, but it's in a lot of trouble at the moment.
A man has been arrested after police were called to reports of a man with a gun in south London.
Fifa's annual Congress is due to open in Zurich on Wednesday with delegates from world football's governing body hoping for some good news about the corruption scandal engulfing the organisation.
The only sensible plan to abandon plans to redevelop Euston station is to abandon the project altogether, an MP has said.
Plans for a new student housing development close to Queens University in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the High Court.
The amount spent on film production in the UK and Ireland reached an all-time high last year, according to figures from the British Film Institute (BFI).
This year's BBC Proms will feature the work of primary school pupils from across Wales, the BBC has announced.
British sprinter Jamey Mitchell-Blake has become the first Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m since 1993.
Argentina booked their place in the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup with a 3-0 win over Guinea, who were eliminated from the competition.
Six teenagers who admitted carrying out a series of moped and carjackings have been jailed.
Dundee's American owner has said the club's annual accounts are "nothing to worry about" after the club reported a loss of £530,000.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam titles with victory over elder sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders actor Danny Dyer has been named best actor in a TV drama at the Tric Awards.
Councillors are to meet later to discuss plans for major infrastructure projects as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal.
The Green Party in Wales has said it wants to cut out the "exploitative middle man" in energy production and deliver energy-efficient housing.
Plans are being drawn up to improve the appearance of a park in Bristol which has become "rather tired" over the last few years, according to its new owners.
Zac Coetzer believes Scotland's return to international cricket is vital as they prepare to face Afghanistan in the first of a two-match one-day series.
The childhood home where George Harrison was born has been sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Pembrokeshire has been reunited with the family of a soldier who served in the conflict.
The family of a murdered man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years have said they are "devastated" by the discovery they were kept without their permission.
Peterborough United boss Grant McCann says the club are "devastated" by the broken leg suffered in training on Tuesday.
Mainland Chinese shares were lower on Friday, continuing a streak of 10 consecutive days of gains.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its offer to the Scarlets to try to keep Scott Williams at the region.
A crane has been used to remove illegal drugs and mobile phones from a prison roof after they became lodged on the structure's roof.
The families of two people who died in a motorbike crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to their "legendary" kindness to others.
Two men who used to run a prison print shop have found a new way to help ex-offenders find work.
More than 100 bodies have been exhumed from a mass grave in the western Mexican state of Morelos, officials say.
Some species of plants and animals are unlikely to be able to cope with the effects of global warming, according to new research.
Plans to build the M4 motorway in the Gwent Levels could not be justified, a public inquiry has been told.
(Close): The pound and the FTSE 100 closed lower after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and interest rates.
The head of the Grenfell Tower inquiry has written to Prime Minister Theresa May asking for a formal request for a public inquiry into the fire.
A German man working for the country's foreign intelligence service has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German prosecutors say.
Two performances of Matilda have been cancelled at London's Royal Shakespeare Company after the actress playing the character was unable to sing the songs.
Drivers are being charged "excessive" private parking fees in Scotland, Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) has warned.
Labour has won the Cardiff North seat from the Conservatives in the general election.
Eurozone finance ministers have called on Greece to press ahead with economic reforms after voters backed the conservative New Democracy party to try to form a government.
Is the decision by the Opec oil producing nations to cut production in an effort to stabilise the price of crude oil a surprise move?
Switzerland striker Zeljko Mehmedi says Lionel Messi is not the only reason why his side will not rest on their laurels against Argentina on Sunday.
David Cameron's visit to the Vale of Glamorgan is the first time he's been to St Athan since he became prime minister.
No charges will be brought against a man who was arrested in connection with an alleged assault at an Aberdeen sea cadet camp.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Macca Jebb has joined Premier League side Arsenal on loan for the rest of the season.
A documentary about the impact of caste on the meat industry at the Indian National Film Festival in Delhi has been refused permission to screen due to the "current political situation" over the ban on beef.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have pieced together fragments of stone flooring found at one of the world's most sacred sites.
Salmon exports from the UK have risen sharply in the first half of the year, helped by the weaker pound, according to industry figures.
Wycombe Wanderers will host Blackpool in the second round of the Checkatrade Trophy.
A County Londonderry woman has admitted stealing Â£1,000 from a cancer charity.
Young, tech-savvy renters are the biggest victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new survey.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found at a house in Dundee.
More than 1,200 people have been charged as part of a PSNI investigation into dissident republican activity in 2013.
A teenager has admitted hacking the website Mumsnet after it was the victim of a series of cyber attacks.
The funeral of a mother and two children who were stabbed to death at a house in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred council to represent their views in the assembly elections.
Singer-songwriter Phil Collins has donated his extensive collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas.
Castleford Tigers moved into the Super League play-off places with a bonus-point win over Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
Mikael Paatelainen believes the fight to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership will be "right down to the wire" for Dundee United.
An iguana that has spent three months living on a tree-top perch in Suffolk is still refusing to come down from its perch.
It's almost time for the biggest night in music - the Brit Awards!
The UK has moved a key component of Europe's most ambitious space mission to date.
Uber has said it will take legal action against a former employee who accused the taxi-hailing service of sexually harassing her.
Manchester United's attempt to sign Spain goalkeeper David De Gea from Real Madrid for an undisclosed fee has collapsed.
I've been talking to people in the aviation industry about the possible US ban on laptops in the cabin on flights from Europe to the US.
Belgium's prime minister, Charles Michel, and his official residence in Brussels were among the items found by police investigating the deadly attacks on the city's airport last week, reports say.
A Chinese fruit-seller has died after being hit with a weight by local law enforcers who had stopped him selling watermelons at a popular tourist spot, state media report.
Netherlands striker Kees Middag has signed a new contract with Dutch side Ajax Amsterdam.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after being taken to hospital to have tests on an eye injury he suffered in the club's win over Akhisar Belediyespor.
Danny Hylton's header earned Luton a draw against Exeter at Kenilworth Road.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a follow-up to his critically acclaimed 2015 album To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people from around the UK have been visiting the Ice sculptures at the Ice Skulpture Park in Pembrokeshire.
Eight senior Manchester City Council officials are to be given pay rises of up to £75,000 a year, the BBC has learned.
A bill to change the lyrics of Canada's national anthem to make it more gender-neutral has moved closer to becoming law.
A US judge has ordered a former sports doctor accused of sexually abusing children to stand trial on child sex abuse charges.
A woman whose family was falsely accused of plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque in her home town of Derby.
Five Britons were among 27 people killed when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Tofino, Canada, on Sunday.
American Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a LPGA major with victory at the CME Group Tour's Maybank Championship in Hawaii.
Tottenham midfielder Bafetimbi Gbenga has completed his move to Hannover on a permanent deal.
A man who murdered his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend in a "jealous rage" has been jailed for life for his murder.
Dundee United striker Tony Andreu was denied a penalty as they held Raith Rovers to a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of June as it continues to deal with the impact of the global economic slowdown.
Sales at Argos, the discount retailer at the centre of a bidding war between supermarkets Sainsbury's and Steinhoff, have continued to fall.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist, filmmaker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the role of the army in the Arab Spring.
Vanessa Hill is one of the most sought-after back-up singers in the history of pop music.
More than 1,000 cyclists have taken to the streets of Plymouth for a Gran Fondo and a Sky Ride.
A municipal worker in the southern Indian city of Chittoor has been killed in an attack by a group wearing full-face veils, police say.
A man who knocked down and critically injured a police officer while trying to stop a stolen car has been jailed for two years.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Lewis in the Western Isles.
A woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend told police she felt she was being "stalked" by the soldier accused of her murder, a court has heard.
A collection of vintage prams, toys and souvenirs belonging to a Nottinghamshire children's toys and toys shop has been sold at auction.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving.
Somerset held off a strong Gloucestershire fightback to secure a one-wicket win in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has been cautioned by police after being investigated for sexting.
A man who sent bomb threats to Bristol Airport has been jailed for two years.
England took control of the first Test against Australia with a superb batting display in Cardiff.
Huddersfield Giants prop Pita Ta'ai has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled new smartphones with larger batteries that they say will allow them to last up to three days between charges.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that eating processed meat increases the risk of cancer by 18% compared with eating raw meat.
Southern rail conductors have voted in favour of industrial action in a row over changes to the role of conductors.
A dissident republican paramilitary group calling itself the IRA has said it was responsible for the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's offer to EU citizens living in the UK that would allow them to keep their rights after it leaves the EU is a "good start".
South Korea's Kim Si-woo beat Spain's Angelique Ciganda in a play-off to win the LPGA's Maybank Championship in Hawaii.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action against a political party after it used a photo of her boyfriend in a leaflet opposing gender teaching in schools.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has finished second in the second round of the World bouldering championships in China.
Dairy Crest is selling its loss-making UK dairies business in a move to focus on its cheese and spreads operations.
Retail sales in the UK have dropped at their fastest pace in five years, according to Visa.
A disabled man has described the "horrible and frightening experience" of being trapped in a train door after his crutch became wedged.
A fountain built to commemorate the Queen's coronation has been refilled with water from an underground tank after it was turned off due to the hosepipe ban.
On Tuesday, Tim Peake will become the first Briton to be launched into space.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a man in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso extended his championship lead as he held off a late challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Jenson Button to win the Spanish Grand Prix.
At least 11 people have been confirmed dead after torrential rain in Japan's Fukuoka prefecture, officials say.
If you're not at work catching up on the latest episode of The Walking Dead, you're probably watching it on your tablet or smartphone.
Kilmarnock have terminated the loan deals of teenage duo Liam Waddington and Callum Davies.
A record-breaking number of seal pups have been born at a nature reserve in Norfolk.
The population of gibbons in China has crashed to the lowest level on record, according to new research.
MPs have voted in favour of a rise in VAT to 20% in a move which will take effect on 1 July.
The threat to Wales' economy runs "far deeper" than steel, Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group, the investment company that owns Manchester City Football Club, has agreed to invest in the development of a new housing development in the city centre.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers' first game in charge of the Reds will be a huge test to see if his side are good enough to challenge Chelsea for the Premier League title.
British number one Laura Robson won the women's singles title at the British Squash Championships with a straight-set win over world number one Kirsty Waters.
It was always going to be difficult for Jeremy Corbyn to walk away from the issue of anti-Semitism.
Disney has announced plans to make a sequel to 2014's hit animated film Frozen.
Wembley will host the Women's FA Cup final for the first time in 2017, it has been announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored a hat-trick as Burnley moved one point clear at the top of the Championship with victory at relegation-threatened Bolton Wanderers.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone's unbeaten half-century put his side in a strong position against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Olympic silver medallist Greg Rutherford won the men's long jump at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog owners are being warned about the dangers of dog poo on UK beaches.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after being sent off in the 2-0 defeat by West Brom.
The final four members of an international organised crime gang have been found guilty of being involved in the theft of artefacts worth up to £17m from museums and an auction house.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farouk Abdi looks at the lessons East African leaders are learning from their neighbours.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank were established after the end of World War Two in the aftermath of the worst financial crisis in living memory.
A speedo swimmer has completed his challenge to swim across the River Mersey to raise money for a children's hospice.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says the FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal was a "learning curve" for his players as they prepare for next season.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend said he was disappointed by his side's lacklustre display in the Pro12 semi-final defeat by Edinburgh.
In the 19th Century, shipbuilding in Govan on the banks of the River Clyde was a vital part of the Clyde's industrial heritage.
A man accused of helping his ex-girlfriend's ex-boyfriend carry out an acid attack has told a court he "didn't want to do this attack".
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be given an England call-up, says his club team-mate Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch, the toy that became one of the most popular toys of the 20th Century, has died.
The UK government has announced plans to sell its majority stake in a bank that invests in green energy projects.
A series of red telephone boxes have been installed in central London to allow smartphone users to use them to charge their devices.
Samsung has asked owners of the Galaxy Note 7 to return their phones to the South Korean firm after a second batch of the device overheated and caught fire.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning, who is serving a 13-year jail term for sex offences against boys, has pleaded guilty to three new counts of indecent assault.
The US space agency, Nasa, has released a new picture of Mars taken by its robot Curiosity rover.
A health board has released a summary of the findings of an investigation into claims made by a Labour MP who campaigned for better standards of care in the NHS.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bath.
Education Secretary Justine Greening has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against people found to be running illegal schools.
Aberdeen City Council has backed a bid to scrap the controversial Aberdeen City Garden Project.
One of the UK's most decorated World War Two submariners is to be commemorated at his childhood home in Aberdeenshire.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi will stand trial on tax fraud charges over his father's use of offshore companies to hide his income from image rights deals, a Spanish court has ruled.
Rangers will play either Hamilton Academical or Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
Patients could be "effectively denied access to healthcare" because of an NHS funding crisis, doctors have warned.
Retired General David Petraeus, the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency, has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if asked.
Hsiao Hsiao is no longer a Buddhist, but she still believes in the religion.
A new outdoor play garden has opened at a children's hospital in Carmarthenshire.
More than half of new mothers in Wales who breastfeed say they are unsure whether they will continue to breastfeed, according to a survey.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty in a New South Wales court to helping her husband, who was killed fighting with Islamic State in Syria.
The European Union is set to put more countries on a blacklist of tax havens, following the Panama Papers leak.
Nigeria international defender Patrick Ambrose has completed his transfer from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers on a work permit.
Walkers have been warned not to attack rare birds of prey after three were seen attacking them on the Isle of Wight.
(Close): Wall Street markets were higher on Monday, led by gains in technology and banking stocks, which were boosted by Bank of America's results.
Retail tycoon Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to secure the future of BHS' pension scheme, the BBC understands.
Glasgow Warriors second row Leone Nakarawa will leave the Pro12 champions at the end of the season.
Warwickshire off-spinner Jeetan Patel has signed a new contract to stay with the club until June 2019.
The number of inflammatory breast cancer cases in Northern Ireland is set to increase by two thirds in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former senior military commanders has called on the prime minister to reopen the defence review following the evacuation of 51 Britons from Libya.
Scientists are getting ready to send a team of scientists to a new part of the Indian Ocean to try to find out more about the Earth's interior.
A study suggests that some people would prefer to be left alone to daydream than to be zapped out of boredom.
Two people have been re-arrested in connection with a dog attack on a teenage girl who was shot by police.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian killed in separate incidents in Caterham, Surrey.
Scientists in Taiwan have captured footage of a species of jumping spider that uses its silk to control the way it jumps.
Exeter Chiefs have given new contracts to Tom Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will seek help from the club's new owner Francesco Becchetti to improve the team's chances of reaching the Championship.
It's that time of year again - the first full day of the new campaign.
A nine-year-old boy who was critically injured in an accident in County Fermanagh on Tuesday and the PSNI's apology to the family of murdered prison officer David Black make the front pages of the News Letter and Belfast Telegraph.
Domino's Pizza Group, the UK-based pizza chain, has reported a sharp rise in profits last year, helped by strong growth in online sales and a rise in the number of people using its app.
National League side Scunthorpe United have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a short-term deal.
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on Tunisia's Bardo museum, the prime minister says.
The Sinn Féin leader in Northern Ireland, Gerry Murphy, has said the party is ready to go to the next assembly election in May.
At the African Union (AU) headquarters in Addis Ababa, President Obama gave his final speech before leaving the continent.
Northern Ireland motorcyclist Jason Farquhar has been released from hospital after being injured in a crash at the North West 200 in County Antrim.
More needs to be done to protect children from trespassing on railway tracks, a family whose sister was killed by a train has said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help to manage my medications and ways that I deal with back pain and a sleep disorder".
A cessation of hostilities is due to begin in the Syrian city of Aleppo on Thursday, the United Nations says.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will discover their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house with 11 people, including four children inside, including two young children.
The row over President Francois Hollande's proposal to strip convicted terrorists of their French citizenship has exposed deep divisions in the French left in the wake of the Paris attacks.
The Green Party has pledged to provide free sanitary products to women in the UK who cannot afford to pay the VAT on tampons and tampons.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a large amount of money was stolen during an explosion and robbery at a pharmacy in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has been fined Â£1.5m for failing to provide customers with details of extra insurance charges for no claims bonus protection.
Prosecutors in South Africa are to appeal against a judge's acquittal of athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder in the athlete's murder trial.
Russia's foreign minister has told the BBC he believes the US is trying to preserve the extremist Islamist group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham as a "Plan B" to try to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Londonderry to take part in a giant water slide to raise awareness of cancer.
A high-profile documentary on China's deadly levels of air pollution has been removed from the country's popular video sites, including Youku and YouTube.
A man has been treated in hospital after a gang of intruders broke into his County Armagh home.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley 2-1 in the National League.
More than 2,000 children were sexually abused in England in the first year of an inquiry into child sexual exploitation and grooming, says a report.
Crawford Gillies has been appointed as the new chairman of Scotland's leading Scotch whisky distiller Edrington Distillers following the departure of John Murray.
(Close): The value of the pound rose against the euro and the dollar on Tuesday, extending gains seen on Monday.
The Afghan Taliban have released an audio recording of their new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, calling for unity.
Worcestershire all-rounder Ryan Tongue produced a superb spell of bowling to help his side fight back against Glamorgan at New Road.
A lollipop lady was killed when she was hit by a car which failed to stop for a red light outside a school in Bedfordshire, a court has heard.
Defender Clint Dempsey has returned to training after being ruled out of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Germany.
More than £12,000 has been raised for the family of a man who went missing while competing in a triathlon.
Barcelona say they have made a "comprehensive tax payment" to the Spanish tax authorities following their investigation into the club's signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China to become the world's biggest investor in renewable energy, according to a table showing the country's investment in the sector in 2011.
A temporary footbridge is to be built to replace a derelict road bridge in a North Yorkshire town damaged by flooding.
A non-league football team has returned to its former home for the first time since it was formed after years in exile.
A man has admitted illegally importing 50 stun guns that were intended to be used as illegal weapons, a court has heard.
The chief executive officer of Malaysian Airlines, Christoph Mueller, is stepping down after overseeing the airline's dramatic turnaround plan.
A man who was found injured on the side of the road in West Lothian is in a critical condition in hospital.
A contestant from Ireland's Dancing With The Stars has said he was "gobsmacked" by the reaction of the show's audience to his tanning tips.
Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, one of the front-runners in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, has been accused of lying about his childhood.
Nigeria's former Fifa vice-president Samson Adamu has been investigated by the organisation's ethics committee.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
The art of making maps of dark matter is in a golden age, according to new results from the Hubble Space Telescope.
Nigeria's senate has approved a bill that would make it a crime to post abusive messages on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised to former assistant Eva Carneiro for using abusive language towards her during a Premier League match, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of suspected leaders of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
A cat called George the cat has been given the job of being a mascot at a supermarket in south Wales.
At least four people have drowned after armed men from the Libyan Coast Guard attacked a dinghy carrying migrants off the coast of Libya, a German aid group says.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in an incident in southern Afghanistan.
The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats were the two parties to spend the most on their European election campaign, figures from the Electoral Commission show.
National League side Southport have appointed former St Albans half-back Ryan Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack outside a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid shows a lack of understanding of what it takes to win the war against Islamic State, a senior Republican senator has said.
Have you ever seen something that looks like it's covered in snow in the Indian city of Bangalore?
A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a pensioner and the attempted murder of a woman in Cardiff.
Medals at the World Para-athletics Championships in London in August will feature designs inspired by the city's skyline, the BBC has announced.
More than 100 shops selling so-called legal highs in England and Wales have closed since a ban on the sale of the drugs came into force in May, the BBC has learned.
The BBC has announced the winners of the 2016 British Sky Photography Awards.
Nasdaq, the US stock exchange, has had a bit of a glitch.
A man who used his mobile phone to take pictures of women's skirts to satisfy voyeuristic impulses for his own sexual gratification has been jailed for 18 months.
An international effort to phase out gases that contribute to global warming is getting under way in Rwanda.
EE, the UK's largest mobile phone provider, has tested internet drone aircraft that can be used to boost mobile phone coverage in rural areas.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's win over France sets up a "massive" Six Nations game against England at Twickenham.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam for suggesting he supports so-called Islamic State.
Councillors in Skye have given the go-ahead to plans for a wind farm on the Isle of Skye.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they will not give their backing to the government's Brexit bill, saying they are "deeply concerned" by its "naked power-grab".
Ride-sharing service Uber says it is losing $1bn a year in China, according to reports.
Parents of children who were left in the dark about the closure of a children's holiday camp have been told they will be given refunds.
Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez says he is ready to fight middleweight king Gennady Golovkin after his stunning victory over Amir Khan.
A man who was killed in a light aircraft crash on Saturday has been named locally as James McKnight from Hillsborough, County Down.
Tributes have been paid to former Preston North End and England striker Tom Finney, who has died aged 91.
National League side Stevenage have signed striker Jan Verheydt from Dutch club Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
The head of Pakistan's paramilitary Rangers force has been appointed as the head of the country's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence Service (ISI).
The mother of a baby boy who died after being turned away from a hospital due to a lack of beds for new mothers has been told lessons need to be learned.
Proposals to ring-fence UK banks to protect them from the risk of being broken up are "well short" of what is required, according to a report.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in the street in Sheffield.
A French tourist has died while snorkelling on Australia's Great Barrier Reef.
Scientists in Australia say they have for the first time found a protein that can block the effects of brain damage after a stroke.
A plan to build a joint training college for Northern Ireland's fire, prison and police services has been revised, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the Brecon Beacons in Powys.
In a small, sun-baked stadium in the small town of Berbice in Guyana, a team of blind cricketers is preparing to take to the field.
As part of BBC Radio Manchester's Tales of the 10, we take a look at a family's fight to find a cure for a devastating form of muscle-wasting disease.
A woman jailed for stealing £110,000 from an Aberdeenshire businessman has lodged an appeal against her conviction and sentence.
US Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost his sponsorships from Speedo, Ralph Lauren, Airweave and Syneron-Candela.
Hampshire were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship after losing to Durham in their final game at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to make any more signings as they prepare for their return to the Premier League.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build one of the largest office developments in the city's history.
Claire Williams, who was paralysed from the chest down after a horse accident in 2006, is preparing to take part in the London marathon.
The US justice department has accused San Diego County, California, of failing to address "serious systemic deficiencies" in its jail system.
The first fruit from a tree planted in South Yorkshire to grow in the South Yorkshire sunshine has been harvested.
Andy Nalbandian's not the only one who's had a bit of a temper tantrum at Wimbledon.
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford has praised Luke Rowe's "incredible" effort in helping Chris Froome win the 2017 Tour de France.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a fossilised grapefruit dating back to 2,000 years ago.
Martin Canning believes Rangers' style of play will change when Pedro Caixinha takes charge on Saturday.
England bowler Steven Finn has been recalled to the side for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston on Wednesday.
Europe's first spacecraft designed to test new technologies for re-entry missions has successfully re-entered Earth's atmosphere.
The Isle of Man's Policy Council has delayed a decision on whether to grant the go-ahead for the redevelopment of two new schools in County Antrim.
Former Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of falsifying a list of bank account holders in a leaked list of suspected tax evaders.
NHS England has said it is "looking into" claims a hospital in Berkshire was given a quote for a gold plated blackout blind for £1,000, only to sell it for £22.95 at Homebase.
Opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to six years in jail by a Moscow court.
A man who raped a pensioner in her own home in south London has been found guilty of a series of sex offences.
A leading fertility charity has called for all eligible couples in Scotland to be offered three cycles of NHS IVF treatment.
Winter pressures on A&E departments in England and Wales are proving difficult despite the best efforts of hospitals, doctors have said.
Trams have run for the first time in Greater Manchester city centre as part of plans to upgrade the city's tram network.
The US drugmaker Mylan has said it will start selling a cheaper version of its EpiPen treatment, after a sharp rise in the cost of the brand-name product last week.
Britain's former welterweight world champion Kell Brook will have surgery on a head injury sustained in his defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.
Dumfries and Galloway council has said it will help fund the return of the city's half marathon race.
Crystal Palace striker Yannick Bolasie is now worth more money than he was worth when he joined the Eagles in 2012.
The UK will have to negotiate with other countries to allow them access to UK fishing grounds after Brexit, Michael Gove has said.
An Indian soldier who was among 10 soldiers killed in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week is in a "comatose state", the army says.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the July-to-September period, according to official figures.
Oldham Athletic's game against Peterborough United on Saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
Three men have been arrested following an explosion at a shop in Bristol.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in West Lothian have appealed for witnesses who may have witnessed the attack to come forward.
Humberside Police's chief constable has called for parents to be allowed to take children on holiday during the school holidays.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have begun digging at a second site in Greece where they believe he may have been killed.
Ed Miliband has insisted he will not exclude himself from becoming prime minister by refusing to negotiate with the SNP.
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots on Sunday, but American football is a sport you may not have heard of.
A man has been jailed for life after being convicted of murdering his grandchild, who was killed by her grandfather.
Jordan Williams scored a hat-trick as Barrow came from behind to beat National League side Taunton Town in the FA Cup first round.
Glamorgan have signed South Africa batsman Colin Ingram to play in the Big Bash League for Adelaide Strikers.
The head of the Office for National Statistics (ONS) in Newport has said he is "a little bit anxious" about a review of the organisation's work.
As the Iraqi army continues its offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul, the BBC's John Sudworth meets Yazidi refugees in a refugee camp in northern Iraq.
Michael Clarke's century in Australia's second Test against South Africa was a tribute to his late team-mate Phillip Hughes, who died in November.
Disabled people using Bath railway station have been asked to check with a guard 24 hours in advance if they need help to get to the platform.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta says it has been repeatedly targeted by hackers who tried to bring its website offline.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in Sean Connery's James Bond film Never Say Never Again, has died aged 91.
Roma legend Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with the Italian club.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets to level the one-day series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that business leaders in Northern Ireland are more likely to support a UK exit from the European Union than the rest of the UK.
A double-decker bus caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate, east London, on Sunday.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite at all its supermarkets, including Sainsbury's, Waitrose, Tesco and Asda.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece.
MSP Ian Smith has urged the European Union not to let Scotland "let down" by not respecting the result of the Scottish referendum.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
High winds and heavy downpours have caused disruption to transport in parts of Scotland after Storm Imogen battered the country on Tuesday night.
The European Commission has announced an aid package to help Northern Ireland's dairy farmers who have been hit by falling milk and food prices.
Pedro Caixinha praised the effort of his Rangers players despite their 2-1 defeat by Hearts at Ibrox.
Conservationists are to return to Scotland from Japan to help with efforts to reintroduce the endangered Japanese otter to the Western Isles.
When I arrived in Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect.
A UKIP candidate has apologised after appearing to question the cost of treating foreigners with HIV for free by the NHS.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves has announced he will leave the club at the end of the season.
SpaceX, the US company that built and operates the Falcon rocket, had just finished a routine test to make sure the vehicle was ready to launch.
UK detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, the Met Police has said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra's unbeaten century helped his side earn a draw against Hampshire at Edgbaston.
People who live outside Wales should be banned from standing as assembly candidates unless they are living in the country, according to a group of ex-ministers.
In politics, you don't always have to be too specific about how much your policies will cost.
Mercedes technical boss Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the year, BBC Sport has learned.
A report that a knife has been stolen from a prison in Northumberland is "deeply concerning", a probation union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist has been killed in a crash while trying to set a new national record.
The family of a British holidaymaker who was found dead in Thailand have said they are "devastated" by his death.
Arsenal Ladies have changed their name to 'Arsenal Ladies' in a bid to "send out a message that times are changing for the better".
A body found in Surrey has been formally identified, police have said.
The parents of a British woman who died from carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in China have said they are "devastated" by the inquest into her death.
Labour has said it will vote against the government's plan to force future UK governments to run a budget surplus when the economy is growing.
Organisers of the oldest carnival in Europe have announced plans to mark the 50th anniversary of the event.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his return from injury.
A man has been extradited from Pakistan to the US to face charges of supporting terrorism, the US Department of Justice says.
Brighton & Hove Albion maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with a hard-fought win at Ipswich Town.
A cash machine and a van were stolen during a ram-raid on a shop in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a missing junior doctor whose body was found in the sea off Dartmoor has said she will "never be forgotten".
Skiing and snowboarding in the Scottish Highlands and Islands is on track to break the record for the number of skiers and snowboarders this winter.
The son of Jean McConville, the woman murdered by the IRA in 1972, has said he was told by Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams that if he released the names of those responsible for her murder he would face a backlash.
Have you ever wanted to move in with a dinosaur but don't know where to put it?
Two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby who was found with serious head injuries.
DUP MLA Edwin Poots has said Sinn Féin's association with the IRA has a "stench" that still exists in the homes of people in Northern Ireland.
A teenager was raped and murdered by a man who thought he was a police officer, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors centre Lewis Tierney has signed a new contract to stay with the Super League side until June 2019.
Hundreds of Orangemen and women have taken part in the traditional Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
Voters in Wales will be getting their manifestos in the run-up to the assembly election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been "very difficult" to add new players to his squad.
Blackpool held Colchester United to a draw at Bloomfield Road in League Two.
China's commitment to cut steel production is a "positive step forward", UK Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
A police officer who appeared on a reality TV series has been remembered as a "true friend" by officers at Durham Cathedral.
More people in Wales have access to super-fast internet, according to a report from Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in advanced talks to sell its UK Speciality Steels unit.
People in Powys are being asked to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Machynlleth.
Work to repair damage caused by woodpeckers has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has called Senator Lindsey Graham's phone number to prank-call him.
President Barack Obama has hailed the opening of the first day of the US healthcare exchanges as a "historic day" for his signature healthcare law, despite glitches and delays.
A bomb disposal unit has carried out a controlled explosion on a suspicious object in north Belfast city centre.
The US is proposing new rules to limit the use of electronic devices that can be used while driving, in an effort to cut down on driver distraction.
A Northern Ireland delegation is travelling to Colombia on Wednesday to meet representatives of the Colombian government and the country's largest rebel group, the Farc.
A man has been taken to hospital after getting his leg through a metal fence in Coventry.
Adam Lyth's unbeaten century helped Yorkshire edge closer to a first Championship win of the season against Surrey at The Oval.
A driver who crashed his car into the back of a house in West Sussex, causing extensive damage to the property, has been banned from driving for life.
Channel 5 has said it will make an announcement on Ken Morley's behaviour on The Only Way is Essex "as soon as possible".
Irish Water has said it will take two weeks to complete repairs to a burst pipe which has caused major disruption to water supplies in the Republic of Ireland.
A shop assistant has been threatened with a knife during an attempted robbery in north Belfast.
The Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) MLA, Colum Eastwood, is to challenge MP Alasdair McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A Dumfries and Galloway town has won the Scottish Design Award for having the country's worst town centre.
Three men have been arrested after cannabis with an estimated street value of Â£1m was seized in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour needs to be "hugely more ambitious" if it is to be the "natural party of Wales", one of its former frontbenchers has said.
England's England golfer Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 player in the world, according to former European captain Annika Sorenstam.
A Scottish tech start-up that was featured on BBC Scotland's Dragons' Den programme has failed to secure an investment from the show's producer.
Bangladesh has returned to normal power supplies after a major blackout hit the country on Saturday.
Sport Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of Sport NI's working culture following the resignation of nine of its board members.
About two thirds of cancer medicines in England's Cancer Drugs Fund will no longer be available to NHS patients by the end of the year, NHS England has said.
A man who stabbed a gay man in the neck with a steak knife after calling him a "queer" has been jailed for four years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants say they are "distraught" that two of them have been married, a lawyer representing their families says.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been banned for three games after being sent off in the 2-1 defeat by Burnley.
Burglars have stolen 17th Century cups and saucers with portraits of Russian and Prussian kings from a house in London.
The owners of a private hospital where abuse was secretly filmed by the BBC have been criticised for failing to act on concerns raised about the safety of patients.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the Welsh county to join Southport on a short-term deal.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of murdered British student Amanda Knox, has had his conviction for her murder overturned by Italy's Supreme Court.
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "in shock" after the American blew a five-shot lead at Augusta to lose the Masters.
A Botswana athlete has accused the IAAF of hiding "something fishy" after he was barred from competing at the World Championships in the wake of Usain Bolt's norovirus outbreak.
Middlesbrough moved off the bottom of the Premier League table as Gaston Ramirez's first goal of the season gave them victory over 10-man Bournemouth.
As the centenary of the signing of the Ulster Covenant is marked on Saturday, former first minister Lord Bannside and his wife, Eileen, answer some of the questions you may have had about the conflict.
League Two side Luton Town have completed the signing of midfielder Scott Brown from Championship side Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee.
Five people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of planning attacks in the capital, Brussels, and on the police, officials say.
Theresa May has been heckled by angry residents at a church in Kensington, where she met those affected by the Grenfell Tower fire.
Salford Red Devils half-back Ryan Chase is set to leave the Super League club to join Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Loganair has been awarded a contract to continue operating direct flights between Dundee and London Stansted for another two years.
Anglo American, one of the world's largest mining companies, has announced plans to cut more than 100,000 jobs as part of a multi-billion pound restructuring.
The motorcyclist involved in the fatal crash in which killed Belgian cyclist Julien Demoitie was "very experienced" and had "no time to react", his team has said.
Ulster back-row Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract with the Pro12 side.
The US space agency (Nasa) has launched a mission to return samples from the asteroid Bennu.
A woman has been found to be in breach of her father's custody rights after taking his son to the UK to take up a post at Cambridge University.
Three people have been airlifted to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade in north Wales.
At least six bodies have been found in mass graves in the north-eastern Kenyan town of Kibet, officials say.
Thousands of people have been left homeless after a cyclone hit the Pacific nation of Vanuatu on Saturday.
The UK's immigration minister, Simon Harrington, has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK since the government's refugee resettlement scheme was launched.
The introduction of criminal courts charges has created "perverse incentives" for defendants to plead guilty, MPs have said.
Supermarket chain Asda has admitted that it left its website open to malware that could have exposed customers' credit card details to hackers.
A former drug smuggler who was once a drug cartel pilot has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man in a "spark of madness".
Mexico stunned Brazil to win Olympic gold in the men's football with a 3-1 victory at Wembley.
The Royal Mint is asking the public to return their current £1 coins to mark the introduction of the new 12-sided design.
Former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had "a lot of enquiries" to return to Andy Murray's coaching team.
A woman accused of being raped in Edinburgh's Meadows has told a court it was a "struggle for life" to escape her alleged attacker.
Former Newcastle United boss Sam Allardyce has been appointed as Sunderland's new manager.
The Llewellin family in Pembrokeshire is a motoring dynasty.
Lawyers for Yazidi victims of Islamic State (IS) have urged the United Nations not to let the group "get away with genocide".
Two schools in south-west London are to merge after being placed in special measures.
Seven migrants have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a Polish man who was set on fire at a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said he will allow cabinet ministers to campaign against him in the EU referendum.
A US appeals court has upheld a ruling that Wisconsin inmate Brendan Dassey, whose case featured in the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer, should be freed.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to hacking tools allegedly used to help spread the WannaCry malware has been abandoned after it was criticised by critics.
Aston Villa have signed striker Jonathan Kodjia from Bristol City for an undisclosed fee.
There has been a "lack of political will" to show that some schools in England are not doing well in terms of improving pupil performance, a report says.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, including one of the show's best-known episodes, The Web of Fear.
Aviation firm Menzies has warned full-year profits could be lower than previously forecast as it grapples with issues at London Gatwick Airport.
Russia has accused Boris Johnson of being a "poodle of Washington" after the UK foreign secretary cancelled a visit to Moscow to discuss the crisis in Syria.
A poster urging parents not to use the threat of the police to deter bad parenting has gone viral on social media.
Scotland's police are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse against former Labour peer Lord Janner, the BBC understands.
Lincoln Ladies have announced plans to merge their women's team with Notts County FC's men's side to play in the Women's Super League.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has said street protests over the union flag are "counter-productive" and damaging to Northern Ireland's image around the world.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Singer-songwriter Paul Wellens has said he was "astounded" when he found out gay marriage was illegal in Australia.
England completed a 3-0 series whitewash of world champions New Zealand with a bonus-point win at Twickenham.
More than 1.96% of joint replacements in the UK fail after five years, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her children.
Head teachers in England have called for a national register of governors who have been banned following the Trojan Horse allegations.
Matty Taylor scored two late goals as Bristol Rovers came from two goals down to draw with MK Dons at Pittodrie.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised by anti-GM protestors.
Fabian Delph has completed his £8m move from Aston Villa to Manchester City.
A patient was left on a trolley for 12 hours with a ruptured appendix in the emergency department of a hospital where a patient later died, the Care Quality Commission has said.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne was "potentially avoidable" after an independent review.
For most of his life, Ryan McGinty was not only taking drugs.
The University of Westminster has launched a new degree course in Urdu to allow students to study the language as part of their degree.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in smuggling oil from Islamic State militants in Syria, Russia's defence ministry says.
Revellers at Download are being encouraged to pose for selfies with armed police at the festival.
The UK will not start formal negotiations to leave the EU until October or November, the former European Council president has said.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has reported a sharp fall in operating profit for the third quarter, missing analysts' expectations.
Police in China say they have seized two distillers of alcohol and a drug used to make Viagra, the latest in a series of food and drug busts.
About 1,000 tonnes of waste has been collected in Somerset after a council said it had resolved a long-running industrial action.
About 4% of TalkTalk's customers were affected by a "significant and sustained" cyber-attack in October, the telecoms firm has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry holds a three-shot lead going into the final round of the US PGA Championship at Oakmont Country Club.
A student-built electric car has set a new world record for the fastest 0-to-100kph (62mph) time on a race track in Switzerland.
A British army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial he had sex with her "like an animal".
Scarlets boss Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if one of his players did what James Skelton did to Gareth Davies.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery in the Atlantic Ocean.
Thousands of people from around the world have been celebrating the start of the Ice sculpture festival in China's capital, Beijing.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist set out to capture the joys of the people of Accra to record a music video for a new dance track.
Thousands of football fans had to queue for up to 20 minutes outside a ticket office to watch their team play Tottenham in the FA Cup.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Friday, despite positive jobs figures from the US government.
Kevin Pietersen's England career came to a dramatic end after he was dropped from the squad for the final-Test series win over South Africa at Lord's.
Scientists have identified 93 sets of genes that make breast cancers more likely to develop, in a major breakthrough in understanding the causes of the disease.
People who suffer from chronic pain are at greater risk of developing chronic pain than those who do not, according to new research.
Chelsea have won their second consecutive Premier League title.
Staff at London Metropolitan University have voted in favour of going on strike in a row over plans to cut the number of support workers.
Kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the Scottish Championship season with a comfortable 3-0 win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Glamorgan made it back-to-back wins for the first time this season with an eight-wicket victory over Kent at Canterbury.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two people in a car crash while being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenager who died after a speedboat capsized have launched a campaign to raise awareness of boat safety.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has triggered his release clause to allow him to leave the Championship club.
Nigeria's Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) has announced its shortlist for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year awards.
A lorry driver has died in a crash with a lorry outside a depot in Bath.
Welsh runner Andrew Pollock has finished in the top 10 in the half marathon at the London Marathon.
The leader of Bahrain's main Shia opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called for the appointment of a senior member of the royal family as a mediator in the country's ongoing political crisis.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after parents raised concerns about a geography lesson given to students studying the Middle East.
The family of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for their "love, kind words and memories" following his death.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the Aegon Classic semi-finals with a 6-4 7-5 win over American qualifier Vania King.
A new flag to commemorate the Battle of the Somme has been unveiled in west Belfast.
Kris Meeke secured his first win of the World Rally Championship season at Rally Argentina despite a late mistake on Sunday's penultimate stage.
Police in Beijing have launched an investigation after footage emerged of a Baidu executive appearing to drive a self-driving car with his hands off the wheel.
Brian Matthew, who has died aged 88, was one of the UK's most influential and influential radio presenters.
Sam Charnley says he is looking forward to being able to "play the game without worrying about where he should be stood" after making his debut for Sale Sharks.
Israel's police have appointed a new officer to help improve relations with the country's Arab community.
Theresa May is attempting to change the voting habits of traditional Labour supporters to "lend her vote" to the Conservatives in the North-East of England in the run-up to the general election on 8 June, but in the town of Consett in County Durham, few young people seem to be paying much attention to the prime minister.
Singer-songwriter Enrique Iglesias will be out of action for several weeks after breaking his hand during a concert in Mexico.
The former chief constable of the PSNI has said the time has come to de-criminalise cannabis.
Johnny Sexton will start for the Lions against the Maori All Blacks in their final warm-up game before the first Test against New Zealand.
More than 84,000 people in Wales who are deaf or wear hearing aids are being discriminated against at work, according to a new report.
A man has been shot dead outside a barber's shop in Liverpool as part of a "serious escalation" of gang violence in the city.
The United Nations (UN) has appointed Wonder Woman, the organisation's first female superhero, as part of a campaign to promote gender equality.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is not liable for negligence in a case brought by a former Royal Marine who was paralysed after a training accident in Spain, a court has heard.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after meeting him in New York.
The knockout stage of the European Championship is in full swing, and it is time for the knockout stages to begin.
An appeal has been launched against a jail sentence given to a transgender woman for assaulting a fellow inmate.
A man and his dog had to be rescued after their car became submerged in a lake in Hertfordshire.
It's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer, Apple Newton and the Apple Newton were first released in the UK.
League Two side Luton Town have re-signed striker Ryan Pigott on loan from Southend United until January 2017.
The writer and director of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Jack Thorne, is to write the new series of Electric Dreams, a TV drama based on the short stories of sci-fi writer Philip K Dick.
A girl who was shot in the head with a crossbow is in a critical condition in hospital after a man was killed in a "domestic-related incident", police have said.
A 95-year-old man who called in to a BBC radio show to tell listeners he felt "alone" after his wife's dementia left him feeling "every day is hell".
Plans to close a hospital's maternity unit in Oxfordshire if it fails to recruit new midwives have been criticised by campaigners.
A new vein of Blue John, one of the world's most valuable minerals, has been discovered in a cave in the Peak District.
Olympic gold medallist Gurpreet Singh says he has been the victim of a "clear case of conspiracy" after failing a doping test.
Almost every primary and secondary school in England is now using tablet computers in the classroom, according to research.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast are protesting against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have signed former Derby County player Oumar Camara on a short-term deal until January 2017.
Singer-songwriter James Bay has won this year's Mercury Prize for his debut album Architect, which explores his experiences of growing up homeless in Paris.
A man has been arrested in South Africa on suspicion of murdering a man in what police described as a "love triangle" killing.
Poland's ruling party has called for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed 96 people, including President Lech Kaczynski.
Cardiff City Football Club is "highly insolvent", according to accounts released by the Welsh Premier League club.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in East Sussex.
A woman who worked in Sheffield's steelworks during World War Two has said it "breaks her heart" that the city's women steelworkers have not been recognised for their sacrifice.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson will miss the rest of the League Two season after breaking his leg in training.
All pictures from BBC Scotland's beaches of the year.
Ireland fly-half Jonathan Sexton and forwards Paul O'Connell and Peter O'Mahony were both forced off injured as they lost to France in Dublin.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy who was beaten to death with a garden chair in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Mauritius Prime Minister Mahama Jugnauth has announced his intention to step down on Monday.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out what is believed to be the world's first "tissue-engineered" windpipe transplant.
Nigeria international Uche Oshaniwa says he has made a "big step in his career" by signing for Hearts.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has withdrawn from this year's US Open in New York because of her "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a former football player who was found dead in a hotel room in Liverpool.
A group of children have been sitting on the back of a bus in central London and singing a song about the bumps and bumps on the road.
Marko Arnautovic scored a hat-trick as Stoke City moved out of the relegation play-off spot with victory at bottom club Aston Villa.
In the wake of the recent terror attacks in Paris and Tunisia, you have been telling us how you use WhatsApp to keep us informed of the latest developments.
It's been a year of extremes.
Cambridge United secured a FA Cup fourth-round replay against Manchester United thanks to a last-gasp header from League Two side Cambridge United.
France has called on the Syrian regime and its allies to cease fire on Kurdish forces in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in Dundee city centre.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United boss Graham Westley believes his side's FA Cup disappointment may have drained them mentally and physically.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has said it will allow 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon to reopen until further tests show there is no obvious risk to public health.
The EU has warned Russia against any move that could be seen as "provocative" after Georgia accused it of violating the country's border with Azerbaijan.
Teachers from the French school Charlie Hebdo in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis have spoken to the BBC about their reaction to the attacks in the city.
The European Union mission to help fight the Ebola outbreak in West Africa has set up its headquarters in Ghana's capital, Accra.
Rescuers in Nepal have rescued two more people from the ruins of buildings in the capital, Kathmandu, where the death toll from Saturday's earthquake has risen to 6,130.
(Close): Health stocks on the S&P 500 ended higher after the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of the Affordable Care Act.
BBC Sport will broadcast live commentary of South Shields v Bridgeton Town in the FA Cup second round at Wembley.
As I stood on the pitch at the Parc des Princes in Paris, France, on the eve of Euro 2016, one of the world's most expensive footballers gave me a thumbs up.
Venezuela's suspended opposition lawmakers have agreed to leave the National Assembly to allow the opposition to get the votes it needs to take control of it.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found on the M1 in Bedfordshire.
Children who read for pleasure are more likely to score better in maths, spelling and vocabulary, research suggests.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle captain Scott Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct.
For most of the Church of England's history, the role of a bishop has been a male-only one.
A man who built Greggs bakery into one of the UK's best-known high street chains was an "abuser of children", a court has heard.
The Northern Ireland cement firm Northstone has reported a fall in turnover and profits for the year to December 2012.
The deadly attack on Westgate shopping mall in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, has led to a sharp rise in the number of private security officers being deployed to public places.
The US says it is starting to send troops to Syria to train and equip rebels to fight against the Islamic State group.
The French voters go to the polls on Sunday for the second round of the country's presidential election.
The brother of a DJ who went missing after playing at the Glastonbury festival has paid tribute to him at his funeral.
The family of Adam Lanza, the 19-year-old man who killed 20 people at Sandy Hook High School in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a quiet, shy teenager with few friends.
Ireland's women's hockey team have won their first medal of the EuroHockey Championships with a 3-1 win over the Czech Republic in Dublin.
A mental health trust has admitted failing to provide safe care after a patient fell to his death from a roof at a psychiatric unit.
Two men have been arrested following an armed police operation in Luton town centre.
In our interview with the chancellor George Osborne, George Osborne admitted that he was "more optimistic about the process of leaving the EU and the single market".
UKIP has been accused of "scaremongering" about the impact of immigration on the NHS in Wales.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-3 6-2 to win the Brisbane International in Australia.
Morecambe's winless start to the League Two season came to an end with a 3-1 defeat at home to Mansfield.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked intruders who broke into a house in Kilmarnock, North Ayrshire.
Former Rangers captain Sir Alex Ferguson has backed midfielder Andy Halliday to have outshone Scott Brown in the Ibrox engine room.
Newport County chairman Ian Foxall has defended the club's decision to sack manager Graham Westley.
The parents of a Scottish woman murdered in Mauritius have written to the island's authorities to say they will not be able to attend her funeral.
People in the East Midlands are the least likely to be able to name their local councillors, research suggests.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract as host of Top Gear has dominated social media in many parts of the world.
A maths teacher at one of the schools at the centre of the Trojan Horse affair has been cleared by a disciplinary panel.
National League side Notts County have signed former Wales international defender David Davies on a short-term deal until January.
People who walk around a track three days a week for a year appear to improve the size of a key part of the brain, a study suggests.
The death of a man who took his own life at a County Antrim hospital was a result of a "gross systemic failure in the basic care provided to him", a coroner has ruled.
A British teenager on a gap year in Nepal has said she was given a drink and a Snickers bar after arriving at the country's embassy to find it was closed.
Britain's world number one Andy Murray will play British number three Naomi Broady in the first round of the Aegon Championships in Nottingham.
Leading Eurosceptic politicians in Europe have called for a referendum on the UK's decision to leave the EU after the UK voted to leave.
A lorry driver and two men have been jailed for smuggling 20 people into the UK in a "well-run organised crime group".
Prince Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been performing the Haka dance in New Zealand.
Retailers in Scotland are pushing products that are less healthy for consumers, according to a report.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation after an allegation of historical child sex abuse was made against a former employee.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex have said they fear they are facing a "Dale Farm II" in the form of unauthorised development.
The owner of O2, Li-Ka Shing, has confirmed he is in exclusive talks to buy O2 from Spain's Telefonica.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde says Saturday's Pro12 double-header against the Ospreys and Scarlets could decide which players will be selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Engineers in Switzerland have created a robot that can be used to control and control a car at high speeds.
Two men have been jailed after posing as emergency services to sell advertising in fake newspaper adverts.
A fund has been set up to help refugees and their families settle in to their new life in Scotland.
It's that time of year when many of the world's leading business leaders are beginning to think about the challenges that lie ahead in 2016.
Cornish Pirates prop Alex Cheesman has signed a new contract with the club.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Stafford to protest against calls to close the town's hospital.
A Flintshire man has shared a picture of himself with a colostomy bag after having surgery to treat a rare form of bowel disease.
In the wake of Charlottesville, US President Donald Trump has turned his attention to George Washington and other historical figures whose statues have been at the centre of recent US culture wars.
A new tram line linking the East Midlands to Derby and Derby could cost up to £200m, according to a government document.
Newport RFC shareholders have voted in favour of a £3.75m offer from the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) to take control of the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in west Belfast.
A new housing development for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire has opened its doors to the public.
An investigation into Tesla's Autopilot feature has found that the driver of the car involved in a fatal crash in May should have been able to take action to avoid the crash.
Uganda's prime minister's official website has been taken over by hackers in a bid to highlight the government's support for gay rights.
In the wake of the Westminster attack and the Westminster terror attack, there are plenty of stories to read about in the local papers.
Rangana Herath, Sri Lanka's all-time leading wicket-taker, has announced his retirement from international cricket.
A disabled man has died after being hit by a car in central London.
Saudi Arabia has said it will respond to a new law that allows families of victims of the 9/11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for its alleged role in the attacks.
The oil rig that ran aground in the Western Isles in August will be taken to Turkey to be scrapped, it has been announced.
At least 20 people have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple accused of blasphemy, police say.
Libya's rival governments have rejected a UN-brokered plan to form a unity government, saying it will turn it into a "joke".
It's that time of year when the Christmas lights go up, the tree goes up and the tinsel and decorations go up.
A former American football star who was serving a life term for killing his cellmate has taken his own life in prison in the US state of Nebraska.
The number of fatal police shootings in England and Wales rose sharply in the year to March 2017, the police watchdog has said.
The sport's world governing body, the IAAF, has confirmed it will end its sponsorship deal with German sportswear firm Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland held the Netherlands to a draw in their Intercontinental Cup game in Dublin.
A man armed with a machete has attacked a police officer at the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, officials say.
A team of scientists has been sending down a camera on a robot submarine to see what life is like in the deepest part of the ocean.
A US judge has ordered DNA tests on six people who claim to be relatives of the late singer, musician and actor, Prince.
A blogger who runs the Wings Over Scotland blog has been arrested by police investigating allegations of online harassment.
West Ham co-owners David Sullivan and David Gold have confirmed they will not sell their stake in the club to US drinks giant Mars.
Google has reported a sharp rise in revenue for the first quarter, helped by strong growth in advertising and its new parent company, Alphabet.
The new owners of a Dumfries-based engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to increase the number of staff at the site.
A charity worker accused of defrauding an elderly woman who had recently died has denied taking advantage of her after she became close to her.
A man has been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a bus in Conwy county.
Google is launching the UK version of its smart speaker, Google Home, which can play music, offer news updates and suggest recipes for your favourite foods.
A mother and her two daughters who were due to be deported to Nigeria on Thursday night have been given an overnight reprieve, the BBC understands.
A County Down councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party (UKIP) following a disciplinary meeting.
A Dublin man has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his children, who were with him.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that one of its giant pandas, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Wigan Athletic's faint hopes of avoiding relegation from League One were dented as they were beaten by Ipswich Town at Portman Road.
St Helens prop Ben Flower has been banned for 10 games after being found guilty of violent and aggressive punching against Wigan's Lance Hohaia.
Hungary says it will offer free buses to migrants who have escaped from Budapest's main railway station and are trying to get to Austria.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes believes Chelsea midfielder Victor Moses has a chance to make his mark at Stamford Bridge this season.
Ten-man Millwall missed out on the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten by 10-man Coventry.
The Scottish government has rejected claims it is "hypocritical" to blame cuts to education in Scotland on Westminster cuts in England.
A man jailed for four-and-a-half years after being found guilty of filming and distributing child pornography has won an appeal against his conviction.
The centenary of the start of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with commemorations in the Republic of Ireland and the UK.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Denver Nuggets at London's O2 in the first regular-season game to be played in the UK since 2011.
Jimmy Hennessy was a plasterer's apprentice from Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, who travelled by car with friends, who all survived.
Mansfield boss Gary Evans was sent to the stands after being sent off during Grimsby's 3-0 win at Blundell Park.
Somalia's Islamist militant group, al-Shabab, has responded to President Abdiweli Mohamed Farmajo's amnesty offer.
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
More than 1,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest calling for better safety conditions for workers in the city.
Eoin Morgan's brilliant innings helped England complete a record-breaking run-chase to beat Australia and level the one-day series at 2-2.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw to keep their League One play-off hopes alive.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19 boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach.
US President Donald Trump has issued a travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries, including Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
Some of the riots in England and Wales in 2011 could have been avoided if more police had been deployed, MPs have said.
Marketing on social media is one of the most hotly anticipated conferences of the year.
Voters in the UK will decide whether or not they want to remain a member of the European Union, or EU, on 23 June 2016.
A man who told his estranged wife to hide £237,000 in their garden after he was jailed for drug-dealing has been jailed.
In the 19th Century, Japanese knotweed was introduced to the UK as an invasive agent of destruction.
Beach hut owners in Dorset have said they are "disappointed" by plans to increase the cost of renting their huts.
A barge that ran aground in strong winds off the coast of Norway on Wednesday narrowly missed hitting an oil rig in the North Sea.
Easter is one of those times of year when most people will be looking forward to the arrival of their Easter eggs.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool city centre have been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the US bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan in May.
Johanna Shuker became the first Briton to win the British Open mixed doubles title with victory in the final at Roehampton.
President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia has won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's long-running armed conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and end a four-game losing streak in Super League.
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Championship thanks to a hard-fought win over St Mirren.
Notts County have signed former Nottingham Forest midfielder Ryan Wilson on a short-term deal.
"We were forced to leave our homes in Burma by land, sea, air and sea to escape the Burmese military regime in 1962, and we had no money to send back to our homeland," remembers Sarlan, a former Indian refugee.
More than 18% of married or cohabiting couples in England and Wales are in "distressed" relationships, according to research.
The UK government's decision to scrap a competition to develop carbon capture and storage technology has been criticised by the public spending watchdog.
Europe's Galileo satellite navigation system is designed to be the world's most accurate location system.
The sister of a girl whose body was found in a canal 20 years after she went missing has said it is time to bring her killer to justice.
Facebook has removed a post accusing eight people, including a 26-year-old man who was shot in west Belfast on Tuesday night, of being involved in paramilitary-style shootings.
Gillingham boss Peter Taylor says he would understand if Gillingham chairman Paul Scally sacked him after the club's poor start to the season.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 after scoring the winner against Israel on Sunday.
The Prime Minister, Theresa May, is visiting a school in China to see what it is like to learn a foreign language.
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria are becoming more resistant to antibiotics, raising the risk of deaths from sepsis, a leading expert says.
A wildlife charity has secured a judicial review of a council's decision to approve a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derby.
A new £33m community hospital in Somerset has been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
Leading figures from Britain's Commonwealth community have written to Prime Minister David Cameron urging him not to take the UK out of the EU.
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper has said she is worried the party could split if Jeremy Corbyn wins.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced.
A spectacular display of rainbow-coloured clouds has been captured on camera in Aberdeenshire.
Former Watford manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre-season fixture to remember him.
Cornish Pirates head coach Graham Davies has defended his side's decision-making after they were sent off three times in their 3-0 defeat by Bath in the National Two South semi-final.
Two goals from Omar Bogle and a John Akinde penalty helped 10-man Barnet come from behind to draw with Grimsby at Blundell Park.
Sunderland striker Federico Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell's Oldell's Red Bull Salernitana for an undisclosed fee.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has sent shockwaves through Europe.
India's southern city of Chennai has become the first Indian city to inaugurate a metro rail service, with the first train running on Monday.
An investigation is under way after fuel waste was dumped in south Armagh on Sunday night.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan.
Ireland's preparations for their five one-day internationals against Afghanistan were ended with a six-wicket defeat by the Afghans in the first Twenty20 international on Wednesday.
The US astronaut who's been living in the International Space Station for more than seven months is set to break the record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, the latest in a series of attacks on the birds.
Two men have been jailed after being convicted of supplying illegal drugs, including so-called legal highs, on the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
Jared Sexton and Brian O'Driscoll return to the Ireland side to face New Zealand in Sunday's Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
(Close): The FTSE 100 and other European stock markets traded higher on Tuesday, boosted by hopes that a Greek debt deal is close.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the most controversial prime ministers in British history.
Russia's decision to supply surface-to-air missiles to Syria is "unacceptable", the US military chief has said.
Banksy has denied claims he is "trolling" people who tried to buy tickets for his latest art installation.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party, saying he was "deeply disappointed" by the result of the general election.
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter's director of rugby has expressed concern about the legal action brought against Wasps by former England international Will Willis.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from Indonesian firms accused of contributing to a haze caused by forest fires.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has given his first state of the union address since President Hugo Chavez's cancer operation.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up cases that could pave the way for gay marriage to be recognised in all 50 US states.
The mood of England's players, coaches and fans ahead of Sunday's World Cup Group G game against Italy has been measured by a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has won the party's nomination to run for London mayor.
A widow who was at her husband's funeral has said she was "speechless" when she returned home to discover the "devastation" of a "brazen" break-in at her house.
Jockey David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the King George VI Chase at the Grand National at Aintree.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended after taking children on unauthorised term-time holidays.
Lewis Hamilton's father John Surtees has urged the world champion to think about the impact of the 'halo' head protection system on his son's family.
Archaeologists and geoscientists are to use laser beams to map the effects of coastal erosion as part of a project to tackle climate change.
The BBC is looking for your help to improve the quality of our radio and online content.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former captain Scott Dunn as first-team coach at Ewood Park.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the world of music.
The Scotch whisky distiller Pernod Ricard has reported a rise in sales in the first three months of the year, but said the Chinese market remains "challenging".
US media group News Corp, which owns The Wall Street Journal and other newspapers, has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September.
China's state-run newspapers are ramping up their propaganda campaign in the wake of the UN's decision to reject China's claim to islands in the South China Sea.
There were "lost opportunities" to save the life of a baby who died after he was removed from a ventilator without his parents' permission, a coroner has said.
More than £50,000 has been raised for a BBC Radio Derby appeal which aims to raise awareness of skin cancer.
A conman who conned two people out of £1,000 to buy World Cup tickets for their children has been sentenced to 80 hours of unpaid work.
A baby boy has been found dead at a house in the Vale of White Horse.
A student who was jailed for jumping on to the bonnet of a Jaguar car at the Cenotaph was unaware of the monument's significance, a court has heard.
A man has been jailed for life for trying to behead a dentist in a "planned and racially motivated" knife attack at a Tesco supermarket.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of bombings in Iraq, officials say.
Austria says it will impose daily limits on the number of asylum seekers entering the country, in an effort to curb the influx of migrants.
Major League Soccer has said it is "very supportive" of David Beckham's plans to set up his Miami Beckham United franchise.
Actress Tippi Hedren has accused Alfred Hitchcock of sexually harassing her after she appeared in The Birds and Marnie in 1963.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) say they are treating a woman who was once dubbed the world's heaviest in a row over claims she had not lost as much weight as doctors in India claimed.
A video showing the Queen Mother mimicking the Nazi salute has been released by a newspaper.
Lewis Hamilton says Muhammad Ali's boxing skills will inspire him as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the "most extreme on record" since records began, according to a new review.
Voters go to the polls on Thursday in what is set to be the first council election in decades where the Conservatives face a serious challenge from UKIP.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic was beaten in five sets by Stan Wawrinka to become the first man to defeat the world number one in the French Open final.
Yorkshire bowler Ryan Sidebottom took four wickets to help his side fight back from 54-5 to take control against Durham at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor will miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Sunday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
The UK government's decision not to ban so-called "legal highs" in the wake of the ACMD report is likely to have been influenced by the findings of the expert panel set up by the UK government last October.
More than 30 people have been arrested in Morocco after rival football fans clashed at Raja Al Hoceima's home game on Sunday.
At Zimbabwe's Heroes' Day celebrations in the capital, Harare, it's not hard to spot the people who have gathered to watch the president and the vice-president.
Rangers' former Accrington Stanley striker Josh Windass says he is hoping to make up for lost time by scoring his first goal for the Ibrox side.
A New Zealand-based company has successfully launched a small rocket for the first time.
The amount paid to consultants to do extra work in Scotland's hospitals has increased by more than a third in the last three years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
A new study suggests that playing rugby could be a great way to keep kids safe.
At least 11 people have been killed in Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano eruption, officials say.
One year on from the result of the EU referendum, the UK's decision to leave the European Union is still dominating the political agenda.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by Uefa to resume his playing career after failing a drugs test.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on 8 June to choose MPs to represent their constituencies.
Scotland's children's commissioner has said there should be no stigma attached to children having the right to food.
A teenager who took her own life was "failed by the mental health system", an inquest has heard.
Drivers' groups have criticised plans to increase the cost of speeding courses in England and Wales, calling them a "self-funding merry-go-round".
US military police are investigating after cadets at West Point Academy in New York were injured in an "over-exuberant" pillow fight.
In Brazil, the issue of homosexuality and the rights of people of African descent has become the source of intense controversy.
The car that inspired the iconic 1960s TV series Batman: Legend of the Batmobile has been sold at auction in the US.
Plans to make it easier to deport foreign criminals and make it harder for non-British people to gain access to public services have been unveiled by Home Secretary Theresa May.
At a Labour Day rally in the French capital, Paris, on 1 May, one of the country's best-known union leaders made an impassioned defence of France's economic policies.
World champion Mark Selby eased past qualifier Anthony O'Brien 10-1 to reach the World Championship second round at Crucible.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a "true club legend" who played and worked for Barnsley Football Club.
An energy company has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who were left unable to check their bills due to technical glitches.
Nico Rosberg extended his championship lead over Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to 36 points with victory in the Belgian Grand Prix.
A man has denied the manslaughter of a father-of-two who was found dead in Cumbria's Windermere.
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a special place in his heart for Manchester City after completing his move to AC Milan for an undisclosed fee.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has said it is "deeply sorry" for the "disastrous" emissions scandal that has hit the German carmaker.
Kilmarnock midfielder Scott Samson has left the club by mutual consent.
World number one Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child.
Premiership clubs have been asked by Toulon to play in the new Super Rugby tournament in 2016-17.
A time capsule containing a newspaper, a scroll, a bottle and a newspaper from 1894 has been found during work to replace a road bridge in the Highlands.
At E3, one of the biggest gaming shows in the world, they're showing off what they've been working on for virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican's recognition of his country's state as an independent state in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem is a "significant prize".
A 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith in Midlothian in March.
Ten writers have been shortlisted for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Adult Fiction.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne was granted special access to the Houses of Parliament after being convicted of fraud, it has emerged.
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard was contaminated with radiation after a piece of metal from a nuclear submarine exploded, the UK nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing seven boys at a house in Nottingham.
Microsoft is launching an education version of Minecraft that it says will make it easier for schools around the world to use the video game to teach.
Robbie Keane says he and Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill are happy to stay on as assistant managers for the rest of the Euro 2016 campaign.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for some of their out-of-favour players.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said it is good that the government wants to hold a referendum on the UK's EU membership "as soon as possible".
The European Council president has responded to the prime minister's call for the UK to negotiate the terms of its departure from the European Union.
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with a serious assault on four teenagers in Dumbarton.
An investigation is under way after a derelict pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff was gutted by fire.
Universities in Wales are considering banning essay-writing websites which offer students a bespoke essay in return for a fee.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK sent a "dirty look" at a police officer who was allegedly being followed by Islamic State militants, a court has heard.
Banners have been erected at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort in a bid to attract visitors to the site.
As Iraqi government forces close in on the Islamic State-held city of Mosul, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the latest reports from inside the city.
Mame Biram Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke came from behind to draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
A man who was stabbed to death at a car park in Dorset has died from his injuries.
The line-up for this year's Wickerman Festival has been announced.
More than 100 high street bank branches have closed in Scotland in the last year, according to research by BBC Scotland.
The Bank of England and the Bank of Japan say they have agreed new rules to prevent banks becoming "too big to fail".
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the three months to June, official figures show.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry, Torfaen, has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares continued to rise on Monday, rebounding from Friday's record highs despite disappointing trade data.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in a move to curb "black money".
A cyclist who attacked a woman in Bournemouth could be linked to a series of sex attacks in the town, police have said.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have taken part in their final media day before Saturday's heavyweight title fight at Manchester Arena.
Two climbers have been reported missing in the French Alps after getting into difficulty while trying to scale one of the world's highest peaks.
A new feature in the new Malibu car lets parents control how the car is driven to make sure it's not too loud or too quiet.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in fossilised footprints from the Permian period, some 250 million years ago.
Kent chairman John Kennedy has announced he will step down following the club's relegation from Division Two of the Championship.
A Shiv Sena MP has been banned from flying on all flights operated by India's national airlines after he admitted kicking an airline employee in the head on Thursday.
More than 1,000 people have been killed in a massacre at a school in South Sudan's capital, Pretoria.
When Boris Johnson said he was "looking forward" to Donald Trump becoming US president, it was the latest in a series of times the foreign secretary has changed his mind about the incoming president.
Teenagers who are overweight or obese are more likely to develop colorectal cancer, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said it is a "tragedy" for the party to be in its current position.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been officially opened to the public.
President Hassan Rouhani was elected to the presidency in May 2017 after winning a landslide victory in Iran's presidential election.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father John would be "ecstatic" at his side's progress at Euro 2016.
Urgent care centres at three Northumberland hospitals have been temporarily closed to deal with "extremely busy" night-time times.
It's been six months since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the US presidential election.
Commuters in London have the longest commutes in the rest of the UK, according to a study by the Trade Union Congress.
Six councils in Wales do not routinely scan the microchips of animals found dead on the roads, according to a campaign group.
3D printing is not only revolutionising the way we make things, such as 3D knock-down kits and 3D printers.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho's contract with the Premier League champions is set to be extended, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Retailer Brantano, one of the UK's largest Italian food chains, has been placed into administration.
A man accused of murdering his parents in the Republic of Ireland was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time, a court has been told.
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach's final home game in charge of the German champions ended in defeat as Wolfsburg came from behind to beat them 3-1 in the German Cup final.
The mother of a teenage girl who took her own life has said she is "appalled" by a council's decision not to reveal the full report into her daughter's death.
Google has released the first public preview of the next version of its Android operating system (OS).
The board of directors of the Berlin Philharmonic has failed to appoint a new chief conductor.
St Peter's of Drogheda and St Mary's of Clones will contest the Hogan Cup final against St Brendan's of Killarney after a 2-14 to 1-11 semi-final win for the Derry school.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers boss Tony Waddock as their new manager.
The Conservative leader, David Cameron, and the shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, have pledged to cap the amount that energy suppliers can raise prices.
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games are just around the corner!
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the groin in what police described as an "unprovoked attack".
Argentina's presidential election will go to a second round next month after no candidate won a majority of votes in Sunday's first round.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" result in the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections.
Plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal to make way for a new car park have been criticised by heritage campaigners.
National League side Braintree Town have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Sam Clifton on an undisclosed-length deal.
Plans to build a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol are "absolutely determined" to go ahead, the council leader has said.
At the bottom of a mountain in the western outskirts of the Colombian capital, Bogota, there are a number of hide-outs for the country's most powerful drug traffickers.
Repairs have been completed on a golf course in the Western Isles after a dog was pictured apparently escaping from a large sinkhole.
Tesco has reported a sharp fall in full-year pre-tax profit after it took a one-off charge to cover legal costs following a fraud investigation.
Mansfield Town have signed former Crewe Alexandra and Lincoln City striker Ryan Oliver on loan until January.
A Polish journalist expelled from Russia for publishing critical articles about President Vladimir Putin has said he will take his cat with him when he returns to Poland.
More than 5,000 people have been arbitrarily detained by the Venezuelan security forces since anti-government protests began in April, a UN report says.
Three UK-built Earth observation satellites have returned their most detailed images of the Earth since their launch in July.
An ex-serviceman from Carmarthenshire who served in World War Two has been awarded France's highest honour for his role in the Normandy invasion.
National League side Grimsby Town have completed the signing of former Mansfield Town striker Sam Clifton.
The status quo "won't be an option" if the Welsh Government wants to cut the number of local authorities in Wales, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
London Irish hooker Tommy Bowden has been banned for two games by the Rugby Football Union for violent conduct.
Iran's supreme court has ordered tech firms to allow the government to monitor their users' communications via encrypted messaging services.
Olympic gold medallist Sir Ben Ainslie has announced the formation of a new America's Cup team.
Users of touchscreen devices such as tablets could soon be able to sign on to them using pictures instead of passwords.
A man has died after being stabbed outside a bar in Grimsby.
China has condemned Japan's new security laws, saying they violate the country's pacifist constitution.
Rafael Benitez's interim reign as Chelsea manager came to a disappointing end as his side were held to a draw by Southampton at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan in June through injury.
A new species of prehistoric reptile has been discovered in a Dorset museum.
Olympic gold medallist Lizzie Archibald won the women's individual pursuit title at the Track Cycling World Cup in Australia.
More than four million people attended Scottish football matches in 2016-17, according to the latest figures.
An appeal to raise £1m to restore and refurbish the theatre at Alexandra Palace in north London has been launched.
A massive sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in the US state of California in America.
More than 1.4 million applications to register to vote in the snap general election were likely to have been duplicates, the electoral watchdog has said.
Bristol Flyers sent a message to the rest of the BBL that they are a "legitimate club" as they secured their place in the WBBL Play-offs.
Ospreys' hopes of European Champions Cup qualification were kept alive as Matavesi's late try denied Racing 92 a bonus-point win at Liberty Stadium.
More than 11,000 Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill terminally-ill boy who raised more than £700,000 to help fund his cancer treatment.
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should start in November and end in December, a Fifa taskforce has recommended.
(Close): The pound and the pound were both lower after Barclays was sued by the US government over alleged mortgage securities fraud.
The winner of a competition to become the UK's first woman to be able to read the time from the BT speaking clock has been announced.
Italy have appointed former Torino boss Giampiero Ventura as Antonio Conte's successor as coach after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Fergus has said she will never give up on the fight for justice after 20 years in prison.
National League side Cheltenham Town have signed midfielder Christian Atangana following his release by League Two side Leyton Orient.
Batsman Nick Compton says he is not an "intense performer" despite his reputation for being a hard worker in the England Test side.
Three teenagers have appeared in an Australian court charged with the murder of a university student who was shot dead in the US state of New South Wales.
Imagine getting a surprise visit from one of the world's most famous children's entertainers.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a foot injury.
Ebola was the most popular search term on Google in 2014, followed by ALS, Michael Schumacher and the bite on Luis Suarez during the World Cup.
Cornish Pirates head coach Steve Cattle has admitted his side's bonus-point win over Leinster Pirates was a result of a lacklustre performance.
A woman with a rare form of chronic fatigue syndrome has said she is determined to defy doctors who told her she would never walk again.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a review of all contacts with the UN, including visits to New Zealand and Senegal.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that the former president of Lithuania, Dalia Paksas, violated the country's constitution when he was barred from running for election in 2004.
Arsenal maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Watford at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" weather warning for heavy rain across south Wales on Monday.
More than 20,000 women in the UK have suffered a miscarriage in the past year, according to research.
Cerberus, the US investment fund that bought Nama's Nama loan portfolio, paid a law firm to help it gain access to the Northern Ireland Executive, a Stormont committee has been told.
Ayr United moved to within three points of Championship leaders St Mirren with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic.
Former first minister Jack McConnell has admitted falling down a drain during a visit to Malawi in 2007.
A prisoner has died at Elmley prison, which was the subject of a damning report into high-risk inmates, the Prison Service has said.
A fraudster who tricked prison staff into releasing him after posing as a court clerk has admitted escaping from lawful custody.
The chief executives of two police forces have been unlawfully given unlawful pension payments, auditors have found.
A driver has been fined 150% of his weekly income after being caught speeding on a motorway in East Yorkshire.
The European Commission has called on the UK to guarantee that EU nationals living in the UK will be able to claim the state pension after the country leaves the EU.
Former EastEnders and Carry On actress Dame Barbara Windsor is celebrating her retirement from acting.
Virtual reality (VR) technology is often used to let people "see what it would be like to live in a virtual reality world.
Satisfaction with the student experience at Welsh universities has continued to improve, according to the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.
Police in the German city of Cologne are gearing up for the city's New Year carnival, a year after a series of sex attacks on women during New Year celebrations.
Assembly members in Northern Ireland are being investigated by the Public Accounts Committee (PCC) over their expenses.
A black woman has said she felt as if she was "not good enough or white enough" after being refused entry to a nightclub because of her skin colour.
The number of children in foster care in Scotland is increasing at an "unprecedented" rate, according to a report.
Three friends who tackled a burglar who broke into a house have been recognised as "heroes" by police.
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be allowed to stay in the capital after the UK leaves the EU, according to business leaders.
Rotherham United captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Workers at drinks giant Diageo have voted in favour of industrial action in a row over pensions.
The first of two trains to be refurbished for the Belfast to Dublin rail service has been reinstated into service after it was suspended following safety concerns.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa against child marriage.
Venezuela's top baseball coach has called for an end to the country's professional baseball league, saying the sport should be suspended because of the crisis in the country.
Boris Johnson has hinted that the UK may have to pay the EU to stay in the single market after it leaves the bloc.
Thousands of people have left the Rock am Ring music festival in northern Germany after it was forced to cancel following a lightning strike.
India's parliament has passed a bill that will increase the maximum punishment for juvenile offenders who commit serious crimes, including rape and murder.
Three people have appeared in court in connection with the discovery of the remains of murdered teenager Becky Watts.
An airline has been criticised by the mother of a boy who was asked to leave an overbooked EasyJet flight at Gatwick Airport.
The work of a woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine 50 years ago has been recognised by the British Polio Fellowship.
Nigel Farage has been "consulted to stay on" as UKIP leader after the party's national executive committee rejected his letter of resignation.
Plans to develop a country park on the site of a former coal mine in Dorset have been approved by councillors.
The Supreme Court has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) had failed in its legal duty to stop illegal flag-raising parades.
Labour has backed the government's plan to reduce the deficit if it wins the next election.
A pedestrian has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man stabbed to death at a hostel in Newport have called on the government to publish the findings of a review into the circumstances surrounding his death.
Somerset and Lancashire were forced to settle for a draw in their One-Day Cup game after rain forced the game to be abandoned without a ball bowled.
More than 1.8 million more children in England are in good or outstanding schools than in 2010, according to the latest school results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes to protest against plans to build a basement extension has gone on trial in London.
The US government has begun recalling most of its civilian employees to deal with the effects of the longest government shutdown in US history.
A group of Dartmoor hill ponies has called for the reintroduction of a meat trade in the moor to help save the breed from extinction.
Brazilian airline Latam says it will suspend flights to Venezuela's Caracas airport "temporarily and for an unspecified time".
Eight men have been charged following the deaths of four people in a crash between a car and a lorry in West Yorkshire.
Spanish police say they have arrested a man suspected of being part of the notorious Pink Panther jewellery gang, which is believed to have been involved in hundreds of high-value robberies.
Rochdale maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a 3-2 victory over Scunthorpe at the Crown Oil Arena.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to back calls for a renegotiation of a contract to repair roadworks in the area.
Radhika Menon is the first female ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy to have won an international award for her role in saving a group of fishermen who were at risk of drowning.
England's final-day collapse in the second Test against India in Chennai was the most dramatic of the series so far.
CBBC has asked kids in the UK to decide whether they think it's better to help or punish bullies.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with the club.
Cameroon were knocked out of the Confederations Cup after losing 3-1 to Germany in their semi-final.
The UK's new aircraft carriers will be protected by the Royal Navy's new frigates and destroyers, the defence secretary has said.
The contract to supply trains for the first phase of the HS2 high-speed rail project between London and Birmingham has been launched.
The Republic of Ireland's Department of Agriculture has announced plans to sell off some of its agricultural loans.
Harriet Harman, the Labour MP for Southwark, said: "Membership of the European Union guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave, and rights for part-time workers."
A woman has admitted ordering her dog to attack another woman after telling it to "get her", a court has heard.
A teenager arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash in Monmouthshire will face no further police action.
Six uncapped players have been named in England's squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship.
The last woolly mammoths were driven to extinction in North America and Siberia 10,000 years ago.
Veteran British actor Sir Anthony Johnson, best known for his roles in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, has died aged 91.
A woman has been raped in the street in Belfast city centre.
The names of soldiers who trained in Wiltshire during World War One have been discovered.
A commemorative mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the role of RAF Bomber Command in saving thousands of Dutch people from starvation during World War Two.
Restrictions on fast food restaurants close to schools are being introduced in a bid to tackle obesity in Medway.
The Danish toy firm Lego has ended promotional links with the Daily Mail after pressure from anti-racism group Stop Funding Hate.
A drug used to save the life of a baby in the US state of Mississippi may be able to reactivate dormant HIV, according to US scientists.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin from the "dark net" was inspired by the hit US TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has set out its "most ambitious programme for government to date" as it launched its Welsh assembly election manifesto.
Harlow, in Essex, is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks head coach Steve Diamond says the Super League side are in talks to bring in some of the best players in the world to the club.
Greece captain Panathinaikos Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after the team's World Cup exit.
Jack Baird's last-gasp penalty gave St Mirren a 1-0 win over Ayr United to set up a Scottish Cup quarter-final against Partick Thistle.
A stuntman from Northern Ireland has pulled off one of the most amazing acrobatic stunts you've never seen before.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell and Cambuslang to protest against Tata Steel's plans to mothball its two plants.
The UK's advertising watchdog has told vloggers to make it more clear in their videos that they're being paid to promote products.
The family of a boy with special educational needs who was removed from mainstream schooling have said they are worried that other families are being put in the position where they have a family like their own who "desperately" need special school places.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of protests against his rule.
In our series of letters from around the world, cartoonist Laurent Sanguinetti takes a look at Australia.
More than 100 people have been named by police investigating historical child sex abuse in north Wales, it has emerged.
A man has been found dead at a hotel in Dundee city centre.
The British and Irish Lions flankers Robbie Henshaw and George North have been ruled out of the rest of the New Zealand tour.
National League side Lech Poznan have signed Reading midfielder Rakels on loan for the rest of the season.
Lana Del Rey is in the middle of one of her busiest days of the year.
The latest shooting by police in the US has once again raised questions about the relationship between black Americans and the police.
Ofsted has called on the government to take "urgent action" to close down unregistered schools in England.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way on Saturday, 2 June.
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to return to Slovenia to play at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has confirmed he will retire from cycling after the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
A County Armagh woman has been awarded £10,000 in damages for discrimination over her role as a primary carer for her disabled daughter.
I can't believe what I've just read.
Gary Dunlop will make his Ulster Grand Prix debut in the absence of TV presenter Guy Martin, who will not take part in this year's event.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "positive" despite the club's poor run of form, says chief executive Paul Raynor.
As a mother of two young children, Emma Black was used to run as fast as she could to keep up with her family.
British super-bantamweight Liam Dickens will fight WBA featherweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux for the first time at London's O2 on 25 April.
No more certificates will be made available for sale in the Republic of Ireland for people who claim to be of Irish heritage, the government has announced.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire.
WBO champion Joseph Parker's defence of his WBOBOBO world heavyweight title ended in defeat by Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy reversals on his first working day in the White House.
Jockey AP McCoy has won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the first time in his career after a thrilling victory on King George VI Chase at Kempton.
Scarlets have said they are "fully committed to eradicating discrimination and promoting equality for both staff and customers by treating people fairly and according to their needs".
Vietnamese man Phuc Bich has thanked people who have been "supporting and encouraging" his campaign to change his Facebook name to "Phoo Da Bi".
Supermarket giant Tesco has bought the Giraffe restaurant chain, which operates a chain of restaurants in the UK.
An Edinburgh taxi driver who took pictures of festival goers in his taxi to show how he captured their moments in the back of the vehicle is to go on display in an exhibition.
Twelve Syrian migrants, including five children, have drowned while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said it was "the law of Murphy's Law" after his side's 2-1 defeat by Anderlecht.
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", a leading expert has said.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged scam to raise money for the Unicef charity in Cardiff.
Portsmouth chief executive Michael Eisner is set to become chairman of the League Two club.
Aid groups in Greece have condemned the deaths of two migrants at a migrant camp in the northern Peloponnese region where two others are reported to have died.
Scientists are trying to solve some of the mysteries of one of the world's most complete Stegosauruses.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiring to defraud the US in the diesel emissions scandal.
Infection-related cancers are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working together "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround from the International Space Station.
BBC Radio 1 has announced its new line-up of presenters to mark the station's 50th birthday.
Eight whales have died following a mass beaching on the Isle of Wight.
Three weeks into a campaign of air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen, the Saudi-led coalition says it is on track to achieve its aims.
It is not every day that BBC Radio 4 asks its listeners to share their love stories on their smartphones.
Scottish drinks firm AG Barr has announced plans to reduce the sugar content of its flagship Irn Bru soft drinks as part of a drive to cut the amount of sugar in its range.
Facebook has defended its decision to retain a billionaire investor who helped fund a team of lawyers to sue media firm Gawker Media over the publication of a sex tape featuring Hulk Hogan.
The Museum of London is trying to raise funds to rebuild one of the UK's most famous robots, dubbed "The Thing".
At the end of June, El Salvador's national police put up an ad on TV and radio networks in the capital, San Salvador, warning people to be on alert for the arrival of Mexican drug cartels.
Great Britain's Olympic medal-winning winter sports are to be given more funding to boost their medal chances at future Games.
Manchester Storm moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Plymouth Argyle thanks to a 2-1 win at the SSE Arena.
The former chief inspector of police in England and Wales has called for a change in the law to make it easier to prosecute drivers who are responsible for a cyclist's death.
No charges will be brought against a woman who claimed Moors Murderer Ian Brady gave her a letter in the event of his death, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth came from behind to draw with 10-man Carlisle, who finished with 10 men at Fratton Park.
UK scientists say they have made a new measurement of the shape of the electron particle, which they say appears to be more or less round.
Parliamentarians should be protected from prosecution over comments they make in Parliament, the government's most senior law officer has said.
The family of a teenager who suffered "life-changing injuries" when he fell through a skylight at a college have been ordered to pay £150,000 in costs.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race.
A parking company has said it has taken steps to "mitate the risk of this reoccurring" after a number of people were issued with parking charges for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Plans for improvements to a busy street in Glasgow city centre have been published following a public consultation.
Singer-songwriters from South Africa and Mali have released a song in response to recent attacks on foreigners in South Africa.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in Worcestershire.
In the run-up to the Welsh government's latest budget, it was clear that universities weren't happy about the proposals to cut their funding.
The BBC has been cleared by the BBC Trust of breaching impartiality guidelines after criticising conservationists who oppose grouse shooting.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 2-1 to level the best-of-seven World Series at 2-2.
Former Coronation Street actress Gina Bracknell, who plays Zoe Tate in the soap opera, has raised more than Â£1.5m to help fund her cancer treatment.
Tony Ulloa's injury-time equaliser earned West Ham a point against 10-man Leicester as the Hammers came from behind to earn a point at King Power Stadium.
China is the world's second-largest economy and the largest exporter of manufactured goods.
A street party to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday has been held in central London.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Scientists in the US have created an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to take a tumble.
In the wake of the Calais migrant crisis, the deputy mayor of Calais, Philippe Mignonet, has said the UK should introduce ID cards.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's senior players to discuss his plans for the new season.
The scope of the US and Swiss investigations into corruption at Fifa is "not limited", says US Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland will not replace Stuart Lancaster as England's interim boss, says former captain Gareth Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has called former FBI Director James Comey's testimony about his firing a "total and complete vindication".
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police over comments he made on social media about the results of the Bradford West by-election.
Work to resurface a road in Cornwall which was closed after a landslide caused by "unusually heavy rain" has begun.
A video game based on Mexican wrestling has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles, California.
A man who used the death of a terminally ill boy to raise money for a cancer charity has been jailed for eight months.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has submitted a plan to reduce the amount of subsidies paid to businesses in the botched Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police believe missing toddler Ben Needham was killed in a digger accident in 1991, 25 years after he went missing.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell is six shots off the lead after two rounds of the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
A bridge in a town dubbed the "Romance Capital of the UK" after it was the first in the UK to have so-called love locks installed on it has been removed.
Lewis Hamilton says it is realistic for him to lose the world title to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the final four races of the season.
A man has been charged with murder after a body was found in a car in Oxfordshire.
A dog has died after getting into difficulty in the River Nessie in Perthshire.
Police in Australia have launched a "clown purge" in what appears to be a "copycat" of the recent "killer clown" craze in the US.
Durham Jets earned their first win of the T20 Blast season with a two-wicket victory over Leicestershire in a rain-affected game in Newcastle.
India recovered from a poor start to reach 200-6 in the first Test against South Africa to set up a 2-0 lead in the series.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in England, Wales and Northern Ireland has broken three million for the first time.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys when it comes to being physically active, a study suggests.
People who have been taking drugs for osteoporosis may be putting themselves at greater risk of fractures, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed striker Cammy Smith from Aberdeen for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses remain without power in Greater Manchester after flooding caused by Storm Imogen.
Transport for London (TfL) is introducing a cashless ticket system for all its bus services.
Edinburgh have announced plans to move their home matches from Murrayfield to the city's Myreside ground.
High Street fashion chain Watt Stores has announced plans to create 500 new jobs as part of a multi-million pound expansion plan.
If you're going to get fit, you need to be able to track everything you do.
South Yorkshire Police's chief constable has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
One person has died in a crash on the hard shoulder of the M1 in Birmingham.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane in the Indian Ocean has been called off after no trace of debris was found, officials say.
Clyde and Annan Athletic earned their first wins of the Scottish League Two season with 2-1 victories at Montrose and Arbroath respectively.
There's been a lot of talk in Scotland about independence after the country voted to leave the European Union.
A music teacher raped a student who was "critical" to her future career, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports from Iran jumped sharply in July, despite the US threatening to impose sanctions over Tehran's nuclear programme.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has said he is happy with the decision to award a £39m deal to buy timber from a Denbighshire firm.
Councils in England will still face a £6.8bn budget shortfall by the end of the Parliament, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
It started out as a simple tale of a seven-year-old boy getting lost in the woods.
I am looking forward to getting back to my new role as head of cricket at Surrey County Cricket Club.
Two-time Olympic gold medal winning athlete Mo Farah has told Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP needs a new leader who knows how to run the party, its deputy chairman Raad Kassam has said, as he launched the party's election campaign.
Former Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern has said customs checks will have to be re-introduced in Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
More than 30 people from Merseyside who fought in the Spanish Civil War in World War Two have been commemorated with a plaque in London.
A woman has been shot dead in what is being treated as a murder investigation by police.
The Battle of the Somme is one of the most famous battles in British history.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has said he is prepared to talk to the country's security forces as a condition for peace talks to begin.
David Cameron's decision to allow his Eurosceptic cabinet to campaign for the UK to remain in the EU after the EU referendum has been widely seen as a concession to the Eurosceptics.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced plans to use social media to express his emotions while in prison.
Boys as young as 12 should be vaccinated against a cancer-causing virus to stem the "tide" of cancer cases, cancer experts have said.
A manufacturer has responded to a Twitter appeal by a father who said he was "relieved" to find a replacement for his son's blue plastic cup.
Tom Cairney and Ennio Aluko scored as Fulham moved into the Championship play-off places with victory at Brentford.
French President Francois Hollande has named Philippe Ayrault as his new foreign minister, the Elysee Palace says.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" through the streets of Oldham in the early hours of Sunday morning has been caught by police.
It's almost time for the biggest sporting event of the year - the Winter Olympics!
Wycombe Wanderers striker Adebayo Akinfenwa says he has learned his lesson after being sent off against fellow League Two side Le Havre.
US congressman Chaka Fattah has been convicted of using campaign funds raised for his son to pay off some of his son's student debt.
UK Sport has set a target for Great Britain to win at least four medals at the Winter Olympics in Sochi in February.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has set out his latest proposals for a fiscal framework for Scotland's new budget.
Dayle Southwell scored a late winner as Wycombe maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a 1-0 victory over Stevenage.
A teenager who killed a 16-year-old boy during a row at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Northern Ireland rowers have made it through to the semi-finals at the European Championships in Rotterdam.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police after a man was killed in a car crash in Florida, US media report.
India has the potential to become "one of the leading nations in chess boxing", according to the president of the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO).
A fund-raising campaign to save one of the world's largest radio telescopes for the search for alien life has passed its fundraising target.
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the EU.
A man who was found on the roof of a church in Edinburgh on New Year's Day was "very, very drunk", a court has heard.
Labour's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to hold elections for the shadow cabinet.
A police force is to record all incidents of abuse and harassment against women as a hate crime.
The results of the BBC Spotlight poll on the potential outcome of a border poll in Northern Ireland have been released.
Two Iranian refugees who were part of a deal to resettle them in Cambodia have left Australia's offshore detention centre in Nauru.
A cafe in the town where April Jones was last seen alive has been criticised for displaying a sign mocking the family of the murdered schoolgirl.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 15 years for encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State.
A three-year-old boy who died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot has been named by police.
US technology giant Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24bn) to help fund plans to return more of its cash to shareholders.
An NHS trust that runs five hospitals in east Kent has been put into special measures after inspectors found it was failing patients and staff.
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments by US President-elect Donald Trump about the "One China" policy.
The director of one of China's controversial baby hatches has suspended the opening of the facility to new babies, saying that too many are being abandoned there.
A father who tried to save his son after he got into difficulty in the sea died from a brain injury caused by drowning, an inquest has heard.
Ed Miliband has set out what he calls a "lock" in the Labour manifesto that will keep Labour fiscally honest until after the election.
The family of a Welsh backpacker missing in Peru have said they are planning to fly to the country to find him.
Peru's President, Ollanta Humala, has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for the country's "great transformation".
A man has been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off Anglesey.
A group of bikers are taking legal action against a brewery after it banned them from its pub.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Promotion-chasing Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to five points with a 2-1 win at Livingston.
A multi-million pound project to rebuild one of the UK's largest shopping centres has moved a step closer after it was granted planning permission.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 54 jobs, the firm behind some of the UK's best-known cider brands has announced.
The chairman of an inquiry into historical child sex abuse in Westminster, Paul McKelvie, has resigned from the panel set up to investigate the issue.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to recognise one another formally for the first time.
No-one could have prevented the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by an illegal breed of dog, a report has found.
England boss Mark Sampson has named his 23-strong squad for their January training camp in Spain.
The UK is holding a referendum on whether to remain a member of the European Union (EU).
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the low turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution, saying it was a "shambles".
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen has joined South Africa's South African Super League side, the Dolphins, for the rest of the season.
A cross-community legal bid to stop the UK leaving the European Union has been launched in Northern Ireland.
The political parties in Northern Ireland are in talks to try to find a solution to the political crisis in the UK.
Newly uncovered documents have revealed the story of a protest by local farmers against the artist and gardener Claude Monet's plans to create a water garden in his garden.
A fireworks shop owner has said he is "devastated" after his fireworks business was destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Two police constables who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked.
Two goals from Islam Slimani and one from Demarai Gray helped Leicester City overcome Championship side Sheffield United in the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the way sepsis is treated in hospitals in Wales, according to new research.
A California court has begun hearing a dispute between Robin Williams' children and his widow over the contents of the late US comedian's estate.
A man who used marriage certificates to register the births of children he had tricked into thinking they were his own has been jailed for two years.
Luca Parmitano, the first Italian astronaut to walk in Space, has returned to Earth after his mission to the International Space Station.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone, Kent.
The UK government's decision not to suspend or cancel arms sales to Saudi Arabia was "rational", the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order batsmen continued to struggle as they were beaten by India A in the second of two warm-up games in Mumbai.
Cruise firm Carnival has reported a rise in profits for the three months to the end of September, despite a sharp fall in ticket prices.
The Uruguayan government has announced plans to start selling marijuana in pharmacies in July.
A woman whose friend was killed in an explosion at a wood treatment plant has said she feels "privileged and thrilled" to be awarded an MBE for her work in raising funds for the victims' families.
Bristol residents living in the south of the city say they're not happy with the idea of using vinegar to kill weeds.
Oxfordshire's private sector may not be able to cope with the impact of cuts to public sector spending, according to one of the county's business leaders.
One person has been killed and three others injured after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto.
RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner scored a hat-trick as they moved level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich with a comfortable win at Mainz.
Up to two-thirds of the UK will be able to access high-speed broadband by 2016, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that some countries are not ready to provide effective testing for HIV in their own laboratories.
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says it will be the "most special moment" of her career if Scotland qualify for their first major championship finals since 1998.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst following his departure from West Bromwich Albion.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a bonus-point win over Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to scrap the cap on the amount a family can claim in benefits.
Bosses have been warned not to allow their staff to be spied on via work email accounts, after a ruling that it was legal to read their private messages.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana, conservationists say.
An extra £1.1bn will be needed to provide the same level of care for elderly and disabled people as last year, a survey suggests.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Rangers midfielder Lee McCulloch.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much money in the January transfer window as some of his Championship rivals.
Widnes Vikings full-back Josh Mellor has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Super League side.
League One side Oldham Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Ryan MacDonald on loan for the rest of the season.
Inspectors have identified 26 areas for improvement at a hospital in Dumfries and Galloway where they raised concerns about the quality of care for patients with dementia.
Bournemouth assistant referee Neil Friend has been forced to withdraw from Saturday's FA Cup match against Southampton after breaking his nose in a collision with the dugout.
The former British colony of Belize, which declared independence from the United States in 1981, is a small, mountainous country with a coastline on the Pacific Ocean.
A woman has been found not guilty of sending a 13-year-old boy indecent images of herself on Facebook.
A drug made from the cannabis plant is being tested in the UK to see if it can reduce the severity of seizures in children with epilepsy.
West African countries have warned The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh that they will intervene militarily if he refuses to step down.
Pupils in west Belfast are getting the help they need to improve their GCSE grades.
A High Court judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he did not intend to interfere with comments made by a TD in the Dáil (Irish parliament) about the businessman Denis O'Brien's personal finances.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a short-term deal.
Profits at BG Group, the oil and gas firm being bought by Royal Dutch Shell, have fallen sharply in the three months to March.
An "urgent" campaign is needed to boost visitor numbers to Cumbria after flooding caused by Storm Desmond, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a 2-0 victory at Scunthorpe.
In the aftermath of Nepal's devastating earthquake, emergency workers are working around the clock to save the lives of those who are still missing.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels after the terror attacks in the Belgian capital have said they are "fearing the worst" for his welfare.
Jockey Katie Turner says the success of female jockeys shows there is "light at the end of the tunnel" for female riders.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs from its North Sea operations as part of a restructuring plan.
Human remains found in New Mexico have been identified as those of an 80-year-old US man who went missing while searching for a buried treasure hoard.
A man has been killed in a crash between a car and a lorry on the A1 in north Belfast.
How do you go from not being able to throw the hammer, to winning a Commonwealth Youth Games gold medal, to competing for your country at the Olympics?
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US box office for the first time, despite no major new release to coincide with the holiday.
A dog has been rescued by coastguards after getting stuck on cliffs in Devon.
The family of a woman who was killed by a lorry in London's Bethnal Green area have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Newcastle's hosting of the Rugby World Cup has been hailed a "huge success" by the city's tourism body.
Cardiff City maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they held Bristol City to a goalless draw in a scrappy encounter at Cardiff City Stadium.
More than 30 bearded dragons have been rescued by staff at an animal sanctuary in Gwynedd.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone with a 1-0 win at home to Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for helping to dispose of the body of a man who was murdered by his ex-partner.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The future of the Scottish FA's performance-based football programme will be decided in the coming months, according to John McClair.
A Monet painting, Nympheas, has sold for £31.7m at an auction in London.
Nico Rosberg held off a late charge to win the Singapore Grand Prix and extend his lead over Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Graeme McDowell has been saying it for a while.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused Pfizer and Flynn Pharma of abusing their dominant position in the drug market to push up the cost of a cancer drug to the NHS.
Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to become a member of world football's governing body, Fifa.
Audi has announced it will withdraw from the Le Mans 24-hour endurance race to focus on the electric racing series Formula E.
More than 1,000 homes in south London have been left without water after a burst water main.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand in May's Holyrood election with a promise to restore the money lost from the Tory tax rise on working families.
Bristol City will be boosted by the return of midfielder Milutin 'Michail' Sredojevic for Friday's visit of QPR.
The results of Iraq's parliamentary elections have left no single party or bloc with a clear overall majority.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for high winds across Scotland.
More than 2,000 gold coins dating back to the Fatimid Caliphate have been discovered in Israel's Mediterranean Sea, archaeologists say.
Former Australian Open champion Peter Lindahl has been banned from tennis for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing.
One of the most high-profile figures in British business, the chief executive of British Airways, Ian Read, has been sacked after it emerged that he was paid £1.3m-a-year.
Colleges are having to try to achieve in two years what schools failed to deliver in a decade of formal education.
A newborn baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found in a street in Tallaght, County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland.
A Singaporean couple's coffin-themed wedding photo shoot has gone viral on social media, with some calling it a "daring" way to "break the taboo" on death.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's injury-time equaliser earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield.
Downton Abbey has added a new guest star to its line-up for the fifth series of the BBC One drama, with actress Katie Johnston joining the cast.
As the price of oil continues to fall, who are the winners and losers?
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined for failing to turn up to training on time.
A key part of World War Two codebreaking equipment has been found in a shed in Southend after it was advertised for sale online.
More than 30 arts projects have been chosen to mark the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
Five schools in Yorkshire and Humber have been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted after inspectors found they were not providing a good education.
Arsenal have signed former France international Paul Reveillere on a short-term deal.
Russia's security service wants to ban the public from seeing details of public property, in a move that could make it harder to tackle corruption, an anti-corruption watchdog says.
Nato and Russia have expressed "deep and persistent differences" over the conflict in eastern Ukraine, after talks in Brussels.
The use of jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones in Scottish prisons is set to be operational in weeks, Justice Secretary John MacAskill has said.
Thousands of people in the US state of Louisiana have been rescued and thousands more have been forced to flee their homes after severe flooding.
Australia's national airline has appointed a female chief pilot for the first time in the country's history.
A fake BBC news report has been circulating on social media in Kenya in the run-up to the country's presidential election.
Brazil's President, Michel Temer, has condemned the gang rape of a teenage girl in the city of Rio de Janeiro.
Controversial plans to build a golf course in East Sutherland have been lodged with the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to build a new £1bn headquarters in London, with plans to create up to 7,000 jobs in the capital.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of a "bungalow" built by Stonehenge's early inhabitants.
A chronology of key events:
Christian Benteke is set to leave Liverpool to join Crystal Palace, reports BBC Radio Norfolk.
The family of a Scottish grandmother who moved to Australia to care for her disabled son and his family have been told it could take 30 years to apply for a new visa.
More than 30 people were forced to leave their shops and businesses in County Tyrone after a burst culvert overflowed on Saturday night.
A task force set up to help save Scotland's steel industry has met for the first time.
Lancashire captain Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop in north Wales.
Hearts' return to the top flight of the Scottish Professional Football League will raise the profile of the league, according to SPFL chairman Doncaster Doncaster.
Universities in Wales are not getting enough money to fund their tuition fee grants, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Guy Luzon says he will not worry about his team selection for Saturday's Championship game at Bournemouth.
The Chinese government is using its "toolbox of coercive methods" to deter foreign companies from entering the country, according to former BBC China correspondent Ian McGregor.
Watch the moment Wales beat England in the Euro 2016 semi-final at Hampden on Friday night.
More than a third of working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by the charity Shelter.
More people in the UK used contactless card payments last year than ever before, according to figures released by the UK card industry.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Saturday morning have said they are "beyond heartbroken".
The US military says the battle to retake Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants is "far from over".
Isabelle Linden's first goal for Birmingham City Ladies earned them a 1-1 draw at Reading in their opening game of the Women's FA Cup.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the Republic of Ireland's Under-21 squad.
Annual inflation in the UK rose by 0.3% in January, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Olympic gold medallist Greg Davies and world champion Sophie Hermitage won gold for Great Britain at the European Indoor Championships in Bologna.
The Scottish government has given a "clear signal" of its commitment to improving a hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
Sheffield United head coach Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider signing defender Yidseng Yiadom until his contract with the club is resolved.
Ministers have been criticised for spending thousands of pounds on "useless" poster campaigns to promote plans for the Metro project.
Ireland flanker Sean O'Brien has been named in the 23-man squad for Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.
MPs have questioned whether the BBC gets a "fair bang for its buck" for the amount of money it invests in the Midlands.
Astronomers say they have discovered the most distant object ever detected outside our Solar System.
If you ever want to woo someone with a bouquet of flowers, here's a tip: don't go overboard.
England produced one of the greatest ever victories over New Zealand as they stunned the world champions with a stunning victory at Twickenham.
A $1bn (Â£800m) crowdfunding campaign to develop artificial intelligence (AI) research has been launched in the US.
Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in the Six Nations opener in Tbilisi.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season.
The Labour Party appears to have won the battle for the youth vote in this year's general election.
Sir Neville Neville Marriner, the founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, has died aged 93.
It was, in a word, the strangest of nights.
Two people have died following a crash between a car and a lorry in County Down.
The sale of so-called "legal highs" in the Republic of Ireland has completely disappeared from the high street, according to police.
Bournemouth manager Mark Hughes says Giannelli Imbula's time at the club has been a "frustrating" experience.
A driver has died after his car crashed into the back of a lorry parked in a lay-by.
The body of a man has been found in the sea off the Tresco Estate in Cornwall.
Singer-songwriter Muramasa Sengo has been named in the BBC's Sound of 2016 list of the year's best new artists.
The mood at the Likud party headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief.
The number of people making daily commutes to and from work has more than doubled since 2010, according to official figures.
Barra Airport in the Western Isles is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle crossing across the River Severn is set to open after months of delays.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena attack.
Plans to build a garden bridge across the River Thames in south London have been given the go-ahead after a deal was struck to cut London taxpayers' contribution to the project.
A sculpture of water lilies by Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on show at Chatsworth Castle as part of a new art exhibition.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK.
2016 has been a year of music, art and death.
In his resignation letter to Tate director Nicholas Serota, he writes: "I leave an institution that has the potential to become one of the world's leading cultural institutions."
The transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 July, but clubs were allowed to sign foreign players for the rest of the season.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has told the BBC's Asia Business Report that he remains optimistic that the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be reached.
Sister Nirmala, who took over the running of the Indian charity founded by Mother Teresa, has died in the city of Kolkata (Calcutta).
Goalkeeper Natasha Laws has signed for Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has not called for a veto over any Brexit deal negotiated by the UK government.
The Co-operative Bank says it has agreed a plan to raise up to £1bn from new investors to help fund its turnaround plan.
On the outskirts of the Afghan city of Jalalabad, near the border with Pakistan, we were greeted by a rusty old digger that had seen better days.
A flood-prone railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after repairs were carried out to improve safety.
A dog with a "unique" feature which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
A letter written by John Lennon thanking his aunt and uncle for buying him presents for Christmas is to be sold at auction.
David Cameron's tough talk to European Union leaders this week on benefits for EU citizens is just the latest sign that the Conservative Party is starting to show signs of splitting along the hardline Eurosceptic and pro-EU lines.
A facsimile of the Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark its 800th anniversary.
Former Scotland midfielder Danny Wilson believes the absence of captain Darren Fletcher will not affect Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland.
A new rescue boat has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to try to help save the lives of people trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas to disperse protesters who were protesting against a curfew imposed after the fatal shooting of a teenager by a policeman.
Brazil's government says it is committed to reducing the rate of deforestation in the country's forests.
Ex-Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons says South African sides' nine-month preparation for the new Pro12 will be "brutal".
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised a Spanish-owned energy company in a move that could set a precedent for other countries to do the same.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, has reported a rise in profits, helped by sales at the fast food chain in China.
Residents of Sheerwater in Woking have called for a review of plans to demolish their homes in a bid to regenerate the area.
About 100 workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on a drilling rig.
Black residents in Ferguson, Missouri, have elected their first black council members since the death of an unarmed black teenager who was shot dead by police.
Trade union leaders have called on the government to co-ordinate industrial action against planned cuts to public services.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins won gold in the men's time trial at the Road World Championships for the first time in his career.
I've just returned from a two-week holiday in South-East Asia, and I've been struck by how fast things are moving there compared to America.
Two Australian men have been charged over an alleged terror plot to carry out an attack in Sydney, police say.
An MP has admitted he has "some responsibility" for approving a council's £10.25m loan to a football club that has never paid back the money.
People born in the early 1980s are the first post-war generation not to have higher incomes in early adulthood than previous generations, according to a report.
Star Wars characters have been captured on camera in the Firth of Forth to mark the release of Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Ray Moore has resigned as Indian Wells tournament director after saying women should "get down on their knees" to thank men for giving them more prize money.
Richard Cockerill has resigned as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers.
Former JP Morgan Chase co-founder Hank Greenberg is set to go on trial in New York for fraud and money laundering over the 2008 financial crisis.
Marcus Trescothick scored a double century as Nottinghamshire took control against Somerset at Taunton.
Two directors of a turkey processing company in Newport have been jailed for selling unsafe amounts of turkey to restaurants and butchers.
A police officer who saved a 21-year-old man from falling to his death from a fire escape has been awarded an award for bravery.
Volkswagen's top executive has said he is "optimistic" that the carmaker will come up with a solution to fix the emissions scandal that led to the discovery of illegal levels of pollution in its diesel cars.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester 3-2 in the National League.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing ahead of a World Cup qualifier against England in October.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after his record-breaking Masters win at Alexandra Palace.
Arsenal's opening game of the new Premier League season will be shown live on Sky Sports in the UK.
The leaders of the Republic of Ireland's two main political parties are holding talks to try to form a minority government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jack Mackie has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with the club.
A rare albino deer has been born at a zoo in the US state of California in America.
A missing family of 12 from Luton are thought to have gone to Syria, police have said.
Cardiff Central Council (CBC) has announced plans for a gondola system to run between the city centre and Penarth.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost an appeal against a High Court ruling that it must provide documents in a case brought by a man who claims he was wrongly accused of being a loyalist informer.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of not doing enough to stop Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election.
A football club has apologised after residents were woken by the sound of "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish capital, Istanbul, with gunfire and a fire, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital.
No charges will be brought against a blogger who was at the centre of a long-running legal battle with a council chief executive, prosecutors have said.
A man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of stealing watches from an Emirates flight from Dubai to the Chinese territory.
France's presidential candidate has said he will use his mandate to reform the country's relationship with the European Union.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of a man who has won his fight against deportation from the UK.
A former City executive has been banned from working in the financial services industry after being fined for illegally using an Oyster card to avoid paying the full fare to travel from a rural station to London.
David Cameron has a "duty" to tackle corruption in Russia "head on" when he visits Moscow on Sunday, the former foreign secretaries have said.
Hartlepool striker Jake Cassidy headed in a late equaliser to earn his side a draw at Macclesfield in their National League opener.
Iran will not decommission its nuclear reactor at Arak until next week, the country's nuclear energy minister has said.
The story of the last known sighting of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to be shot down in World War One, is one of the most mysterious in the history of the conflict.
David Haye says he will "take whatever punishment" the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) gives him following his comments following his defeat by Tony Bellew.
As the liquidators at BHS prepare to begin selling off the struggling department store, what are the chances of saving BHS from liquidators?
Thousands of metalworkers in South Africa have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A US man who was shot by a gunman on a train from Amsterdam to Paris in August 2015 has been awarded France's highest honour for his role in foiling the attack.
A road in the Scottish Borders is to be closed to allow work to be carried out on a major flood protection scheme.
A bid to devolve control of the Solent to Hampshire and Isle of Wight councils is "almost certainly dead", according to council leaders.
Middlesbrough midfielder Marten de Roon has signed a new three-and-a-half-year deal with the club.
A train carriage that carried Winston Churchill's coffin to his funeral has been restored at a railway museum in Shropshire.
A London GP has said the week before Christmas was "175% busier" than any previous Christmas week in the city's history.
Ikea has recalled beach chairs that can be used to re-assemble after washing to reduce the risk of them collapsing.
Banks in the Indian capital, Delhi, have begun marking people's fingers with indelible ink to stop them swapping their banned big bank notes for smaller ones.
Former US football star Jessica Chastain, best known for scoring the winning goal in the 1999 Women's World Cup, is donating her brain to research into the effects of concussion.
A woman and her dog have been rescued after a lorry crashed into their flat in Fairlie, North Ayrshire.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died after being hit by a short-pitched ball.
Sensationalist Eniola Aluko scored a late equaliser as Hull City came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest at the KCOM Stadium of Light.
Stem cells that can be used to treat type 1 diabetes have been successfully grown in the laboratory, according to US scientists.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew has been cited by police following an incident in the 2-2 draw with Watford on Saturday.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club have the potential to challenge for promotion to the Premiership next season.
Goalkeeper Anna Lindahl has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Chelsea Ladies.
A woman immortalised in one of the most recognisable magazine covers in history has been arrested in Pakistan, officials say.
In the 19th Century, inventors from around the world were encouraged to come up with innovative devices to improve the quality of care in developing countries.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve travel times on the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been published.
Newcastle United have completed the signing of Dutch defender Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has gone missing from her home in Greater Manchester.
A three-year-old girl has been found safe and well after going missing from her home in Teesside.
A gay vicar has said the Church of England is "institutionally homophobic" and has policies and attitudes towards the LGBT community which are harmful.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen defender Ryan Shotton has signed a new, undisclosed-length contract with the Pittodrie side.
Nottingham Panthers moved three points clear at the top of the Elite League thanks to a 4-2 win over Belfast Giants at the SSE Arena.
"This is the only place in Somalia where you don't have to worry about the al-Shabab [Islamist militant group] every day."
A priest from the Republic of Ireland has been recognised as a saint by Pope Francis.
Critics have praised a new exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate Modern.
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United employee has told a tribunal she was suspended from the football club because of her relationship with one of its coaches.
Elton John has apologised to a steward for calling her "Hitler-like" after telling her to "lighten up" at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as manager of Crystal Palace, saying he wants to "savor life while I am still relatively healthy".
A union has said it is "absurd" that Ceredigion Council is considering the closure of the only residential home for elderly people in the county.
The US space agency (Nasa) has released the first colour images of Jupiter taken by its Juno probe since going into orbit around the planet.
"There is no such thing as a clear cut conclusion from a report."
More than 100 biscuit makers in Greater Manchester have been put into administration following a sharp fall in the value of the pound against the euro.
A Pembrokeshire-based firm behind the Zano motorbike project has published details of how it distributed the £2.3m it raised to fund the project.
Malaysian police say they believe Islamic State militants were involved in an attack on a bar in which a man was stabbed to death.
Eastern European candidates hoping to become the next UN secretary-general face a tough challenge to win the backing of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council.
At least 13 people have been arrested as part of an investigation into a Kurdish-Kurdish militant network in Europe, Italian police say.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) serviceman has said he is "heartbroken" after his medals were stolen from his car.
A Brief History of Seven Killings by Marlon James and Out Stealing Horses by Kevin Barry are among the titles in the running for this year's Dublin Book Prize.
The future of a Leicestershire museum has been put in doubt after funding was withdrawn for a project to improve its condition.
Theo Walcott's late equaliser earned Arsenal a draw at Manchester United as the Gunners' faint hopes of a top-four finish in the Premier League were dented.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions in their innings defeat by Bangladesh in Dhaka.
Thirty years ago this week, the Zeebrugge ferry, the Herald of Free Enterprise, set sail from the Belgian port of Rotterdam for its final journey to Dover.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are working hard to save the lives of young bats that have been found in all sorts of strange places.
A man has been stabbed after being attacked by another man on a train at a south London railway station.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, with voters in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland overwhelmingly opting to remain in the EU.
Three pupils have been expelled from Dumfries and Galloway High School after a small amount of cannabis was found on the school's premises.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to their Championship campaign with a comfortable 3-0 victory over Leeds United.
Five people have appeared in court following an investigation into the use of a police helicopter for illegal filming.
Microsoft has unveiled a device that lets owners of its next-generation Xbox One console control handheld devices via their smartphones and tablets.
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way on Saturday as champions Celtic take on Qarabag in the Europa League qualifiers.
Gatwick Airport was closed after a drone was spotted close to the runway, prompting a number of flights to be diverted.
Bahrain has freed prominent human rights activist Nabeel Rajab, who had been serving a two-year prison sentence for taking part in protests in the Gulf kingdom.
Aberdeen's faint hopes of a Scottish Premiership play-off place were dented as they were beaten by 10-man Rangers at Pittodrie.
A consortium of private companies is set to bid for contracts to provide cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
A memorial to Jersey's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France.
Exeter Chiefs kept up the pressure on Premiership leaders Wasps with a hard-fought bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at Sandy Park.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced an independent review into the alleged abuse and neglect of elderly people in care homes.
Congo secured their place in the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals by beating Burkina Faso to reach the last eight.
A writer-activist in India has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have collided at an airport in Detroit, Michigan, causing minor damage to one and major damage to the other.
The latest Scottish unemployment figures show a sharp rise in the number of people looking for work in the spring months, compared with the UK as a whole.
A scientist who developed a new type of falling snow liquid has been offered a full-time job with a film and TV production company.
Mental health services in England have seen a sharp fall in the number of patients being discharged from hospital, figures show.
The mother of a schoolgirl with a rare form of bone disease has said she feels like "a weight has been lifted off our shoulders" after a drug to treat the condition was approved for use on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell have been given the all-clear by the SPFL to play against Airdrieonians in Saturday's Premiership game at Fir Park.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, whose work helped usher in a new conservative era in US politics, has died aged 91.
A company has been given a two year conditional discharge for failing to carry out safety checks on homes in a new housing development in Dorset.
At the University of Groningen in the Netherlands it is easy to spot the difference between the UK and the rest of Europe.
The Ulster-Scots language was granted protected status by the British and Irish governments in the Treaty of Rome in March 17th Century.
A California woman who went missing after her husband reported her missing has been found alive, police say.
New York City council members have passed a bill to make it easier for performers to perform in Times Square without being harassed.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health unit has been given permission to live in his own home.
Private clinics offering tests to women in the UK to see if they are at risk of carrying a baby with Down's syndrome may be misleading, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
A plan to encourage more people to walk and cycle in Wales has been published by the Welsh government.
The thing about running for the Republican presidential nomination is that there are certain groups of voters that you just do not cross.
More than 1,000 competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Race.
Commons leader Sir Kevin Rudd has been asked to consider whether any breaches of the House of Commons' code of conduct have taken place.
Shares in Weibo, China's most popular micro-blogging platform, have soared after it listed its shares in the US for the first time.
Great Britain's Wheelchair Basketball team are back in Yorkshire!
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to after a man was stabbed on a bus in Edinburgh.
Residents of the US territory of Guam in the Pacific Ocean have been reacting to North Korea's latest threat to fire a missile at the island.
A British diver has said he is "elated" after charges were dropped against him in connection with the deaths of two British divers in Malta.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, led by gains in the energy and energy stocks.
A new law in eastern Ukraine has begun a campaign to remove communist-era monuments in the town of Zaporizhya, in the east of the country.
Rory McIlroy has dismissed the idea that Europe's chances of winning the Ryder Cup are enhanced if they beat him in Friday's fourballs at Hazeltine.
Four men have been charged in connection with a ram-raid at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Amazon, one of the world's biggest online retailers, has been accused of using tax avoidance techniques to reduce the amount of money it owes to the UK tax authorities.
In the aftermath of the migrant shipwreck in the Aegean Sea, many families are left without any trace of their loved ones.
He was once the poster child for the world's worst-ever sprinter, but now he is the poster boy for the best.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will not stand for re-election in May's General Election.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust says it has yet to receive any indication from the club's new American owners about their plans for the club.
A man has appeared in court in connection with the death of a woman who was killed in a crash on Anglesey in March 2014.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about Gareth Bale's patriotism after the Wales forward accused his side of lacking it.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has given his backing to Ed Miliband's handling of a row with the Unite union over the selection of a Falkirk parliamentary candidate.
Theresa May has dismissed reports that she and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker clashed over the UK's Brexit strategy as "Brussels gossip", saying: "A lot of this is Brussels gossip".
Livingston midfielder Scott Martin has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the League Two side.
The owner of Pembrokeshire's Circuit of Wales has said he is "surprised and concerned" by claims that up to 6,000 jobs could be created by the project.
Hundreds of Southampton council workers could face job losses and the closure of care homes in a bid to save the authority from budget cuts.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to within a point of the Scottish League Two play-off places with a 3-1 win over Elgin City.
League Two side Plymouth Argyle have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a short-term deal until January 2017.
Two people found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named by police.
Hull City captain Patrick Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England after picking up a calf injury.
The family of a schoolgirl who was murdered by a convicted killer have said they remain "stunned" at the inquest into her death.
At least 20 people have been killed in a Taliban attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager stabbed to death in a street in south London has been named by police.
Rolf Harris's life in Australia is spiralling out of control.
The boss of PSA Peugeot and Citroen is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss a possible takeover of Vauxhall.
A Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September after a sharp fall in the number of fish it harvested.
Invest Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has said he will ask the public spending watchdog to investigate claims that the agency's rent for its new headquarters was at least double the market rate in 2012.
US scientists say they have identified chemicals from sweetgrass grass that appear to be able to repel mosquitoes.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of indecently assaulting her boyfriend on the set of a music video.
A court battle has broken out between Google and Facebook over the use of the word "Litter Hunter" in an attempt to force the company to change its name.
More than 100 homes in Cambridgeshire have been told to boil their tap water after tests showed "naturally occurring organisms" were in the water.
In this week's Tech Tent, we look at the rise of virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the boom in watching video games online.
England took control of the second Test against Pakistan with a six-wicket win in Cardiff to level the three-match series.
At the Japan society's home in Belfast, it's easy to see why it is called the Japan House.
David Cameron has said a Russian proposal to put Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles under international control is a "significant step forward".
Former Attorney General Lord Ashcroft, whose book about David Cameron has caused a "bit of a stir", is recovering in hospital after being rushed to the US following his illness, his publisher has said.
The Taliban has captured Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand from the Afghan security forces.
Prisoners living close to an Essex jail have been warned to lock their doors if packages are thrown over the wall.
The names of the first women priests to be ordained in Wales will be displayed at cathedrals across the country.
Councillors in the Borders are being asked to approve the final design of a scheme to build a permanent home for the Great Tapestry of Scotland in Kirkwall.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said he hopes the SDLP and Alliance Party will make up their minds within the next seven days whether they will join the Northern Ireland Executive.
The search for the bodies of two winchmen and the pilot of a coastguard helicopter that crashed off the Mayo coast in the Republic of Ireland has resumed on Sunday.
The Chinese government has held an event to celebrate the birth of the Year of the Monkey King, the country's most famous monkey.
An all-amputee crew from the UK has become the first to row across the Atlantic in the Talisker Challenge.
A second turbine has been installed in Shetland to generate electricity from the tides at Bluemull Sound.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on loan from Championship side Queens Park Rangers until January.
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train rumoured to be buried near a Polish castle have said they are "absolutely certain" it is there.
Bradford City have offered midfielder Luke Darby a new contract to stay with the League One side.
In her first interview since becoming the new director of the Tate Modern, Emma Balshaw is keen to set out her vision for the institution.
CIA Director John Brennan's use of a private email account to conduct intelligence briefings appears to have been hacked, according to newly released documents.
I've been watching a team of robots play in the RoboCup, one of the world's most advanced artificial intelligence competitions.
A US tourist has been raped and robbed in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
Former World Cup-winning striker Abby Wambach has admitted to police in the US state of Oregon that she first tried cocaine at age 25, court documents show.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine as defending champion Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in England are paid 22% less than their counterparts in other countries, according to a report by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Relatives of the families of 24 villagers killed by British soldiers in Malaysia have lost an appeal against the UK government's refusal to hold a public inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Kristoffer Nordtveit from Bundesliga side Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have said they are "devastated" and "saddened" after their concert in Glasgow was cancelled because of heavy rain.
Some schools in England are failing to give parents a clear picture of how places are allocated, says the country's chief adjudicator for school admissions.
Tottenham kept up the pressure on Premier League leaders Leicester City with a hard-fought win at Swansea.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says the players have "let themselves down" by failing to win the Scottish Premiership title.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of former Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a two-year deal.
What do you do when the Northern Ireland Assembly isn't sitting?
Russia has begun military exercises in the south of the country to prepare for the possible deployment of troops to areas close to the Ukrainian border.
A paramedic who posted offensive comments about a Stafford Hospital nurse on Facebook has been struck off.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying Tunisian and Tunisian activists protesting against the blockade of the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Scotland's political leaders have been campaigning ahead of the general election on 7 May.
Victims of asbestos-related mesothelioma who were exposed to asbestos in the workplace will be able to claim compensation under a new fund, the government has announced.
Blackburn Rovers maintained their faint hopes of Championship survival with a hard-fought draw against Bristol City.
AFC Wimbledon have signed former Shrewsbury Town and Macclesfield Town striker Ryan Barnett on a short-term deal.
Riek Machar, the former vice-president of South Sudan, has said he will return to the conflict-hit world to try to restart the peace process.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed little changed on Tuesday, with shares in RBS, Barclays and Standard Chartered among the biggest fallers.
A man has died after being restrained by police officers who were called to assist with an incident in Dorset.
Richard Dawkins has said he is "delighted" by the results of the 2011 census, which found fewer people in Wales than the rest of the UK.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last surviving members of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died aged 94.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality, police say.
Wigan maintained their unbeaten start to the Super League season with a comfortable victory over struggling Leeds to move back to the top of the table.
It is said that the best way to change a man's mark is to put a new one on him.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in refugees from the Syrian refugee crisis, according to the Councils Councils Association of Scotland (Cosla).
Graeme Shinnie's late winner gave Aberdeen a narrow lead over Apollon Limassol in their Europa League qualifying play-off semi-final second leg.
Two Winnipeg police officers have been reprimanded after they were caught on camera having a profanity-laden conversation with residents.
A teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death after a row over a perceived slight to a friend.
Defending champion Andy Murray reached the fourth round of Wimbledon for the first time with a hard-fought win over Italy's Fabio Fognini on Centre Court.
A man suspected of trying to bomb the Borussia Dortmund football team's team bus in the German city of Dortmund was motivated by financial greed, investigators say.
The family of a man who died after being tackled by police have called for calm at a vigil in protest at his death.
Gillingham have appointed Paul Pennock as caretaker boss until a permanent successor to Paul Taylor has been appointed as the League One club's director of football.
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against 11 Muslim men accused of cheering for the Pakistan cricket team during the World Cup final.
The former Israeli defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing Islamic State (IS) militants to smuggle oil into the country via Turkey.
US officials have said they will not grant the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline an easement to cross a key water source in North Dakota.
An alpaca mauled by a dog in New Forest has died, its owners have said.
The family of a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack have been "devastated", the Prison Service has said.
A witness has told a court he was "shocked" by the colour of a man's face after he saw him being restrained outside a bar in Aberdeenshire.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim boss Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to prove his suitability for the permanent job.
Aberdeen's appeal against Jonny Hayes' red card in Sunday's 2-1 defeat by Celtic has been successful.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after using the term "hipsters" to describe a fire which gutted businesses in east London on Saturday.
A convicted killer and his accomplice have admitted attacking a man with an axe and knife at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans for a new stadium to be built on the site of their old ground.
South Wales Police are investigating after members of Britain First visited a mosque in Cardiff city centre.
Archaeologists in Mosul, Iraq, are using 3D technology to create 3D renderings of artefacts that were lost in the city's recent devastating earthquake.
More needs to be done to tackle the problem of alcohol abuse in sport, according to a new report.
Archaeologists are preparing for the excavation of one of the largest shipwrecks in the history of the Dutch East India Company.
West Ham's move from Upton Park to the Olympic Stadium will have a knock-on effect on the area's restaurants, pubs and street traders, according to BBC Radio London.
Shrien Dewani, the man accused of murdering his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK.
Thousands of terminally-ill people in England and Wales are missing out on vital end-of-life care, according to a report.
South Africa completed a stunning innings victory over England to complete a 2-0 series whitewash in South Africa.
Scientists in the US have produced the most detailed maps yet of the atmosphere around Jupiter.
Argentina's government has proposed tougher penalties for parents and students who attack teachers in an effort to improve the image of the profession.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he was robbed at knifepoint and dumped in a park in Hawaii after failing to make the cut at the Sony Open.
Aberdeen face a "a big test" in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Hibernian at Hampden, according to former Dons captain Barry Miller.
A former aide to Osama Bin Laden, who was freed from a US prison in Yemen in 2008, has died, officials say.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to leave their homes in southern Chile after the Calbuco volcano erupted again, officials say.
Republicans in North Carolina have elected an establishment candidate to challenge Democratic Senator Kay Hagan, who is seeking re-election in November.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college at the centre of a financial scandal, the BBC has learned.
Further cuts to North Wales Police's budget are "inevitable", the force's chief constable has warned.
Chechen Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram in which he says he will kill a prominent Russian opposition activist if he fails to raise money for the opposition in the European Parliament.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 2-2 draw by the Manchester Storm in Saturday's Elite League game at the SSE Arena.
The leaders of Chechnya's republic have vowed to "retribution" against a Russian paper, Novaya Gazeta, after it reported that at least three people had been killed for being gay in the republic.
Harrison Ford has confirmed he will return as Indiana Jones and Han Solo in future Star Wars films.
Pace bowler James Anderson has become England's all-time leading wicket-taker in one-day internationals.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 more branches across the UK.
UK drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy two HIV drugs from US rival Bristol-Myers Squibb for $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn).
A commemorative poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction in Conwy county.
The FA Cup qualifying rounds are in full swing, with teams hoping to secure their place in the knockout stages of the competition.
Robert Shatter, the Republic of Ireland's justice minister, has been caught up in a series of high-profile controversies in his short time in office.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Ndong has left the League Two club by mutual consent.
A gym has been criticised for putting up a poster featuring an image of "fat people" which it said would "aid bullying".
Breast tumours can be used to block the spread of cancer by damaging bone in the bone, a study suggests.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared by the Football Association of using racially abusive language towards referee Mark Clattenburg.
Valencia's hopes of reaching the Copa del Rey final were dented as they were held to a draw by Barcelona in the second leg of their semi-final second leg at Mestalla.
A Chinese TV series based on one of the country's most famous myths is set to be rebooted in Australia and New Zealand, in what is being seen as a "whitewashing" of the story.
Two cels from Walt Disney's first animated feature film have been sold at auction.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant by posting a mugshot of himself on social media.
Wladimir Klitschko's promoter Eddie Hearn says he is hopeful the former world heavyweight champion will agree to fight Britain's IBF champion Anthony Joshua.
A lollipop lady was blinded by the setting sun before she was hit by a car which failed to stop and knocked her down outside a Bedfordshire school, a court has heard.
Qatar must take "urgent action" to ensure the 2022 World Cup in Qatar does not become "built on forced labour and exploitation", Amnesty International (AI) says.
Google Street View has captured some of Scotland's most spectacular canals in 360 degree virtual reality footage.
Lenovo has removed adware that was pre-installed on new consumer models of its laptop computers to help users find the cheapest prices for products, the BBC has learned.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammy Awards for her album 1989.
Germany's economy grew by 1.9% in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash between a car and a van in Nottingham.
Four teenagers in Milan have been arrested on suspicion of carrying out a series of gunpoint robberies in the Italian capital in the style of A Clockwork Orange, police say.
A pilot has been killed in a Turkish military jet crash near the border with Syria, the Turkish military says.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the result of the presidential election in the Supreme Court.
Jodie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to record their first win of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign.
Playboy magazine has announced that it will no longer feature nudity in its latest issue.
Germany's Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a hard-fought victory over Irishman Matt Macklin at London's O2.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most flamboyant and controversial politicians.
The chief constable of Lancashire Police has warned the force could be reduced to "blue light" policing due to budget cuts.
Conservationists in Hong Kong have discovered 49 cases of critically endangered species becoming established as a separate population outside of their natural range.
Libya's defence minister has said he is resigning, but the prime minister's office has said his resignation was not formally accepted.
Venezuela's acting President, Nicolas Maduro, has said he will keep the room where he was born in the house where his late predecessor, President Hugo Chavez, slept.
EastEnders fans are getting ready for the big reveal of who killed Lucy Beale.
National League side Chesterfield have extended the loan deal of midfielder Mathias Gnanduillet from French side Ligue 1 side Lorient until January.
Leicester City are set to sign midfielder N'Golo Kante from French Ligue 1 side Lorient.
Stem cells from the liver could be used to help restore the organ's ability to regenerate, according to scientists in Edinburgh.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom says it will be able to fine mobile networks up to £20,000 a day if they fail to hit agreed service goals.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre.
At Mauthausen concentration camp in northern Germany, a ceremony to mark the 60th anniversary of the Nazi death sentence for Spaniards deported from Spain in World War Two has taken place.
Campaigners have accused a council of a "major administrative cock-up" after it failed to pay compensation following the deaths of dozens of sheep in 2012.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved three points clear at the top of Scottish League Two with victory over Queen's Park.
A retired musician has been reunited with his old bandmates after 25 years to play music together for the last time.
Modern humans interbred with Neanderthals for the first time in Europe and Asia, according to new research.
Leading Syrian opposition figures have held an unprecedented meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the country's future.
Spanish police used baton charges to disperse Leicester City fans who had gathered in a central square in central Madrid in the wake of Tuesday's derby win over Sevilla.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming the system" by putting children in for early entry to test GCSE results, a senior civil servant has said.
Two Wisconsin teenagers accused of trying to kill a girl in a plot to kill Slender Man have pleaded not guilty to attempted murder.
Nigeria's military says it has captured a woman believed to be one of the last of the Chibok schoolgirls still being held captive in the north-east of the country.
A man has died following an incident at a house in south London.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection for its US nuclear power plant unit, Westinghouse.
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential and influential groups of the 1970s, whose sound was a blend of funk, soul, jazz and R&B.
If you're a fan of The Great British Bake Off, you'll know that it's not just about the winners.
Geordie Shore star Nathan Gill has revealed he was nervous about going into the house for the new series of the reality show.
Trams are set to run in Birmingham for the first time since they were reintroduced to the city centre in December.
Red Bull say they will take it "one race at a time" as they try to keep up the pressure on title rivals Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
It's been a year since Nepal, in Central Asia, was hit by one of the world's largest earthquakes.
Celtic midfielder Abdulrahman Feruz has failed to appear in court in connection with a series of motoring offences.
US doctors say they believe North Korea's claim that botulism put a US student in a coma was probably caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain.
Alastair Cook made his first century since November 2013 as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis to set up the first Test against West Indies.
Welsh boxer Liam Evans retained his WBO European super-featherweight title with a 10-7 victory over England's Jamie Ormond at London's O2.
A protest has taken place outside the Welsh government building in Llandudno, Denbighshire, calling for more funding for the Welsh language.
The head of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in England and Wales, Paul Thompson, has told the Commons Public Accounts Committee that he would review the tax arrangements of footballers and their agents.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Aneurin Gurney says he is "excited" about the future despite the club's relegation from Division Two.
Mebyon Kernow will not stand in June's snap general election, it has announced.
Two women have been taken to hospital after trying to rescue cats from a house fire in Bournemouth.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have attended a memorial service for England and Wales rugby league player Chris Jones, who died after collapsing on the pitch.
The French Prime Minister, Manuel Valls, has announced a new aid package for young people protesting against labour market reforms.
The killing of MP Jo Cox by a gunman who attacked her in the grounds of the Houses of Parliament has led to shock and shock in Europe and the US.
More than £8.5m is to be made available for the rental housing market in Wales.
Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League in the second qualifying round as they were held to a goalless draw by Porto.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (Bafta).
Prince Charles urged Tony Blair to allow a cull of badgers to be reintroduced in England, it has emerged.
A man has died following a crash on the M1 motorway in County Armagh.
World chess champion Magnus Carlsen beat Russia's Sergey Karjakin in a "match of the century" to win the World Championship for the first time.
A former Lib Dem peer who resigned from the House of Lords in protest at the sacking of Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has given thousands of pounds to Labour and Green candidates.
A driver has been airlifted to hospital after his car was involved in a crash with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
A group of baby otters have been born at a zoo in California in the US state of California.
A deal by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) to buy timber from a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a disease has been criticised by the auditor general.
Alexandra Palace in central London is to be turned into a permanent home for the BBC's TV and film archive, the BBC has announced.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy to remain at McDiarmid Park despite interest from other clubs.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being "as abusive to women" as they clashed over lewd remarks about groping women.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated" by referee John Beaton's decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in the 3-1 defeat at Ibrox.
People have been warned not to gather shellfish from some of Argyll's lochs after high levels of toxins were found.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones following his departure from Oldham Athletic.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his ban for betting on football extended by the Football Association.
A son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of his father.
A Chinese man's decision to set up a retirement home for retired police dogs has been widely praised by social media users.
Two midwives at a hospital where a baby died in 2008 did not know their patient was unwell, a misconduct hearing has been told.
The waters around Wales are "perfect" for leatherback turtles after a sudden increase in sightings of the reptiles, conservationists have said.
More than 150 people were evacuated from an American Airlines plane that caught fire shortly after take-off from Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Sunday.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered his finance minister to create a plan of defence in the event of a national emergency.
Hundreds of London Underground ticket office jobs are to be cut as part of plans to close 250 stations and replace them with ticket machines.
A man has been charged following an alleged racist and religious attack on a woman in Buckinghamshire.
Johannes Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials dressage bonus after an impressive display in the dressage.
What would you write about if you sat down to write a horror novel?
The former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (Â£130,000) to a children's hospital in Rome after it emerged that he had been given the money to fund the renovation of his private residence.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy the Cat.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that the trial of two high school footballers accused of raping a 16-year-old girl will be held in public.
Voters in Nigeria go to the polls on Sunday to choose between Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan to be their next president.
Essex are aiming for the "holy grail" of winning the County Championship title in their first season back in Division One, says director of cricket Gary Silverwood.
In the aftermath of the EU referendum, there will be no shortage of questions for politicians to ask themselves.
A corn snake has been found in the back of a van in Newport.
Newport County's new manager John Sheridan saw his side come from behind to beat Exeter City and move off the bottom of the League Two table thanks to a late goal from Josh John-Lewis.
Exeter made it seven successive League Two wins with a thumping 4-0 victory over 10-man Crewe at St James' Park.
Polish director Jerzy Wajda, whose films included Man of Iron, Man of Marble, Generation and Powidoki, has died aged 91.
An advert for the Independent newspaper has been used to spread malware that encrypts documents and demands a ransom to unlock them, according to security experts.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's long jump in Rio.
Archaeologists have discovered a medieval fishing weir dating back 1,000 years after it was found on the Hampshire coast.
The old saying goes: "If you want to know what's going on in the Middle East, the best advice to give is: "Don't mess with America's generals."
A man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism, police have said.
A treasure hunter has said he is "proud" to have uncovered "something of major significance" during a treasure hunt in Norfolk.
An NHS trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog after it was told to improve its mental health services.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's FA Cup semi-final at Arsenal.
England opened their autumn internationals with an impressive bonus-point win over South Africa to move level on points with New Zealand at the top of the world rankings.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to ask for advice on how to help his dad find a job.
Campaigners fighting asbestos-related cancer have said they are seeing more people from other areas of employment who were exposed to the substance.
The mayor of Liverpool has set out plans to save £90m from the city's budget, which he says will lead to job losses and an increase in council tax.
Liverpool fans are to be asked whether they are in favour of safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who repeatedly headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Kurtis Rowe's late goal was enough to give Doncaster a 1-0 win over Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals.
Emmanuel Macron, the centrist candidate in France's presidential election, says he has agreed to work with a far-right candidate in the second round of the run-off.
British actress Karen Gillan has been cast as the lead in the new Jumanji film.
Great Britain's Hannah Toulson has won gold in the women's Olympic diving team event ahead of the World Championships.
A man who admitted possessing and sharing child pornography images of children has avoided a jail term.
An exhibition to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme has opened in Powys.
Police in the US state of Ohio have released a selfie of a man wanted on a warrant for failing to appear in court after receiving a tip-off from the public.
Belgium has identified the man who attacked two policewomen with a machete in the latest in a series of attacks by suspected jihadists in the country.
UBS has been formally placed under investigation in France as part of an investigation into possible money laundering and tax evasion, officials say.
Renting in London is becoming "increasingly unaffordable" for families, according to a report by the charity Shelter.
The number of vacant children's social workers in England is at its highest level since records began, figures show.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp fall in sales for the three months to the end of June.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) says it will no longer seek to patent its drugs in the world's poorest countries.
A County Antrim hospital trust has agreed a £5.3m settlement with the parents of a baby girl who was born with severe disabilities after an emergency Caesarean birth.
Two of the stars of CBBC's hit quiz show Have I Got News For You are to present a new radio show on BBC Radio 4.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of teaching in schools in the North and Midlands of England, Ofsted says.
A review into the handling of postal votes at polling stations in London boroughs has found no evidence of fraud, the BBC has been told.
Actor and rapper Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be a part of the Academy Awards ceremony, calling it "the stupidest thing in the whole world".
A man has admitted killing a father-of-two by fatally punching him in the head outside a pub in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's focus has dropped since their FA Cup semi-final disappointment.
Great Britain won gold in the men's 4x200m freestyle relay at the World Championships in Russia.
A mechanic has been sacked after footage of his "appalling" driving was secretly filmed by a car's dashboard camera.
At least four people have been killed in an attack on a military base in China's restive Xinjiang region, security officials say.
Barclays has reported a sharp fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle US mortgage bond and foreign exchange claims.
The stars of the new animated film Minions have taken to the red carpet in Los Angeles for the world premiere of the film.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor, Barack Obama, is partly to blame for protests at Republican town hall meetings.
Only a quarter of staff at Queen's University in Belfast have a positive view of the way senior leaders at the university manage change, according to a new survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a safe containing a "significant amount" of cash from a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisons in England and Wales are failing to recognise the impact of mental health problems on inmates and staff, according to a report.
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams says Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new contract with Ospreys will help attract new players to the region.
All photographs courtesy of Getty Images, BBC News and Getty Images.
The Killers singer Brandon Flowers talks to the BBC about his new album, The Desired Effect, and how producer Ariel Rechtshaid nearly got fired.
A teenager who died from leukaemia has been married to his fiancee in a hospital ceremony to mark the end of his fight against the disease.
A leading Australian politician has called for the introduction of a four-day week in a bid to reduce the number of people working excessive hours.
Great Britain's Olympic champion Jack Burnell has described the yellow card system as a "joke" after being disqualified from the men's 100m freestyle final.
Glamorgan director of cricket Jacques Rudolph says senior players need to "stand up" for the team following their heavy defeat by Worcestershire.
US carmaker Ford has reported a sharp rise in first quarter profits, helped by strong growth in North America and Europe.
A drug addict accused of murdering a police officer has told a court that he had no intention of harming the officer.
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned from the club's board following the takeover of the club by Massimo Cellino's GFH group.
A Dumfries and Galloway council has said it has been "forced into a corner" by budget cuts which are likely to leave it short of £580,000 for the next financial year.
Spain's acting PM has been defeated in a parliamentary vote of no confidence after failing to win an absolute majority in a bid to form a new government.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for their experience after their heavy Six Nations defeat by New Zealand.
Two ambulance crew have escaped uninjured after their vehicle crashed with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Poland's Prime Minister Robert Pohorecki says he is proud of his country's ability to host the Euro 2012 football tournament despite the country's poor start to the tournament.
Alex Salmond has been criticised for missing First Minister's Questions to unveil a portrait of himself at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery.
Extending the Borders Railway is the only way to maximise the region's economic potential, according to a new report.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision by Transport Scotland to look at the feasibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
Older people are getting more and more used to technology that is designed specifically for them, but how do we make it easier for them to get on with it?
A ferry has run aground on the Isle of Man after crashing into a pier in high winds.
Shane Meadows is returning to Channel 4 for a sequel to his award-winning film This is England '86.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said it is right to review the operation of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns lost his IBF featherweight title to Namibia's Julius Indongo on the scorecards after the Namibian dominated his Scottish opponent at the Hydro in Glasgow.
In the shadow of the Mourne mountains in County Down, a group of refugees and asylum seekers from conflict-hit countries are using their skills as stonemasons to help protect the landscape.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fatal fire in Fraserburgh in May last year.
Police investigating an attempted abduction of a serviceman near an RAF base in Norfolk have said they are looking for a man they believe may be one of the suspects.
North Korea has test-fired a new type of ballistic missile, South Korea's Yonhap news agency says.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have called for "greater transparency" over the Scottish government's budget plans.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has begun testing a new system that will allow it to send real-time images of the Earth's surface back to Earth.
Catalans Dragons' poor start to the Super League season continued as they were thrashed by Hull FC at Stade Gilbert Brutus.
Controversial plans to build new homes on protected greenbelt land in Greater Manchester will not be published until next year, the BBC understands.
Soldiers issued with new body armour in Afghanistan say they are struggling to get back on their feet when they go to ground wearing it.
Rangers have signed former Stoke City striker Ryan Gordon on loan from National League side Stafford United.
A children's Christmas entertainment troupe has said they may not return to a town where they were attacked by a gang of youths who claimed they were not real elves.
A protest march by ex-servicemen and women calling for an independent inquiry into Bloody Sunday killings has been rescheduled.
Former England defender Paul Le Saux has called on football to "face the demons" that led to rumours that he was gay.
Archaeologists have uncovered what is believed to be the remains of an Iron Age town in Dorset.
A charity has said it has been "overwhelmed" by the demand for help to help deaf and hard of hearing people looking for work.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he wants to make changes to his squad, but sources say he is prepared to listen to offers from other clubs.
SNP tax plans could raise up to £1.2bn in additional revenue if the party wins May's Holyrood election, according to new research.
The former chief executive of Fujifilm Holdings, Shigeru Kikukawa, has pleaded guilty in a Japanese court to hiding huge losses in the company's accounting scandal.
Three journalists convicted of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt have been told their retrial will be delayed until 29 August.
A teenager stabbed to death in a "cowardly" knife attack in east London has been named by police.
Saracens lock Alex Kruis has been named in England's training squad for the first time since being cited for a dangerous tackle in Saturday's win over Fiji.
More than 100 people have died in Burkina Faso after contracting Dengue fever, the World Health Organization says.
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a grant by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greek midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis on a long-term deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in an air strike by the US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State in eastern Syria, activists say.
A County Armagh teacher has been recognised as a BBC Music Day Unsung Hero for her work with students with learning disabilities.
A hospital that is struggling to recruit enough nurses to keep a ward open at night because of a shortage of qualified staff has launched a major recruitment campaign.
Two Israelis have been killed in a car-ramming attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Conor McGregor says Floyd Mayweather has "no idea" what it will take to beat him in their Las Vegas boxing match on 26 August.
David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his family's tax affairs has been widely criticised.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to switch on a church's floodlights after they were installed following a Â£2,000 donation.
Seven Iranians have been charged in the US with hacking into US banks, energy companies and other companies to steal trade secrets, US officials say.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage forward Josh Roberts from West Bromwich Albion on loan until January.
Swansea University has announced plans to revamp one of its most famous buildings.
Small firms in England and Wales have taken advantage of a new system to automatically enrol their staff into a pension.
A man who admitted starting a fire at a seaside resort in Devon has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Ryan Burns on loan from Championship side Swindon Town until January.
President Dilma Rousseff has said Brazil's preparations for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro will be a "historic moment" for the country.
At least 10 people have been killed in a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan, officials say.
The life of one of Scotland's best-known detectives, who led the hunt for Jack the Ripper and the Earl of Crawford, has been revealed.
Two nurses who falsified patient records to make it look as if they were caring for seriously ill patients, a court has heard.
A federal judge in Brazil has lifted a temporary ban on the building of a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon region.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" by the decline in the number of nesting little terns in east Norfolk.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales since the animals were relocated to Ceredigion.
A British woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has returned to Scotland.
The mascot for the Pensions Regulator is to be used to highlight the need for people to be offered a workplace pension.
A man accused of murdering a children's author told police he wanted to jump off a cliff, a court has heard.
The Royal Opera House in central London had to be evacuated after a fire alarm went off during a performance of a Donizetti opera.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who died while working at a motorbike race in the Republic of Ireland.
Brendan Foley had a saying that he would pass on to his sons.
Ofcom has released an app to help people check if their home wi-fi is running as fast as it could be.
Graeme McDowell's hopes of winning his first European Tour title were ended as he carded a three-over-par 71 at the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Surgeons in south Wales are using 3D printing to try to create new body parts using human cells.
The Pacific islands of Palau, off the western Pacific coast of the Marshall Islands, are home to some of the world's most spectacular natural beauty.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a 1-1 draw by AC Milan at Stadio San Siro.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added five songwriters to the credits for their hit Uptown Funk, following the Blurred Lines court case.
China will never close its "open door" to the rest of the world, President Xi Jinping has said.
An MP has been accused of hypocrisy after opening a Coca-Cola shop in Leicester with a shop selling high-sugar drinks to children.
The Met Police unit that failed to investigate a father accused of raping his children has been criticised by the police watchdog for "failing to believe victims of rape".
A British man found dead in Myanmar has been named by the Foreign Office as a 47-year-old British national.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the conflict between Israel and militants in the Gaza Strip, the United Nations says.
Great Britain's medal haul at the London 2012 Olympics was the best in the country's history.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Northern Ireland has been delayed until the end of 2017.
A man has died and another is in a critical condition after a double stabbing in Birmingham.
If you're looking forward to the start of the General Election campaign, I'd say you're in luck - there's good news for you.
A new tariff aimed at helping people who struggle to pay their water bills could save them money on their bills, a water company has said.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is set to give an update on the fitness of Joleon Lescott.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a short-term deal.
Archbishop George Martin has called for an apology from the Catholic Church over the discovery of human remains at a former mother-and-baby home.
A man accused of being part of the Hatton Garden jewellery raid offered to hand over a smaller stash of gold and gems to police, a court has heard.
Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of fat clogging up drains during the festive period.
Valve, the company behind the Steam video game service, is changing the way it encourages developers to get their games on the service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the US and UK governments, state media report.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford denied an allegation that he indecently assaulted a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India's Arunachal Pradesh state.
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather traded insults as they took to the stage to promote their Las Vegas superfight.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Jason Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's bobsled team for the World Championships in Calgary, Canada in February.
Two men who died in a paint-spraying booth explosion were working in booths bought from an RAF base, an inquest has heard.
A cottage in the Cotswolds that inspired author John Fowles to write his novel The French Lieutenant's Woman is to be opened to the public.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest Liverpool player to score in an EFL Cup quarter-final as his side beat the Reds to set up a semi-final against Championship side Leeds United.
West Ham United have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to make public details of their deal to rent London's Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has said the persecution of Christians around the world is "beyond all belief".
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to introduce a new funding formula for England's schools.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, said in his Budget speech on Wednesday that he wanted to raise as much money as he could from the tax system as possible.
The first thing that struck me when I sat down with Henry Blofeld to talk to him about his contribution to Test Match Specials (TMS) was the warmth and generosity of spirit he had towards me.
Real Madrid moved back into the top four of Spain's La Liga with a comfortable 3-0 win over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's southern Sindh province has become the first in the country to allow Hindus to register their marriages.
Harlequins have signed fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from French side Toulon.
About 3,000 people have been told to leave their homes near a volcano in Guatemala's western Pacaya National Park, officials say.
Scientists have developed a test that can tell how well you are ageing, based on the activity of your genes.
A woman from Conwy county has said her mobile phone "probably saved her life" after it was damaged in the Manchester bomb attack.
The Turkish military has denied that it was responsible for an air strike on a building in the besieged Syrian town of al-Bab in which 11 Turkish soldiers were killed on Thursday.
A plan to reorganise women's and children's hospitals in Merseyside and Cheshire has been criticised as "completely lacking in transparency and accountability".
Five people have been rescued by lifeboat after two vessels ran aground in Dartmoor harbour.
A woman's body has been found following a fire at a house in the Isle of Lewis.
Passengers who were stuck on a South West Trains train for more than four hours had to get off and walk across the tracks after signalling problems.
Four former soldiers have been jailed for their part in a plot to smuggle guns, ammunition and drugs into the UK through the Channel Tunnel.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man after accusing him of being a witch.
In the world of cyber-security, it is easy to forget that small businesses are a threat to criminals.
Retired BHS workers in Wales could see their pension benefits cut if the retailer's parent company, Hoover Candy, sells its pension scheme to the Pension Protection Fund (PPF).
A man has died following an incident in Dublin city centre in the Republic of Ireland.
A woman has died and a 95-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital following a head-on crash in Aberdeenshire.
In the aftermath of the EU referendum result, the prime minister, Theresa May, spoke of the need for a "seamless approach" to the Irish border after Brexit.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it is in the interests of the UK and Europe to get a good deal for Wales in the Brexit negotiations.
Scientists in the US say they have created a 3D-printed form of cartilage that can be implanted in the body to replace damaged cartilage.
A businessman has bought Cleethorpes Pier after it was put back on the market following a failed attempt to sell it.
"On a Friday night I went to work at Greener Dreyfus, one of the oldest and best known of the City of London's stock exchanges, to meet up with old friends, the "jobbers", as they were known, for lunch.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed midfielder Ben Bobson following his release by League Two side Crawley Town.
Thousands of rowers have taken part in the return of the University Boat Race in Newcastle.
The UK says it will be "man-marking" a Russian aircraft carrier and other Russian warships heading for the Mediterranean as they head towards the UK.
All photographs courtesy Dronestagram.
West Ham United have signed striker Enoch Emenike from Turkish side Fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee.
Thieves who used a dumper truck to smash through the doors of a bank and steal a cash machine are being sought by police.
Defending champions England will face Scotland in the first round of the World Grand Prix in China on Saturday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a head-on crash in Aberdeenshire has said she is "absolutely heartbroken".
Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
The bodies of one of the co-pilot of the Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps on Tuesday have been found, prosecutors say.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of US evangelist James Anderson after he appeared on a local radio show criticising homosexuality.
Scarlets will not rush Liam Williams' return from injury in Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre to see if he is close to signing a new contract with the Welsh region.
When former Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Campbell steps onto the pitch at Maidenhead Town Football Club, it is hard to recognise him as a professional footballer.
MSPs have backed plans to merge cross-border railway policing into Police Scotland.
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has given the go-ahead for the Stormont Executive to borrow £700m to pay off up to 20,000 civil servants.
Midfielder Jim O'Brien has returned to Ross County on a permanent deal following a spell on loan last season.
When Maria Sharapova said she did not know who David Beckham and Sachin Tendulkar were watching her on the terraces at Wimbledon, Indians took to social media to ask her who they were.
Police are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse at a former children's home.
The name of the National Assembly for Wales should be changed to the Welsh Parliament, a senior Labour AM is to say.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described the last meeting of David Cameron's cabinet as "emotional".
Plans for a new creative industries hub for S4C in Carmarthenshire could be rejected by the Welsh Government.
A new breed of honey bee has been found to be more resistant to a deadly mite, according to Paignton Zoo.
An offer to settle a long-running legal row over plans for a new mosque in Dudley has been made to the council.
French police have arrested several people in connection with the robbery of US reality TV star Kim Kardashian West, including her chauffeur, night-watchman and two witnesses to the crime.
In the aftermath of Muhammad Ali's death at the weekend, the eulogies have come thick and fast from all corners of the world and all spheres of society.
Bath director of rugby Steve Smith was once one of the most highly-rated rugby league players in British and Irish rugby union history.
The father of two Australian children who were allegedly abducted in Lebanon has said he will not drop charges against the mother involved in the so-called "child recovery" operation.
A new method for finding cancer cells using computers has been developed by University of Wrexham researchers.
Newport Gwent Dragons have re-signed former Leinster back-row forward Chris Harris-Wright on a short-term deal.
A taxi driver has been jailed for five years for causing the deaths of two people in a crash in which he failed to brake for them.
Surveyors have reported a sharp rise in the number of new enquiries to buy and sell properties in England and Wales last month.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to tackle corruption and tackle the country's huge debts, in his first visit to the states since taking office.
Wales Sevens player James Davies has apologised for using "foul or abusive language" to a referee during Scarlets' European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon on Sunday.
Children's author Helen Bailey may have been murdered by a third party, a court has been told.
England's Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 3m springboard at the World Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Work to demolish and build new homes in County Tyrone is due to start in March.
David Bowie has died aged 69 after an "18-month battle with cancer", his family has announced.
Olam International, one of the world's largest exporters of palm oil, has been accused of contributing to the annual haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
A Scottish politician has been accused of giving a "propaganda gift" to China's Communist Party after being caught on camera apparently praising the country's economic policies at a conference in Lhasa.
An endangered species of shark has been found on a beach in Pembrokeshire.
Scientists have proposed a new explanation for why global temperatures have been slowing down since the year 2000.
Deadline day gives agents and clubs extra ammunition when it comes to trying to negotiate the best possible deal for their players.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family forced to leave their homes after a landslip damaged their property.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late winner as Arsenal moved back into the Premier League title race with victory over 10-man Hull at Emirates Stadium.
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove accounts belonging to convicted child sex offenders after a BBC investigation found they were still posting on the social network.
Aaron Ramsey scored a late winner as Arsenal secured their place in next season's Europa League with victory at Norwich, who were relegated from the Premier League.
Derbyshire have appointed Graham Barnett as their new director of cricket.
Australia captain Steve Smith says it would be a mistake to pick England opener Keaton Jennings for the Ashes series against the West Indies.
Regulators investigating the collapse of HBOS have said they are looking at whether to take action against former bank executives.
A hospital cleaner has been suspended after posting his name on Facebook while a woman was being treated in hospital.
At least 18 people have been killed in clashes between the army and Islamist militants in Marawi, officials say.
The RMT union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment" over a social media appeal to rail passengers in a row with the RMT.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract an aeroplane during its approach to Edinburgh Airport.
A man who was jailed for raping a woman in Cardiff city centre has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have extended the contracts of all-rounder Shiv Thakor and wicketkeeper-batsman Ryan Godleman.
Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was stabbed to death in an apparent hate crime following the Brexit vote.
Australian expats living in the UK are getting ready to vote in the EU referendum on 23 June.
A coach at an athletics club has said he is "extremely disappointed" after it was told it could not train in Windsor Great Park.
Jess Glynne has announced plans to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Ben Eden scored four tries as Castleford continued their impressive start to the Super League season with a bonus-point win over Leigh Centurions.
The number of plastic carrier bags used in England has gone up by 200 million since 2013, according to new figures.
The National Guard has been deployed in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, in the wake of the fatal shooting of a black man by police.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Belfast for the city's annual Pride celebrations.
The UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague has opened its first hearing in Lebanon, where five men are accused of killing former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in 2005.
Boris Johnson has been one of the most high-profile figures in the UK's EU referendum debate so far, but who is he and what do we know about him?
Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius will have to wait to find out whether he will be released early from prison in South Africa.
A teenager who broke his spine trying to get away from bullies has told Newsbeat he's "lucky to have survived and carry on with life".
South Sudanese musicians have called on the warring sides in the conflict-torn country to stop fighting each other and forgive each other.
The director of Kiss of the Spider Woman, which was nominated for an Academy Award for best picture at the 1987 Oscars, Pedro Almodovar Babenco, has died.
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have built ten generations of "baby robots" that can build themselves.
Two charity shops have been given bags of clothes donated by singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran to raise money for children's hospices.
A Tanzanian politician has defended his decision to order three men he accused of being gay to report them to the police for spreading "gay propaganda" on social media.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge slipped to the bottom of the National League with a 3-2 defeat at Mansfield.
Eight people have been arrested following disturbances at a football match in Northamptonshire.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by setting fire to her after falsely accusing her of murdering their father and uncle.
Two men have been arrested following the death of a man in a hit-and-run crash in Rotherham.
Newport County striker Ryan Washington says he has been "lucky" to make his Northern Ireland debut for the first time after scoring two goals in the 2-0 win over Slovenia.
A Grade II-listed Tudor mansion has reopened to the public after a £1.6m revamp.
A British couple have become the first married couple to win the World Para-marathon Championships in the Czech Republic.
The United Nations has signed a new treaty aimed at curbing the global arms trade.
Thousands of people will be able to take part in this weekend's Great Manchester Run and athletics' Great CityGames, which have been given the go-ahead following the bomb attack in the city.
A teenager has been killed in a crash between two motorbikes.
Essex bowler Jermaine Harmer says he has to "ride the wave" after taking four five-wicket matches in a row for the first time this season.
An inquiry has been launched to consider whether prisoners who gain skills to help them get jobs after completing their sentences should be granted early release.
Dilma Rousseff's ousting as Brazil's president is the latest in a series of dramatic events in Latin America in which the military has been accused of trying to overthrow a democratically elected leader.
A team of Dutch students are working on a new type of electric bus that runs entirely on formic acid, a substance found in ants and other insects.
A jockey who was a "sleep walker" has been banned from driving for life after being found guilty of drink driving.
A derelict building in Swansea city centre is set to be demolished to make way for a new civic centre and central library.
A dog with a docked tail has been found dumped by the side of the road in Kent after having its claws forcibly removed.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre on Saturday night.
Sale Sharks prop Vadim Cobilas has signed for French side Bordeaux-Begles.
Dundee United have completed the signing of former Hibernian forward Ryan Keatings on a two-year deal.
Mortgage activity in the UK's housing market continued to pick up in July, helped by a surge in the number of people remortgaging their properties.
The father and father of murdered woman Shahid Shahid have been remanded in custody in Pakistan on suspicion of her murder.
Chinese search engine Baidu has unveiled an artificial intelligence (AI) that can be controlled via voice commands.
HGV drivers have been caught using their mobile phones while driving, police have said.
British number three Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open in Belgium with a straight-set win over American qualifier Sam Querrey.
Former Nigerian defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in a court in connection with a major arms fraud scandal, the country's anti-corruption agency says.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who went missing after setting off to take them to nursery.
Christian Pulisic scored a late winner as Borussia Dortmund came from 2-0 down to draw with Ingolstadt.
Voters in Cheshire are going to the polls to choose MPs to represent their constituencies in the General Election.
Scotland forward Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of facing the best teams in the world at the Hockey World League semi-final in London on Saturday.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take'superman' ecstasy pills after three men died from suspected drug overdoses.
Former Nokia chief executive Peter Hart and economist Peter Holmstrom have won the Nobel prize for economics for their work on executive pay.
More than 1.3m (3ft) of snow has fallen in parts of southern Italy, causing widespread power cuts and disrupting travel, officials say.
The American Society of Gene-Researchers (ASG) has announced details of a multi-million dollar research programme to improve the ability to develop new treatments for serious diseases.
New Saints have announced plans to replace a pavilion at Franklin's Gardens with a new stand to increase the club's capacity at the ground.
Two children from Wrexham in north Wales have been helping their family during lambing season.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a disturbance at a nightclub in Glasgow city centre.
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a ship immortalised in the Ealing comedy Whisky Galore have been sold at auction.
A police force has apologised after a "sexually offensive" sandcastle depicting a murder victim was unveiled at a beach event.
Following the UK's decision to leave the European Union, commentators in the Baltic states have been reacting to the result of the referendum.
Talks to sell the Silverstone Circuit have been put on hold following the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Two World War Two glider pilots have been commemorated at Gloucester's Jet Age Museum to mark the 70th anniversary of the Battle of the Rhine.
Rio Tinto has raised its minimum target for shareholders to accept its takeover offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale Group.
A leading opposition figure in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called on the government to suspend a referendum on whether to allow the president to seek a third term.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
An Olympic gold medal-winning cyclist who was killed in a crash has been named by police.
A terminally ill terminally-ill boy who became an unlikely Sunderland FC mascot has been told he will lose his fight against cancer.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman Automotive, which makes products that help cars communicate with each other via the internet.
BBC Sport outlines all the results from Saturday's EFL Cup, Scottish League Cup and Scottish Cup quarter-final matches.
Peterborough United have signed striker Josh Lloyd from non-league side Northampton Town for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to redevelop the site of a former music and entertainment complex in Cornwall have been approved by the Environment Agency.
A man accused of killing an Indian man and wounding two others in a deadly shooting in the US state of Kansas has confessed to the attack, police say.
Hundreds of people have paid tribute to entertainer Keith Harris at his funeral in his home town of Blackpool, Lancashire.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick as Gloucester moved into the Premiership's top six with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
Google has been ordered by a court in the Netherlands to hand over details of people who posted fake reviews of a nursery in the country on its Google+ social network.
Non-league Solihull Moors will play Oxford United in the FA Cup third round.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious groups that operate as tax-exempt organisations.
A woman has said she was "incensed" and "angry" after footage emerged of a far-right extremist shouting racist abuse at her and her daughter.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a father-of-two who was stabbed to death at a Dorset holiday park.
Defender Ben Ridgewell led the Portland Timbers to a 2-1 win over Columbus Crew to win the Major League Soccer Cup.
The parents of three people who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is "looking with interest" a South Korean minister's suggestion that North Korea could co-host the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.
CCTV footage has been released of the moment a gunman opened fire on Turkish journalist Cemil Dundar outside his home in Istanbul.
Carmarthenshire council has said buying the Guildhall in Carmarthen to "ensure a secure future" for the city's law courts.
Aung San Suu Kyi has said it is "particularly pleasing" to see the Brighton Festival, which aims to mark the first anniversary of her release from house arrest in Burma.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he's "very proud" of the work he's done for the NHS, but it's time for him to move on.
The US Senate has voted against a UN treaty aimed at protecting the rights of disabled people around the world.
The High Court ruling that MPs should be given a vote on when to start the formal process of leaving the European Union is "there to frustrate" the government, UKIP's deputy leader has said.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to break the world record for the largest ever national read-a-long book.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season at the Japanese MotoGP to extend his lead at the top of the standings to 18 points.
Author JK Rowling has defended her decision to block abusive Twitter users who called her a "traitor" for her political views.
A coroner's report into the death of prominent Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has said he died as a result of shock, according to state media.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status to mark the centenary of the start of the conflict.
A man accused of two counts of attempted murder has been refused bail at Belfast Magistrates' Court.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff courts has improved following the closure of 17 courts, according to a report.
A new horse has joined the ranks of Scotland's mounted police horses after it was named after an island in the Western Isles.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a supermarket in Fife.
MTV has announced the nominees for this year's European Music Awards (EMA) in Glasgow.
At least six people have been killed in shelling by pro-Russian rebels in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on the first day of the school year, officials say.
An Irish court has adjourned the trial of a Dublin teenager who is on trial in Egypt for taking refuge in a mosque during a siege.
A group of farmers have met to discuss the Renewable Heating Incentive Scheme (RHI) scandal.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that EU students studying in Northern Ireland could withdraw their applications after the UK leaves the European Union.
Hull City have completed the signing of striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club-record £8m and completed the double signing of Newcastle's Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's first birthday has been chosen by Londoners as the date to celebrate the capital's history.
A new baby wombat has been born at a nature reserve in Australia, bringing the number of the animals there to 251.
England coach Steve McNamara says he is in no rush to decide whether he will remain after his side's series win over New Zealand.
A man who was convicted of murdering an Irish woman in Melbourne, Australia, has been found guilty of three more rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will attend a memorial service for the late Princess Diana, Kensington Palace has announced.
The UK government's £24.3bn deal to sell ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank is a "disastrous deal" for the UK economy, the firm's chairman Lord Myners has said.
Singer-songwriter Ray BLK has been named on Radio 1's Sound of 2017 list, which celebrates the year's best new acts.
A wildlife park in Canada has been charged with failing to provide adequate care for a peacock and guinea hens.
Hibernian secured their place in the Scottish Women's Cup quarter-finals with a 2-0 win over Queen's Park.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei godi i'r categori terfysgol ym Manceinion nos Lun.
The owner of a Sky Tour operator in the Black Country has said it was "impossible" to sustain the business after it collapsed.
The captain of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia, which capsized in 2013 killing 32 people, is appealing against his conviction.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been quizzed on Scotland's future relationship with the EU, independence and climate change.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle a drug that has helped fuel the conflict in Syria, the National National News Agency (NNA) says.
Mexican drug lord, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, is set to be extradited to the United States to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the earliest evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's Premier League game.
The fossilised remains of a new species of Stegosaurus have been discovered by scientists in Australia.
Sunderland and England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a child.
The new operator of South Western rail services has been accused of failing to commit to keeping a second member of staff on board its trains.
Australia and South America were connected to Antarctica by land bridges 100 million years ago, according to new research.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire, but no-one was hurt.
The head of one of the world's biggest banks has told the BBC he is prepared to move jobs out of London after the UK leaves the European Union.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say rioting has broken out in the city of Srinagar after a Hindu temple was attacked.
A legal challenge against former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael over claims he misled voters during the general election campaign has been referred to the Court of Session in Edinburgh.
Braille paving designed to spell out a poem in Braille has been described as "gobbledygook" by a teacher who said it was "meaningless".
Lewis Hamilton says Mercedes need to improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the world title.
The release date for the PC version of Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed.
Bolton Wanderers have signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and defender Harry Maguire.
NHS staff in England have agreed to stop referring patients for "gay conversion therapy", Newsbeat has learned.
The owner of the Krebs On Security website says he has foiled a plot to kill his wife by tricking police into responding to a bogus 911 call.
A hospital trust has been put back into special measures after it was placed in special measures over concerns about patient safety.
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped to boost UK food and drink exports, according to the Food and Drink Exporters Federation (FDF).
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says her karate black belt was a "kind gift" from her teacher at Bearsden Academy in Glasgow to thank him for inspiring her to take up sport.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after being rescued from a mass stranding in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner told police she "fell" with a knife in her hand, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Nathan Emmanuel-Thomas following his release by Championship side Queens Park Rangers.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has led to questions being asked about the use of one of the scheme's controversial boilers.
Tyrrell Hatton said he was "really happy" with his second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan says the second Test against Pakistan was the best four days of cricket he has seen since returning to Old Trafford.
Kilmarnock have re-signed defender Jamie Hamill following his departure from Hearts.
Lindsey Vonn won her first World Cup downhill race since returning from injury to become the most successful female downhill skier of all time.
The prime minister and the European Union are making concessions to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in their bid to persuade Turkey to join the EU, Leave campaigner Michael Gove has said.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wanted to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen says it is working to determine how many new cars sold in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands were fitted with software that allowed them to cheat emissions tests.
Polling stations have opened in Nigeria's key state elections, which are being held on Saturday.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned from all football activity by Uefa for the rest of the season.
Northern Ireland's A&E departments are still struggling to cope with the pressure of winter pressures.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle boss Alan Archibald are among the nominees for the PFA Scotland manager of the season award.
The first woman to be ordained as a priest in the Church in Wales has spoken of the "frustrations" she felt as the result of a vote to allow women to become bishops was announced.
Former paramilitaries who were seriously injured during the Troubles should not be entitled to a special pension for their injuries, according to one of their former soldiers.
A white supremacist who shot dead two Jewish people and wounded three others outside Jewish community centres has been sentenced to death.
Norwich City have completed the signing of Wigan Athletic midfielder Nicklas Wildschut and Dutch midfielder Marvin Dijks.
The Duke of Cambridge's search and rescue duties at RAF Valley on Anglesey have ended, the BBC understands.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South knocked out Alloa Athletic to set up a Scottish Cup semi-final against Livingston or Ayr United.
An inquest into the death of a man who died after being restrained by members of the public has been opened and adjourned at Mold Crown Court.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering four people who were found dead in the home of a prominent Washington DC businessman and their housekeeper.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the release of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
The body of a man has been found on a beach in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has said he takes allegations of abuse at an offshore detention centre for asylum seekers "very seriously".
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director and teachers of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
If you've ever had a bad experience staying in a hotel, you'll know that there are few things worse than having to share a room with someone else who paid more for it.
Celtic midfielder Cesc Fabregas, Chelsea's Pedro and Real Madrid's Iker Casillas have been named in Spain's first squad under new manager Julen Lopetegui.
Jagmohan Mukherjee is favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for his novel How To Be Both, which has been shortlisted for the prestigious award for fiction.
Thousands of people have been celebrating the start of the Tomatina Festival in the small Italian town of Tuscany, Italy.
A shark has been rescued from the sea off the Pembrokeshire coast after it was spotted by a team of anglers.
Footage of a gorilla "dancing" in the park has gone viral after it was captured by a wildlife photographer.
In my experience as a journalist covering sport and security at major sporting events, there has rarely been a situation where we felt unsafe.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of rising demand and a lack of available staff, a union has warned.
A recording of England's 1966 World Cup anthem has been released to mark the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War.
Printers made by some of the world's best-known manufacturers have been hacked by a hacker who hijacked them to hijack the computers on which they were running.
A teenager has been charged after a man was stabbed in Aberdeen city centre.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a comfortable 3-0 win at Wrexham.
The prime minister's refusal to take part in TV debates before the general election is an attempt to "put the genie back in the bottle", Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said.
The demolition of the "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais, in northern France, has now been completed.
Egypt's new president, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, has said defeating Islamist militants will be his top priority in his first 100 days in office.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw at Barnsley as the Blues boss ended his reign with a draw.
The Open University (OU) is using data analytics to assess the likelihood that a student will not submit their next assignment.
Women's Super League One side Plymouth Argyle earned a hard-fought win over Birmingham City to move out of the relegation play-off spot.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has risen sharply since the start of the year, according to new figures.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League (BBL) after saying on live television that he would like to "have a drink" with a female reporter.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's international airport after he was found with a stash of cocaine hidden inside pairs of trainers.
Nato and the Afghan government have agreed a plan to withdraw US special forces from the key district of Wardak in eastern Afghanistan, the US military says.
Universities in Wales must "recapture a civic mission" after the country voted to leave the EU, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's leading milk producing nations.
Organisers of the Doonhamers music festival have cancelled all tickets for the event in Dumfries and Galloway.
Ben Ainslie said it was a "huge privilege" to be involved in what he described as "one of the most amazing comebacks in sailing history" as Oracle Team USA beat Team New Zealand to win the America's Cup.
Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City the "best team in the UK" since taking charge at Etihad Stadium, says Swansea City defender Angel Rangel.
Laura Massaro and Natalie Perry will face each other in Sunday's British Open final after both players won semi-final victories at the British Open.
Nine former employees of Londonderry-based Ilex are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Visitors to Inverness Royal Infirmary have been asked to limit themselves to two visits a day after tests confirmed the presence of norovirus.
An appeal has been launched to track down the families of children who were photographed by a photographer to mark 50 years of fighting homelessness in the UK.
Two men have been charged over the death of a teenager who was killed in a car crash.
A ferry that crashed into a quayside after taking on a test run has returned to service.
A former hotel manager who killed a cat in a "premeditated, pre-planned" killing has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A strike by ferry workers in Calais over the sale of Eurotunnel ferries to Dutch firm DFDS has caused major disruption to cross-Channel transport.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) has confirmed it is investigating claims that Team Sky continued to inject their riders with banned substances despite a ban on the practice.
A man has been found not guilty of stealing a cat from a Kent house.
David Beckham's accent is becoming more like an "English accent" after his move to the US, according to University of Manchester research.
Former Wales fly-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that Stade Francais and Racing 92 are set to merge.
A new range of emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England has been approved by the UK's computer code authority.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after the result of the Scottish independence referendum was announced, with shares in Lloyds Banking Group and RBS leading gains.
Anti-bullying is "on the increase" in Scotland, according to a report by a committee of MSPs.
A community on Benbecula in the Western Isles has been warned about an email scam which appears to be using Gaelic to disguise the origin of the scam.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United player-of-the-match Paul McShane.
Three people have been injured in a three-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
Coventry City Football Club has asked Rugby Borough Council to help with its search for a new stadium site.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling options for the 2017 season.
Leicester Tigers hooker Ben Youngs says he will not give up on his England comeback after a back injury forced him to miss out on a tour of Australia.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the autumn internationals as Australia scored a last-gasp try to seal a bonus-point win at Twickenham.
The home secretary has said it is "too early to say" whether net migration will feature in the Conservative Party's next election manifesto.
Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-1 win over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
David Cameron has called for Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all our nations after Scotland voted against independence.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test which can tell whether someone has Alzheimer's disease.
The world's largest floating town has been unveiled in the waters off the coast of California in America.
Wales international Hal Robson-Kanu has signed a new contract to stay with Reading until June 2019, but defender Rio Ferdinand and striker Jamie Cox will leave at the end of the season.
A campaign group has called for Skegness' iconic Jolly Fisherman to be removed from the seaside resort, saying he represents images of animal cruelty.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has been granted Russian citizenship.
England's Scott Waites has been knocked out of the World Indoor bowls semi-final at the British Indoor Bowls Championships in Sheffield.
Swansea City are looking to appoint Gary Rowett or Paul Clement as their new manager.
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager following his departure as interim boss of St Mirren.
Two Victorian swimming pools and a Grade II-listed mansion are among the world's most endangered monuments, according to the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt for the people who elected him to represent them after he missed a key vote in parliament to attend a football match in Portugal.
One of the world's "most extraordinary flowering plants" has bloomed its first flower in 12 years.
More children aged as young as three are being referred to the NHS for help to transition to another gender, figures show.
Voters in Bolivia have rejected a proposal to allow President Evo Morales to run for a third term in office.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed former Fulham midfielder Richard Dunfermline on a one-year deal.
Leaders of the Tour of California were forced to abandon Sunday's race after a train hit a barrier as they crossed a railway line in bad weather.
A US football game in Seattle, Washington state, on Sunday produced a series of small earthquakes, according to US seismic recording stations.
Fifa sponsors have spent millions of pounds to be associated with football's World Cup, but now the corruption scandal engulfing world football's governing body is threatening to jeopardise their long-standing relationships with the sport's ruling body.
England have been penalised "totally illegally" at the scrum during their Six Nations campaign, says the Rugby Football Union.
A man accused of attacking a bride and groom at a wedding reception has told a court he was trying to defuse a "volatile" situation.
British rider Scott Redding has won his first MotoGP race of the season at the US Grand Prix.
Nato says its forces in southern Afghanistan have captured a number of Taliban insurgents who were being held by the Taliban.
Indonesia, also known as Jamboree, is a vast archipelago made up of islands in the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, and the Java Sea.
Sainsbury's has reported a fall in sales as it continues to battle discount chains Aldi and Lidl.
The British Heart Foundation says it has developed a more accurate genetic test for people with inherited heart conditions that is more accurate than previous tests.
Hampshire moved to within a point of Glamorgan at the top of the T20 Blast South Group thanks to a six-wicket win over Sussex.
A man has appeared in court after a boat was deliberately set on fire in Peterhead harbour.
Sri Lankan human rights activists say they have new photographs that they say prove the killing of a young Tamil Tiger rebel by the army in 2009 was a war crime.
Manchester City came from 2-0 down to beat Bayern Munich and secure their place in the Champions League knockout round.
A man who murdered two women whose bodies were found in his house has been jailed for life for their murders.
Of all the films about the 1997 British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa, one of them stands out.
A hospital trust that was placed in special measures after high mortality rates in the wake of the Stafford Hospital scandal has been taken out of the list of "requires improvement".
Bombay House in the Indian capital, Delhi, is one of the country's most iconic buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked manager Davinson Sanchez following their relegation from La Liga.
US comedian Bill Cosby has been reinstated as an honorary professor at a US college following allegations that he gave sedatives to women without their knowledge.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens to set up a Rogers Cup final against Elina Svitolina.
The driver of a lorry that crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire is in a critical condition in hospital.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a "unlawful" fireworks and arson attacks in a Torfaen street which left residents "terrified".
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket.
India's government has proposed a new law that would require companies to obtain a licence to use maps and other information about the country's "geospatial information".
Rory McIlroy missed the cut at the Dubai Desert Classic as Lee Westwood took a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has secured funding to conserve a rare 18th Century portrait of a slave who was captured as a slave in Africa.
The public hearings into the death of Labour peer Lord Janner have been postponed until March 2017.
Voters are going to the polls to choose who will represent them on their local authority.
Palestinians have returned to a disputed holy site in Jerusalem after Israel dismantled its controversial metal detectors at the site.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, say they have found a child who went missing after a social media campaign to find her.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park in Somerset have launched a new search to find out where they came from.
A consultation on plans to turn the hard shoulder of the M62 into a "smart motorway" to ease congestion has ended.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been found to be at low levels of radon gas, which can increase the risk of lung cancer for people who smoke.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against cuts to services in Bognor Regis town centre.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley made centuries as Essex dominated the first day of their County Championship game against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their dog units as part of cost-cutting measures to meet budget cuts.
A driver who crashed his car on the wrong side of the road, killing a passenger and injuring another in a head-on crash, was not stopped by police, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will play Celtic in the Champions League second qualifying round after holding San Marino's La Fiorita to a 0-0 draw at Windsor Park.
Plans to create new marine conservation zones in the sea off north Wales have been dropped, the environment minister has said.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Kenny Shiels has left League Two side Notts County to return to Northern Ireland.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
A DNA profile found on a jacket at the scene of an acid attack on a journalist has been confirmed as belonging to one of the accused, a court has heard.
More than 1,000 people are taking part in Scotland's largest Celtic music festival in the Western Isles.
More women are becoming nuns in the UK than at any time since the 1980s, according to the Church in England and Wales.
Wolves striker Jakub Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury, the Championship club have confirmed.
An Iranian court has rejected an appeal by a British-Iranian woman serving a five-year jail term for trying to overthrow the government.
Bradford City booked their place in the second round of the FA Cup with a comfortable win over non-league side Chesham United.
A man who campaigned for the release of a teenager convicted of murdering a woman in 1973 has said he has uncovered new evidence which could have cleared him.
A Gwent Police officer who was the second to enter a hostel where a woman was stabbed to death by a man who "didn't seem human", an inquest has heard.
The head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a traitor to the country's people.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently, despite concerns raised by residents.
The Supreme Court is due to announce its decision on whether the prime minister can start the formal process of leaving the European Union.
A man has appeared in court following the death of a teenager believed to have taken a so-called "legal high" in a park.
A New Zealand child has won a NZ$1m (Â£800,000; $1m) bonus bond in the country's biggest savings scheme, according to local media.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Commodities trader Noble Group has said it will take a $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) writedown on the value of its coal assets because of the fall in coal and oil prices.
South Africa's national police chief has replaced a detective investigating the murder of athlete Oscar Pistorius after he told a court he was facing charges of attempted murder.
Kirsty Williams is the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, who will face a tough challenge in May's assembly election.
Nato countries need to spend more money on defence, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Eight people have been arrested in Iran for posting photos of themselves as models on the photo-sharing site Instagram, a court has announced.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos retained the leader's yellow jersey.
A woman who was found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been named by police.
A US pit bull rescue centre has said it will fly a dog to the UK to save it from being destroyed after its owner launched a last-ditch appeal.
Actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Emma Pooley has announced her return to British Cycling for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was mauled to death by his dog.
A train passenger has said he felt he was "humiliated" by British Transport Police after being removed from a train at Stansted Airport for having wires in his bag.
Portugal's cabinet has approved a new law to allow descendants of Jews who were forced to leave the Iberian peninsula in the 15th Century to gain citizenship.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis class with Andy and Jamie Murray's mother, Catherine, as part of a tour of school-based charities.
AFC Wimbledon missed out on a chance to seal their place in the League Two play-offs as they were beaten by League Two side Portsmouth.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has continued to fall, according to figures released by the Scottish government.
Warrington Wolves will play Wigan Warriors in the Challenge Cup semi-finals, while Wakefield Trinity will face Championship side Wakefield Red Devils.
Household spending power in Northern Ireland remains lower than the rest of the UK, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 standings with a dominant victory at the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic gold medal-winning runner Simon Whitehead has revealed details of his training for the London and Rio Games in a new photographic exhibition.
Prime Minister David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn have said they want Prime Minister's Questions to become a "genuine exercise in asking questions and answering questions".
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, where floods have killed at least 10 people.
US billionaire Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government after it approved plans for an offshore wind farm at his Aberdeenshire golf resort.
Work to improve the safety of coaches dropping off and picking up tourists in Conwy town centre is being recommended by Conwy council.
Thousands of Ulster Bank customers in Northern Ireland have been told they will not have to make any payments until Saturday after a computer glitch affected their accounts.
A man detained by German police investigating the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released without charge.
Russell Slade says taking Cardiff City to the Championship play-off final would be bigger than any achievement in his managerial career so far.
Two arts directors on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant by the island's board.
The European Union has pledged $1.9bn (Â£1.3bn) to a trust fund to help 23 African countries deal with the migrant crisis.
The UK's energy sector will need to be re-shaped again if the country is to meet its targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, a report says.
NHS consultants in England are set to publish details of the private work they do outside the NHS, after years of shying away from the issue.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man who was hit by a van near Leicester railway station.
Bath moved to within a point of London Irish at the bottom of the Premiership table with a bonus-point win at the Madejski Stadium.
The contract signed by the Beatles' manager, Epstein, has failed to sell at Sotheby's.
Residents of Israel's coastal city of Tel Aviv have been adjusting to the increased use of warning sirens in the wake of the recent rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip.
A Canadian family has been offered compensation after being asked to give up their seat on an overbooked Air Canada flight to make way for airline staff.
More 15-year-olds in Northern Ireland are satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in England, Scotland and Wales.
Air traffic controllers have called for urgent action to deal with record-breaking levels of aircraft in UK airspace ahead of the busiest day of the year.
Social news site Reddit has killed its "warrant canary" - a feature that lets users know when the site has received secret government requests for data.
A village in the northern Indian state of Haryana has held a selfie contest to encourage people to take pictures of themselves to raise awareness about the lack of women in the community.
CCTV footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting items from shops in the aftermath of the deadly Westgate mall attack, officials say.
Work is under way to clear up waste and debris from beaches in Norfolk and Suffolk which were hit by flooding over Christmas.
A resident at a Carmarthenshire nursing home has died after developing flu-like symptoms, health officials have said.
Actor Patrick Stewart has revealed how he helped deliver a baby in one of the UK's most unusual childbirths.
A surgeon accused of carrying out "acts of cannibalism" has denied telling patients they were "on the road to developing breast cancer", a court has heard.
A team of people from the Arctic Mission are travelling across the Arctic to raise awareness of the impact of climate change on sea ice.
Google's net profit for the three months to the end of September rose 11% to $3.3bn (Â£2.6bn), compared with the same period last year.
Senga, ridden by the Italian Frankie Dettori, won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Ascot as favourite Shutter Speed was beaten into second place.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 2-1 win over Wrexham.
A UN court has ruled that China's territorial claims in the South China Sea are "null and void", overturning a ruling by the Philippines.
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using 3D facial recognition technology to help doctors diagnose and treat people with facial paralysis.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by local businessman Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to use the power to call an early election.
About 40 council staff have returned to work at a fire-damaged building after it was set alight in one of the "most challenging nights" in the county's history.
Ambulance trusts in England have spent more than £46m on using private ambulances to respond to 999 calls since 2011, figures show.
Liverpool maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with a comfortable 5-0 win at Burton Albion.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the women's Twenty20 series in India after injuring her shoulder.
Ipswich Town defender Paul Taylor says he was surprised to be asked to clean his boots on his first day at Portman Road.
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released e-fit images of two men they want to speak to.
National League side Gateshead have signed Newcastle United left-back Ryan Atkinson on loan until January.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "simply another excuse" reports that Russia was involved in hacking to help him win the election.
Portugal's shares and bond yields have risen as the prospect of a left-wing coalition government taking power is set to become a reality.
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter says she is aiming for qualification for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Four men who carried out a gunpoint raid on a Fife flat have been remanded in custody after pleading guilty to assault and robbery.
Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Ryan Reid on a short-term deal until January 2017.
"If you want to be a John Toshack, you need to work in a first team environment."
Poorer young people are more likely to be in contact with the police if they commit a crime, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a teenager whose ex-boyfriend had been harassing and stalking her for a year.
"I am not a jouster, but I would like to be one," says Jason Williams, who spends his weekends jousting.
A UK company has been named by French authorities investigating an outbreak of E. coli linked to raw sprouted vegetable sprouts sold in the UK.
A council has said it will not re-tendering for a new contract to run a hospital's fertility services.
A motorist has died in a crash on the M42 near Castle Bromwich and the M6 in West Bromwichshire.
Former Premier League footballer Adam Johnson told his partner he was going to plead guilty to kissing a 15-year-old girl, a court has heard.
Most families in England are now doing worse than their parents' generation in terms of social mobility, according to a government report.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's launch of a ballistic missile as a "clear violation" of a UN Security Council resolution on Iran's nuclear programme.
Network Rail is to provide live updates of improvements to the East Coast Main Line on social media following the "embarrassing fallout" from delays over Christmas.
Belfast's Andrew Selby will make the first defence of his WBO European super-flyweight title against American Josh Norman in Cardiff on Saturday.
Glasgow's Champions Cup campaign began with a heavy defeat by Northampton Saints at Scotstoun.
All the reports from Saturday's Scottish Premiership, Championship and Challenge Cup games.
Sheffield United kept alive their faint hopes of avoiding League One relegation with a comfortable win at Chesterfield.
Welsh place-names are an important source of information for historians, geographers and linguists looking at the history and origins of their origins.
This is the most important general election since the last one in 2010.
Great Britain won three gold medals in rowing, cycling and triathlon on the opening day of the Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro.
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of child sex abuse cases, the force has announced.
Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara and American author Steven Tyler are the favourites to win this year's Man Booker Prize for their novels, according to bookmakers' bookmakers.
A former chaplain to St Mary's Cathedral has criticised the cathedral's decision to read a verse from the Koran during a service in which it invited local Muslims to worship Jesus as a prophet.
Norway's mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions in which he is being held in prison, according to a leaked document.
Defending champion Phil Mickelson leads the Open Championship at Royal Troon after a rain-affected first round at Royal Birkdale.
Labour sources close to Jeremy Corbyn have denied leaking the draft of the party's general election manifesto to the Daily Mirror.
The first results from a trial of a drug to treat Alzheimer's disease suggest it could offer a new way to tackle the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain.
Justice Minister William McCann has said Attorney General John Larkin has "gone too far" in defending his views on abortion.
A former reality TV star who stalked a teenager at a supermarket in Fife after she criticised a book he had posted on a literary critique website has admitted assaulting her.
Atletico Madrid secured their first La Liga title with a hard-fought draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
A port in Aberdeenshire is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm in the Cromarty Firth.
A man suspected of murdering a Scottish woman in Lapland has been detained by a court in Finland.
A scientist who played a key role in the development of radar technology in Swansea has been recognised by the city's council.
Photographs by David Jenkinson has captured some of the most striking landscapes you have never seen before.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be listed as ancient woodland in England.
The Taliban in northern Afghanistan say they have released 110 police officers who surrendered after a siege by the security forces ended on Saturday.
The BBC Wales Music Festival is getting under way in Cardiff Bay.
More urgent action is needed to cut delays in transferring patients from critical care units in Wales, a report has said.
Former Swansea City boss Sam Allardyce has been named as the manager of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
Thirty-six Yazidi people who were held captive by Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq have been rescued, the UN says.
Two German women were detained by Spanish police after taking part in a paparazzi flashmob in a seaside town in north-eastern Catalonia.
What are the 10 greatest teams of all time?
More than 700 people have been killed in a massive earthquake in the country of Nepal in eastern Asia.
The suspended chief executive of the body that oversees community health services in Wales has said he believes the independent voice of patients and the public has been "gagged".
The Knights of Malta, the Roman Catholic order founded by a monk who opened a hospital for sick pilgrims in Jerusalem at the time of the Crusades, have been celebrating their 900th anniversary at the Vatican.
Carol Carr, best known for playing Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died aged 97.
A US court has sentenced a computer hacker who shared information about US military personnel with the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been sentenced to five years in prison.
Are you the best at predicting the top three drivers at every race this season?
A police chief's confidence in Surrey's chief constable, Julie Owens, was in doubt before she was appointed director-general of the National Crime Agency (NCA), the BBC has learned.
A patient has been admitted to hospital in Carlisle after a suspicious package was found in a ward.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours for his contribution to British sport.
Wales wing George North says he will not let his recent form affect his World Cup preparations after returning from concussion in the win over Ireland.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has been released by her captors, Oman's state news agency says.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne Ferries staff are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says Saturday's World Twenty20 game against Sri Lanka is a "must-win game".
At least 104 people are now known to have died in Indonesia's Aceh province in a landslide triggered by torrential rain, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerians suspected of planning to carry out a terror attack in Germany, officials say.
Norwich City striker Kyle Lafferty has been fined Â£1,000 by the Football Association after being found guilty of a betting offence.
A man who advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis" on social media has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A man has been arrested on his return to the UK from Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences, Scotland Yard has said.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a fan who claimed he held a gun at him.
"There is no military solution to this crisis, only a political one."
A holiday hotel in Aberdeen has been sold to an Aberdeen-based property firm for £17.7m.
Andre Ward says he is ready to "make a statement" in Saturday's rematch with Sergey Kovalev at London's O2 Arena.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk damaging fair justice, a former High Court judge has warned.
One of the last survivors from Adolf Hitler's bunker has been interviewed for the first time since he was captured by the Soviet Union in 1953.
Ospreys kept alive their hopes of a home Pro12 play-off with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Liberty Stadium.
An investigation has been launched after 11 people were reported missing following a fire at a mine in Norfolk.
A woman who claims she was sexually abused as a child by a "monster" man has told a court he was "a monster" who made her feel "dirty and ashamed".
Essex and Glamorgan aim to secure their place in the quarter-finals of the One-Day Cup and T20 Blast with a win over each other at Chelmsford.
Three UK cabinet ministers are travelling to Mexico, Australia and Germany as efforts to secure trade deals with other countries after Brexit continue.
A 26-year-old man is being sought by police after a football match was abandoned following reports a player was stabbed.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire, police have said.
In Pisky, in eastern Ukraine, there was a rare moment of calm.
Cardiff Devils are not the bad guys for having to play back-to-back Elite League games the night before Sunday's Challenge Cup final against Sheffield Steelers, according to Steelers boss Rob Kelman.
Singer-songwriter Phil Collins has been forced to postpone two concerts in London's Hyde Park after he was injured in a fall at a concert on Wednesday.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death while trying to save the life of her baby daughter.
World Snooker players have voted in favour of changing the format of the Shoot Out to a ranking event following a controversial refereeing incident at the event.
Olympic gold medallist Charlotte Dujardin and Olympic champion Robbie Brash will compete in the World Cup dressage at the Royal Windsor Horse Show.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury.
The families of the 43 missing Mexican students have been speaking out against the government's decision to declare that they are dead.
The National Theatre's artistic director Tony Norris has said he is considering whether to introduce quotas to improve diversity at the theatre.
Northern Ireland's Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week in Thursday's Superstock qualifying session at the Isle of Man TT.
On a hillside on the edge of a small village in the Yorkshire Dales, the glens of the Cotswolds can be seen through the mist.
Up to 70 jobs have been lost after a food and drink chain in Belfast city centre was placed into administration.
Thirteen people have been jailed for their part in a multi-million pound drugs operation in south Wales.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a woman who was cycling to work.
Junior doctors in England are to vote on whether to accept a new contract after the government said it would impose one on them.
An RSPCA investigation is to be launched into the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Cornwall, the BBC has learned.
Volkswagen has been ordered by a court in Germany to resume production at five plants where it makes the Golf and Passat cars.
The Liberal Democrats would offer free bus passes for young people in England to help them get to university and traineeships, Nick Clegg has said.
Dwayne Bravo's century helped West Indies to a draw with Pakistan in the first day-night Test in Dubai, which ended in a one-wicket defeat.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been used to extradite suspects to the UK, Germany, Poland, Romania and the Czech Republic since 2004.
As hospitals and care homes prepare their Christmas Day meals, BBC News looks at what they will be serving up on Christmas Day.
Sebastian Vettel set the pace in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Ferrari focused on the soft tyre.
The family of a British journalist who was found dead at a Turkish airport have said they believe she acted alone in her death.
Defender Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of England's Women's Six Nations opener against Spain in Dublin on Wednesday.
A man who claims he was "obsessed" with a former BBC radio presenter has told a court he became "craved" for sex with her after she denied he was too old to be having sex with him.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte remain in the lead of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Joe Cardle scored a hat-trick as Dunfermline Athletic eased past 10-man Falkirk to move to the top of the Scottish Championship.
Voters are being urged to register to vote in the EU referendum by the Electoral Commission as part of a campaign to ensure they do not miss out on polling day.
The Totten Glacier, one of the largest glaciers on the Antarctic continent, may be about to reverse course and retreat further inland, according to new research.
In the immediate aftermath of James Comey's firing as director of the FBI, the reaction in Washington was one of shock and outrage.
Six offshore workers have been exposed to "low levels of radioactive material" while working on a North Sea oil platform, it has emerged.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
At least 36 migrants are feared dead after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was murdered in South Africa four years ago, say they are determined to find out the truth about their daughter's death.
England's second one-day international against Sri Lanka at Bristol was abandoned without a ball bowled.
Devolution is not the hot topic of conversation in Nottinghamshire, but for the politicians getting money from Westminster to spend on infrastructure projects is important.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton Athletic manager Karl Robinson was heckled by AFC Wimbledon fans during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Hibernian eased past Bonnyrigg Rose to book their place in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals with a thumping 5-1 win at New Dundas Park.
Scotland have called up South African-born fly-half Alex Jones to their squad for their June tour of Japan.
The Queen has thanked well-wishers for their messages of goodwill on Twitter to mark her 90th birthday.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire bowler Jake Ball is in "fitter and more lively" than he was last winter, according to head coach Justin Read.
The daughter of a couple who set up an independent state in the sea off the Suffolk coast has died.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle with a rival group which it accused of using its name without permission.
The government's plans to test 11-year-olds in England on their knowledge of the times tables will go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs.
US President Barack Obama has ordered a "full investigation" into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan in which 13 people were killed on Saturday.
Defender Mark McChrystal has signed for League of Ireland Premier Division side Crusaders on a two-year deal.
"This is how we extract the oil from the tree and sell it," said Dedel, one of the leaders of the Seeds of the Forest project in Brazil's Amazon region.
Ulster Rugby has defended its players' decision not to wear poppies during Sunday's Pro12 game against Newport Gwent Dragons.
National League side Gateshead have re-signed striker Ryan Johnson on a one-year deal.
A massive video game burial site has been discovered in the Blackpool area of Lancashire.
MSPs have given their backing to plans to allow same-sex couples in Scotland to enter into civil partnerships.
The BBC has been speaking to three whistleblowers who say they were involved in a major scam in India that defrauded TalkTalk customers out of thousands of pounds.
A hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by the health watchdog after inspectors found "individual examples" of poor practice.
About two-thirds of the slowdown in the Scottish economy is down to the fall in the price of oil and gas, according to a report.
A woman who had cancer treatment 10 years ago has given birth to a baby boy after doctors used frozen ovarian tissue to help restore her fertility.
"Being on death row for 22 years was the greatest adventure of my life," says Nick Yarris, who was executed by lethal injection in 2003.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open.
MPs are back in the Commons on Tuesday for the first time since the Easter recess, and there's a good chance they'll be able to get their heads around what's in the Budget.
The chief executive of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force will not be able to cope with the demand for new recruits.
He is the man everyone in Swansea City's footballing history would describe as the club's "legend".
Emre Can's stunning solo goal in Liverpool's 1-0 win at Watford has been named as the Reds' goal of the season.
A study to see if a drug given to children at risk of developing type-1 diabetes could help prevent the disease developing in childhood has begun in Scotland.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death at a house.
India's largest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $2bn (Â£1.6bn) in a major funding round led by US investment firm Cerberus Capital Partners.
The High Court ruling that MPs must vote on whether the UK can start the process of leaving the EU is "unacceptable", the government has said.
Police in Greece are investigating claims by the far-right Golden Dawn party that it was involved in an attack on a left-wing MP in Athens in December.
Alliance Trust has announced some of the "biggest changes in its history" in a bid to reduce costs and improve shareholder value.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, according to a new study.
Team Sky's reputation has been "left in tatters" by the way it has been portrayed by the media, says Tour de France winner Chris Froome.
A trade union leader has called for Liverpool City Council to set an "illegal budget" to save £156m over the next three years.
A sixth form at a Lancashire school with the lowest proportion of students taking A-level A-levels in England is to close.
England captain Dylan Hartley says the focus of his side is on qualifying for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand in November.
Scientists say they have successfully stitched a patch to animals after they have had heart attacks to see if it helps prevent long-term scarring.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not rush to offer midfielder Peter Whittingham a new contract.
This year's BBC Proms, which take place at London's Royal Albert Hall in August and September, will be the most ambitious in the history of the festival's history.
The former president of the Republic of Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs has said President Barack Obama's last words to him were "please tell them (Ireland) I'm coming".
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says Manchester United team-mate Paul Pogba enjoys the pressure of being at the top of the Premier League.
A cancer research centre in Belfast has been awarded a Â£1.3m grant to help women in Northern Ireland who have been diagnosed with cervical cancer.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to have any chance of reaching the finals in 2018.
Early humans may have arrived in the Americas 130,000 years ago, according to a new study published in the journal Nature journal.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce's debut for a non-league football club has been postponed because of bad weather.
The United Nations has warned US President Donald Trump that cuts to its peacekeeping budget would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue its work.
Police investigating the death of a man who was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have released CCTV footage of the area where he was found.
Children in England are restricted in what they are allowed to do without supervision, according to a survey of children's freedom around the world.
Six police officers have been charged after three of a man's fingers were severed while he was in custody, the police watchdog said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved out of the Premiership relegation play-off spot with a comfortable win over Partick Thistle.
More than £3.9bn in unpaid maintenance payments to single parents in England and Wales has been declared "uncollectable" by the government.
Russell Brand has deleted the phone number and email of a Daily Mirror reporter after he posted it on Twitter.
Every time there is a general election in Israel they are known as "campaigns".
Aberdeen's deal with Lloyds Bank to wipe out the club's long-term bank debt is a significant milestone for Scottish football.
An appeals court in China has reduced the jail sentence of a veteran journalist convicted of leaking state secrets.
A coroner has said she is satisfied the NHS in Cornwall will continue to work hard to ensure the lowest possible number of patients leave the county for treatment.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the Reds is the "biggest challenge in world football.
The number of discarded plastic bottles dumped on UK beaches hit a record high last year, according to a survey.
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with the League Two club.
Playwright James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign, which will tackle the "new mood we're living in".
Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average of 2.4 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures.
A wildlife charity has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
BBC Points West's political editor Paul Barltrop looks at the impact of the EU referendum on British politics.
Australia's BHP Billiton and Brazil's Vale have agreed a deal to settle some of the largest claims related to the collapse of a dam at Brazil's Samarco mine in April.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that it says will make it easier for passengers to store their luggage in overhead bins.
South Africa took control of their one-day series against Sri Lanka with a seven-wicket win in the first game.
A man has been arrested in connection with an investigation into historical child sex offences in the Yewtree area of north London.
Tom Steel and Tom Latham both made centuries as Durham's batsmen dominated against Northants at Chester-le-Street.
Championship side Norwich City have signed striker Alex Pritchard and goalkeeper Danny Jones.
The pound and the stock market have been reacting to the news that the prime minister has called a snap general election.
Two RUC officers who were granted anonymity at the inquest into the death of a man shot dead by police in Londonderry in 1992 may have committed offences, a court has been told.
All nursery staff in England are to be trained in paediatric first aid following the death of a baby who choked to death while being fed shepherd's pie.
More than 1,200 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Welsh council areas since October 2015, according to Home Office figures.
Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic to win his second Wimbledon title with a straight-set victory in the men's singles final on Centre Court.
A GP who gave his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she threatened to end their marriage if he did not quit his addiction has been told he faces a jail term.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Emmanuel Ogogo has returned to training with the League One side.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
American Jordan Spieth moved into a share of the lead at the WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai.
Sinkholes are "extremely common" in parts of the UK, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England are not "far off" from winning the limited-overs series in India, says former wicketkeeper Graeme Swann.
Careers workers at the careers advice service in Wales are being asked to take voluntary redundancy, Unison has said.
Great Britain's mixed-team event team won silver in Rio, despite losing out to Lithuania in the final.
Watford have signed Colombia international defender Alberto Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee.
The BBC takes a look at the past spending reviews and how they compare with Wednesday's Spending Review.
Daniel Craig is the best actor to play James Bond, according to the actor who played 007, Sir Ian Fleming.
Kent captain Sam Northeast's unbeaten innings of 185 helped secure promotion to Division Two of the County Championship as they held on for a draw against Essex at Canterbury.
Quebec's Muslim community is coming to terms with the killing of six people at a mosque in the French-speaking Quebec city of Quebec City.
ITV production staff have voted in favour of going on strike in a row over pay.
Glamorgan need to improve "a helluva lot" if they are to challenge for promotion back to Division One of the County Championship, says director of cricket Steve Mott.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has been talking about reducing the prison population in England and Wales.
A woman has been found guilty of using five children as "sexual playthings".
The world is on the verge of a mass extinction event in the oceans, according to a UN-backed report.
What do we know for sure that George Osborne is now £23bn better off than he was in July?
Up to 200 workers at the Shotton steelworks in Newport could lose their jobs, a union has said.
At least 55 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in a shallow grave in Australia's Queensland state.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down reports of interest from Sunderland to sign teenage defender Tony McMahon.
Paul Daniels was one of the UK's best-known and most accomplished magicians.
More needs to be done to make it easier for rail passengers to claim compensation for disruption, the rail regulator has said.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was stabbed to death while walking his dogs have released images of three more people they want to speak to.
Australia's most prominent politician has announced he is taking leave from the country's upper house of parliament, the Australian Senate, to deal with depression.
Smokers are to be banned from being paid for taking a smoke break at work in a bid to make it fairer for those who smoke.
A student from Hertfordshire has described the horror of the moment gunmen opened fire at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris.
England captain Charlotte Edwards' side were beaten by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne to leave the series level at 2-2.
Indonesian police are investigating whether a woman who died after drinking coffee laced with traces of cyanide had links to Australia.
Burke could "give Usain Bolt a run for his money" after his £13m move from Nottingham Forest to RB Leipzig, according to former goalkeeper Tim McGovern.
A man accused of murdering his wife has appeared in court in the absence of her husband.
Sri Lanka's media ministry has criticised those who filmed a Buddhist monk who killed himself in protest against the slaughter of cattle on Saturday.
Japan's Hitachi has announced plans to invest billions of pounds in the UK nuclear power industry, following the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Scotland's only Labour MP has called for a "new generation" to take the party forward after it failed to win back the trust of voters at May's Holyrood election.
Jurassic World, the new Jurassic World film starring Chris Pratt, has topped the US and Canada box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of drug trafficking after her family said she was found with cocaine hidden inside a pair of headphones.
Neymar scored his first goal of the season as Sevilla came from behind to beat Barcelona and move within a point of La Liga leaders Villarreal.
Police are appealing for information following a "targeted raid" on a farm in North Ayrshire.
On the face of it, it wasn't the most memorable moment of the night, but it was certainly one of the funniest.
The UK is set to leave the World Trade Organization (WTO) after it leaves the European Union.
It is 50 years since British toy company Palitoy introduced the world's first Action Man to the UK.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall at the University of Bristol.
Engineers have found a way to control the wobbling of liquid glass to make it "sewing like a sewing machine", which could be useful for 3D printing.
Roger Federer dedicated his World Team Cup victory over Richard Gasquet to the Swiss men's team after beating the Frenchman in the final in Lille.
Drivers have been urged to take care on Scotland's roads after a number of accidents and warnings of icy conditions.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jamal Blackman produced a string of fine saves as they held Blackpool to a goalless draw at Bloomfield Road.
A man has been injured after shots were fired at a house in north Belfast.
Two toddlers in the US state of Georgia were able to drive their mother's stolen car after finding the keys in the living room, officials say.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with a neck injury in Edinburgh.
The date of one of the worst air disasters in British aviation history has been commemorated in the Isle of Man National Memorial Arboretum.
Conservative US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question at oral arguments for the first time since 2006, according to US media reports.
Opponents of a ban on gay marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the Supreme Court asking it to overturn a lower court ruling.
MSPs have accused the finance secretary of giving a "seven minutes of waffle" in a row over how much information he is giving MSPs about his budget plans.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has resigned after four years in charge of the Bears.
More than 20 people have taken part in the world's largest gravy wrestling competition.
A man who was one of the main suspects in the murder of a former IRA man in north Belfast has been shot dead in an "execution-style killing".
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is returning to the BBC One soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor's character to say goodbye to her cancer-stricken mother Peggy Mitchell.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are suing victims of car crime after they were involved in incidents involving stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A woman has been warned by a sheriff that a second bite on a postman by her dog would bring "devastation".
"Rotherham United are like the vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
France has paid tribute to the 130 people killed in the attacks in the capital, Paris, on Friday.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders after an MSP resigned from his seat at Holyrood to contest the general election.
At least three people have been killed and nine injured in a crash between a train and a car in the Belgian city of Leuven.
Check out this amazing new way to explore the world around you.
An Australian golfer has said he is lucky to be alive after being attacked by a crocodile on the Palmer Sea Reef golf course.
The mayor of the US city of Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday to reflect the city's "commitment to inclusivity".
Investment in Scotland's commercial property has continued to fall in Aberdeen, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has compared Theresa May's Brexit policy to the character Baldrick Thorne from the comedy character of the same name, during Prime Minister's Questions.
Warner Bros has announced plans to make a sequel to the Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
A US man has been sentenced to three years in prison for his role in running the Silk Road 2.0 online drug marketplace.
The Scottish SPCA has said it was "cute" to spot a fox cub at a veterinary surgery in Aberdeenshire.
Birmingham's Muhammad Yafai retained his WBOBOBO European super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Japan's Shintaro Muranaka.
Italian playwright and satirist Dario Fo, best known for his political satire, has died aged 91.
A newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after it was told it was not allowed to film Prime Minister Theresa May's visit to Cornwall.
Two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow have been formally identified by police.
Rangers owner Dave King and his consortium have been voted on to the club's board following an extraordinary general meeting (EGM).
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
Actress Gemma Jones says she was "very, very grateful" to Mike Bartlett, the writer and director of hit drama Doctor Foster, for giving her an insight into the "gravitas" of divorce.
The Football Association of Wales is launching a campaign later this year to encourage players to report incidents of racism at grassroots football matches.
The acting head of a primary school who admitted making indecent images of children has been told by police that "additional victims" have been identified.
China has accused the US of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Thousands of Singaporeans have taken part in the country's biggest annual gay pride event, despite a growing backlash against the event.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, it is fair to say that the UK economy is starting to show signs of running aground.
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog in West Yorkshire.
Indonesian rescuers say they have rescued 469 Rohingya Muslim migrants who were trying to cross the sea from Myanmar to Malaysia.
A rail company has been banned from operating trains on the West Coast Mainline following a series of incidents, including one involving a high-speed train.
It was a "big Budget", as they say.
US carmaker Kia has been rated the best in the world for reliability in a survey of the world's best-selling car brands.
Safid is one of many child migrants trying to find a way to get to the UK to live with his family.
Key quotes from Northern Ireland's political leaders, pundits and pundits on the outcome of the assembly election.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada increased in 2015, according to figures released by Statistics Canada.
The death of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi from injuries sustained in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in May last year has been announced by his family.
Five candidates have put their names forward to stand in the London Assembly election.
Budget airline boss Ian Walsh has said a decision by Stormont to set up an air route development fund would be an "advantage" for Northern Ireland.
A man has died after his car crashed on the A90 in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists at Abertawe University in Dundee say they have developed tests that can help predict the progression of blood cancers.
A cyclist has been killed at a roundabout in east London where a cycle superhighway is due to open next year.
A US federal judge has ruled in favour of the US women's national football team in a dispute over pay.
A baby peregrine falcon that was held in Belgium for two years has been allowed to enter the UK after being granted a rabies waiver.
Former BBC Radio Foyle presenter Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Public Performance Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
On the eve of E3, Xbox boss Phil Spencer said the Xbox One X would be the world’s most powerful console for 4K gaming.
A convicted sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after he claimed the social network violated his human rights.
Halle Berry's best actress Oscar win for her role in Dirty Rotten Scoundrels was one of her "lowest professional moments".
BBC Newsnight's James Clayton has been following the migrant crisis in Europe and the migrant camps in Calais, France.
A panel has been appointed to investigate events at De La Salle College, one of Northern Ireland's most prestigious Catholic schools.
Aliona Vilani, the winner of this year's Strictly Come Dancing, has ruled herself out of the next series of the show.
William Hague has said the UK will push for action at the UN Security Council to try to stem the flow of funds and arms to Islamist militants in Iraq.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will not be allowed to leave the club to join Arsenal, according to a source close to the Italian club.
Iceland's parliament has approved a bill that would require companies to implement equal-pay laws across the country.
At least eight of the 276 girls who were abducted from a school in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state are still missing, the Nigerian military says, contradicting earlier reports that most of them had been freed.
Meet the man who's trying to set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A businessman has lost a legal bid to stop the publication of his details in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Consumers in the UK are set to see the cost of making phone calls and using data services in Europe fall significantly, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped in the grounds of Henley Royal Regatta, police have said.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on non-contract terms.
Bilkis Bano was 19 when she was gang-raped and murdered during the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "not able to explain" why his side looked "tired" in their draw at Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised by the DUP's stance on HIV.
More than 1,000 EU nationals have been sent polling cards to people who were not eligible to vote in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright owes the club a lot.
China has been accused by Taiwan and the US of deploying surface-to-air missiles on an island in the disputed South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the times in which Europe could rely on others like US President Donald Trump are "on the way out".
On Monday, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme featured an article in which a woman who has a period said it was a "good idea" for companies to offer additional leave to women who need it.
Businesses will have to pay a levy on their wages to fund apprenticeships, the chancellor has announced in the Autumn Statement.
Two MPs have been ordered to pay damages to a man who claimed they knew about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a nationwide strike on Monday to protest against the disputed presidential election result.
Four people have been treated in hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in the early hours of Sunday.
It's that time of year when many of us are looking forward to getting back to our homes and going on holiday.
Greece's former caretaker Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in a car bomb blast in central Athens, according to reports.
Police have said they are "appalled" by a number of attacks on officers in Newry, County Down.
Architecture, ridden by Aidan O'Brien, won the Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Newmarket to set up an Epsom Derby showdown with Seventh Heaven.
A lawyer for the father of a teenager shot dead by police in the US state of Louisiana on Friday has said the shooting was captured on police body-camera video.
Scientists in New York are using GPS trackers to track slugs that live in the UK's potato fields.
Denmark reached the Women's Euro 2017 final after beating Austria 3-0 on penalties to set up a semi-final against hosts Germany.
Scientists have identified the remains of a girl who died in Mexico's Yucatan peninsula some 12,000 years ago, in what may be one of the earliest human remains found in the Americas.
Donald Trump's response to the Washington Post's report that he shared classified information with Russian officials last week has been largely the same as it always has been.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his players know their time for survival in the Premier League is "running out".
The results of analysis of samples taken from the site of the alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria are due to be released on Monday, the chemical weapons watchdog says.
Researchers at Oxford University say they have developed smart glasses that could help blind and partially sighted people to become more independent and carry on normal lives.
An Iranian court has begun the trial of a Washington Post photojournalist who is being held in Tehran on charges of espionage and spreading propaganda against the country's government.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have successfully bred at a quarry in County Durham.
A new study suggests that the reintroduction of sea otters in southern California in the US may be helping to reverse the decline in seagrass, a key indicator of coastal pollution.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal bid to change the law in England and Wales to allow him to end his own life.
A drug dealer who was caught by police loading drugs into a wheelie bin in Londonderry has been jailed.
The Irish justice minister has apologised to former residents of mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland for the "wrongs that were done to them".
Twenty years ago, Raith Rovers manager Brian Nicholl told his players that they were "one kick away from European football".
Schools in Wales should give physical education more status as a core subject, according to a report.
Doctors for terminally-ill baby Charlie Gard have asked the High Court for a fresh hearing into whether he should be allowed to die.
Schools in England are missing out on the benefits of outdoor learning because of pressure on teachers to stay in the classroom, according to a report.
Lancashire have appointed former captain Steve Chapple as assistant coach to former national team boss Peter Moores following his departure as head coach.
A Nottinghamshire cricket fan who complained about England's slow over rate during the second Test against South Africa has been rewarded by Alex Hales.
The family of a teenager who died after getting into difficulty in the River Avon are to erect a memorial to remember other people who have drowned in the river.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been the perfect preparation for their return to Brazil for the first time since the World Cup.
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been quoted as saying he wants the name of his daughter to be made public.
A growing number of countries in Latin America are decriminalising the possession and use of drugs, including Colombia and Mexico.
The RSPB has been forced to delay the opening of two new nature reserves in Dorset after they were flooded by heavy rain.
Police are appealing for information after a number of bird nests were found in a national forest in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court in connection with a counter-terrorism investigation.
Welsh brewery Brains has announced plans to open a chain of coffee shops in the UK.
Manchester City have completed the signing of centre-back Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid.
A man who killed a scooter club member after he urinated on his leg has been jailed for six years.
It's that time of year again.
The price of oil fell sharply on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand for the fuel was likely to have peaked in the third quarter.
Chris Coleman's desire to lead Wales to the 2018 World Cup in Russia is behind his decision to sign a new contract as manager, says Football Association of Wales chief executive Martyn Roberts.
A new report has revealed the best and worst countries for people over 60 in the world.
Derby County have agreed terms with Burton Albion to re-sign teenage midfielder Callum Robinson on loan until January.
Oscar-winning actor Michael B Jordan has confirmed he will star alongside Lupita Nyong'o in the next Black Panther film.
A man has been seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash in North Ayrshire.
Four men have appeared in court in connection with the discovery of 167kg of cannabis in County Armagh.
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection test has told an inquest he did not realise his son had gone "off track" until after he had passed the first checkpoint.
Shaker Aamer's return to the UK from Guantanamo Bay on Friday marks the end of one of the most controversial periods in the history of British foreign policy.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila said his side looked "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League qualifying round by Malmo.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly higher, but shares in savings company Santander were lower after the company reported a fall in the number of customers switching between savings and current accounts.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who was found dead at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Jackie Shankland scored a hat-trick as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Jamie McCourt has revealed how he was forced to miss the start of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Growth in the UK's dominant service sector slowed in February, according to a survey.
Two more former Rabobank traders have been charged in connection with the Libor interest rate rigging scandal, the US Department of Justice has announced.
Chelsea Ladies took a big step towards a place in the semi-finals of the Women's Champions League with victory over Glasgow City in the first leg of their semi-final first leg.
The Football Federation of Uganda (Fufa) says it is "confident" coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic will be paid his outstanding salary.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would break away from the party's approach to the past eight years under Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has congratulated the leader of Taiwan on becoming its president, in a rare direct phone call with the island's leader.
Harvard University in the US state of Massachusetts is changing the job titles of some of its house masters, amid claims that the word "master" has links to slavery.
Portugal reached the Confederations Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Australia after a 1-1 draw against Cameroon.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have begun clearing shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in an area of the city known as "Crackland".
Martin McGuinness is to visit the sites where Irish soldiers fought in World War One to mark the centenary of the Battle of Messines.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says he has learned a "massive lesson" from his first season in charge of the Premier League club.
Many Clouds, the 2015 Cheltenham Gold Cup winner, has died following a "rare" pulmonary haemorrhage, the British Horseracing Authority has said.
The January transfer window is about to open in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The government's plan to increase the number of Army reservists by increasing the trained strength of the armed forces by 30,000 by 2019 has been criticised by a former commander.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he did not think his side were ready to be "unbeatable" after winning their opening three games of the season.
Italy boss Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt following a poor run of form, according to a senior official.
Maltese bird hunters are "desperate" to kill endangered species in their annual spring shoot, a British conservationist has said.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being found in the street with multiple serious injuries following a crash.
Up to 70 people are to be made redundant at an audio equipment manufacturer in North Lanarkshire.
Defender Jonny Evans scored a late winner as West Brom beat 10-man Stoke to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
A bus company has called for a "credible, agreed plan" to be put in place to improve the safety of a busy street in Oxford city centre.
US fast food giant McDonald's has been accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by charging franchisees too much to keep them in business.
Former Aston Villa midfielder and assistant manager Brian Cowans has announced his retirement from football.
In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks in New York and London, Tony Blair's response to the threat of terrorism was one of the most memorable in British political history.
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Crystal Palace's 4-1 win at Selhurst Park secured Hull City's relegation.
Bradford Bulls administrators have said they will not be able to complete the due diligence required to secure a buyer for the club.
Human remains found by a cyclist in Perthshire have been identified as those of missing woman Louise Tiffney, police have confirmed.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Denmark's Thomas Bjork share the lead after two rounds of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced the country's withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A woman has won an award for the world's largest Jennifer Lawrence cake at a baking competition in Birmingham.
Amnesty International has accused the EU of "sugar-coating" an EU-Turkey deal to send migrants back to Turkey in breach of international law.
The Department of Justice (DoJ) has paid compensation to former pupils who were involved in violent protests outside a north Belfast primary school.
Publishers in Germany are to publish a new annotated version of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, one of the most important documents on World War Two.
A new primary school in the Highlands has been closed after a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms.
First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei holi arweinydd gorau sydd gan y Torïaid ar hyn o bryd.
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Brazilian side Corinthians has collapsed.
French singer-songwriter Bertrand Cantat has returned to the French music scene for the first time since he was convicted of murder in 2003.
Bydd Geraint Thomas o Team Sky wedi dau gymal y Tour de France wedi cyntaf i gyrraedd y terfyn yn ddianaf.
Police investigating the death of a man in Dumfries have said they believe he may have been assaulted in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The UCI has confirmed it will investigate claims a rider used racist language towards a rival in the Tour of California.
Students in England and Wales are being urged to be "smart" by avoiding buying illegal drugs to boost their grades in university.
European Union foreign ministers have agreed to start planning for the deployment of EU troops to the Central African Republic (CAR).
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United striker Scott Clarkson on a short-term deal until January.
Atletico Madrid kept up the pressure at the top of La Liga with a comfortable 3-1 win over 10-man Valencia at the Vicente Calderon.
The Wales football team have arrived in France ahead of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial game against Manchester City will be streamed live on Facebook.
Voters in Egypt have approved the country's new constitution, but the outcome of the referendum has sparked a debate in the press about whether it marks the end of a period of constitutional vacuum or the start of a new one.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar's western Bay of Bengal region was "not from any act of sabotage, sabotage, explosion or engine failure", investigators say.
A man has been found guilty of being involved in the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime" in the EU.
All the papers lead with the news that the EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to "shut up" by an Ulster Unionist MEP.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in Scotland to mark the start of the New Year.
Two people have been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Kent.
Three grizzly bears have been captured on camera eating a live goldfish at a safari park in Australia.
Historic Scotland is seeking the location of one of Scotland's most famous Roman battles, believed to be linked to the disappearance of a lost legion.
Derry manager Joey Barton has said he was "shocked" by the reaction of some Tyrone fans to the incident in which Derry's Brendan Rogers was injured in Sunday's Ulster SFC win over Fermanagh.
Heavy rain has caused widespread flooding across parts of central and eastern England after heavy downpours on Wednesday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to shoot and kill Donald Trump.
The first of five giant floating offshore wind turbines have been moved into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
Defending champion Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" after recovering from a back injury to take a share of the lead at the RSM Classic in North Carolina.
Newsweek, the oldest US magazine, has unveiled its final front cover, marking the end of its print edition.
The Russian rouble has continued to weaken against the US dollar as the country's economy continues to suffer from the impact of sanctions imposed by the West.
The minimum sentence for killing a police officer in England and Wales should be increased to life in prison, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
Both sides of the EU referendum are targeting key Labour strongholds across Wales in the final days of the campaign to leave the EU.
A man has been jailed for life for carrying out a knife-wielding robbery at a post office in Aberdeenshire.
A man has appeared in court in connection with an attempted murder following an assault in Falkirk.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo says he is "sad" to miss out on a chance to play for the Super Eagles at the 2016 Olympics in Brazil.
The aircraft carrier HMS Illustrious will be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced.
The fall in the value of the pound could be a "silver lining" for the UK economy, according to the EY Item Club.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa defender Jack Mason and Chelsea midfielder Tom Houghton on loan until January.
Jeremy Corbyn has told the Confederation of British Industry (CBIE) he will not "stand back" when there is injustice in the workplace.
A report has cleared former Garda (Irish police) commissioner Pat Callinan and former justice minister Alan Shatter of corruption.
The average length of time detainees are being held at the UK's largest immigration removal centre, Brook House, has been found to be "unacceptably long".
Wales coach Warren Gatland says the frustration of missing out on the 2011 World Cup will be with them when they begin their Six Nations campaign against Ireland in Dublin on Saturday.
"Monty Python, Monty Python and the Holy Grail!"
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against John Terry's red card in the FA Cup defeat by Peterborough United.
A man has been critically injured in a crash on the M1 in Staffordshire.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to trim his squad for next season.
The makers of a new mobile gaming app have been criticised by a children's charity for allowing people to play the game Pokemon Go online.
A man has been found guilty of attacking and robbing a man who tried to stop a burglar from stealing his car.
International students from outside the European Union provide a net benefit to the Scottish economy through their tuition fees, travel and accommodation costs, according to auditors PwC.
Derry City's return to the Premier Division ended in defeat as Linfield Harps earned a 2-1 win at Finn Park.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will be needed in England by September 2017 to deal with a severe school places shortage, council leaders say.
A new road linking Cardiff Bay with the city centre is set to open to traffic on Thursday.
In the early hours of Saturday morning, as the sun rose over the old town of Giza, a small crowd of protesters gathered in the street in front of the entrance to the mosque of the Prophet's Mosque.
Actress Vicky McClure has revealed how she was thrown off a tram named after her after she was told she could get a free ride.
The mother of a man convicted of stalking Lily Allen has said she had no idea he had been putting the singer through "years of torture".
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) has asked East Sussex's council to look at the feasibility of merging its fire service with West Sussex's.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest Â£2.5m to expand and improve its factory in the south of Scotland.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a bar in Glasgow city centre after attending a T in the Park concert.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England's Football Association and the Serbian Football Association after scuffles between fans and players during the Under-21 World Cup qualifier in Krusevac.
Johnny Depp's management team have accused the actor of failing to live within his means following his divorce from Amber Heard, according to court documents seen by the BBC.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the county's assistant coach for the T20 Blast.
The outgoing bishop of Wrexham has said he still believes it is "better if people voluntarily say 'we want to give organs'.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has pledged to keep Wales "central to the debate" on the future of devolution in the wake of the Scottish referendum result.
League Two side Rochdale have signed former Aston Villa midfielder Josh Clarke on loan for the rest of the season.
Adam Quigley scored a stunning late winner as The New Saints eased past Livingston to set up a Scottish Cup quarter-final against Dundee United.
A council in Surrey is set to propose a 15% increase in council tax for 2017-18, in a row with the government.
Somalia's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the government to lift a ban on companies that send money back to the country via the diaspora.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated to the National League after a 2-1 defeat by Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the euro area has risen to its highest level since records began in January, according to the EU statistics agency Eurostat.
A Dutch submarine has been detected by Russian anti-submarine ships as part of a Russian aircraft carrier flotilla in the Mediterranean, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is fully focused on his job at Pittodrie and has played down reports linking him with the Rangers job.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the second time in a row, after winning the competition in 2011-2014.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has gone straight to the top of the UK Singles Chart.
Up to 20,000 displaced Syrians have arrived at a border crossing between Turkey and Syria, the United Nations says.
Mexico's Interior Secretary, Francisco Blake Mora, has been killed in a helicopter crash south of the capital, Mexico City.
Voters in Kenya have been taking part in the country's first presidential and parliamentary elections since the deadly violence that marred the last poll in 2007.
Celtic's Champions League qualifier against Linfield in Belfast will take place on 11/12 July.
Work to refurbish the runway at Belfast International Airport is due to begin on Saturday.
A man who was stabbed in the chest with a crossbow has been found with stab wounds to his chest, police have said.
Carmen Beckford, the first black woman to be appointed to the board of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, has died aged 91.
Championship side Derby County have signed midfielder Scott Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book club has sprung up in the UK to encourage people to read more books - but are they good for the books, or are they bad for the authors?
Former Republic of Ireland rugby star Pat Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter have signed Australia international prop Nic White and Jersey back-row Nic Freeman.
Burundi is a small, arid country on the edge of Central Africa with a coastline on the Red Sea.
The health minister has said he is willing to meet the families of patients and staff affected by the scandal at a Denbighshire hospital.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan remains as Scotland manager.
The RMT union has said it will go on strike on Southern rail on the day of the Grand National after talks with Merseyrail broke down.
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by Afghan singer and songwriter Nadia Sayeed, despite a number of death threats.
A driver has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving after being involved in a collision with a police car on the M1 in Suffolk.
More than 30% of the UK population was unaware they were taking part in the Cultural Olympiad, according to a new report.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Ryan Raggett's late winner gave Dover Athletic a vital victory over Welling United to keep alive their slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the National League.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 indexes edging lower as Wal-Mart shares fell.
More than 100 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland's roads with the help of pothole-blasting machines.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in north London.
Police in Italy are searching for a man who allegedly opened fire on a group of nudists on a popular beach in the south of the country.
China's Prime Minister Li Ke Jieyi has called on women to stop shaving their armpits.
A Welsh adventurer who was attempting to become the first Briton to climb to the top of Mount Everest has ended his expedition after failing to reach the summit.
At least 80 people have been arrested in Egypt following protests against the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, officials say.
Retailer Sports Direct has warned that the fall in the value of the pound overnight will have a "significant impact" on its results.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has taken to the test track for the new series of Top Gear for the first time.
Nigel Farage has been appointed as a commentator on Fox News Channel's US network.
One in seven people in Wales is waiting more than a year to see a specialist for surgery, surgeons have warned.
A former senior teacher at a mosque in Cardiff has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing children.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Wuhan Open in China with a straight-set win in the quarter-finals.
Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who led one of China's most famous maritime expeditions, is being resurrected as a national hero.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths will have an opportunity to earn a place in Wales' British and Irish Lions squad.
The British Grand Prix will end its contract to host the race at Silverstone in 2019.
A piece of furniture used by author Charles Dickens to write his final novel has been saved for the nation thanks to a grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended a constitutional assembly formed by the Islamist-led parliament to draw up a new constitution.
Fifa has ruled that players will be banned from wearing undergarments which show political, religious or personal slogans.
Have you ever wondered what you would do if you grew up to become a professional cricketer?
The US Treasury Department has accused the European Commission of acting like a "supra-national tax authority" in its investigation into Apple.
Great Britain women's hockey team have named their squad for the Rio Olympics.
Up to 1,000 new homes are to be built in north Wales as part of a £36m investment to regenerate town centre areas.
Every British citizen will be able to sign an e-petition on Parliament's new website, the House of Commons has announced.
J Craig Venter, the man credited with the discovery of the first complete sequence of DNA, has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his contribution to science.
A "black alert" has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall due to an outbreak of the norovirus.
Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their second match at the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in New Zealand.
Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will call the snap election on 8 June is likely to be seen by many in the European Union as a sign that the UK is getting ready to leave the EU.
A County Armagh man and his wife have admitted the rape and assault of a woman in what was described as a "house of horrors" in Maghaberry Prison.
The Scottish government has announced a £1.5m fund to help people made redundant by the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Welsh Cycling has been given the go-ahead for the development of a £1.5m sports and leisure complex at a Powys country park.
A man armed with a firearm has robbed a supermarket cashier at knifepoint in a "terrifying ordeal", police have said.
The chief executive of Celtic Energy has said the firm will not be held responsible for the cost of cleaning up two of Wales' worst coal mines.
Mae'r tân bellach wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr aros yno dros nos ac fe fydd ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn.
Jose Mourinho's return to Chelsea ended in defeat as his former side thrashed his old club to move back into the Premier League's top four.
Skins was one of Channel 4's most popular shows of the last few years.
Police Scotland's most senior officer has defended the use of armed officers in Scotland, saying they were "entirely appropriate" to deal with incidents.
Central banks in Europe and Japan have taken another step down the rabbit hole in their efforts to stimulate the economy.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the rape of a teenage girl in a park.
Director Robert Carlyle's debut feature film is to open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A female osprey has laid her first egg of the season at a wildlife reserve in the Scottish Highlands.
Britain's influence on the world affairs would be "zero" if it were outside the European Union, the outgoing European Commission president has said.
The growth in global energy consumption slowed sharply in 2014, according to a report from oil giant BP.
Restrictions on infant cremations could be introduced across the UK after an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Mike Cockerill says Manu Tuilagi may not play for the club again this season.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to choose their next president, in a run-off election seen as a referendum on the country's pro-Western politics.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will only commit to the club if they match his ambition of winning promotion to League One next season.
Gwynedd council has said it will continue to protect indigenous Welsh names and places in Gwynedd.
A British backpacker who went missing in Thailand has contacted her family to say she wants to come home.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being stabbed in Cardiff city centre.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over plans to restrict immigration.
The head of Queen's University in Belfast has said the UK society needs to make "critical decisions" on how to fund higher education.
Dog walkers in Hampshire have been warned they will be fined for taking more than four dogs out for a walk.
Victims of historical child abuse at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast are taking the government to court in an attempt to force an independent inquiry into the scandal.
Three British tourists who were among those killed in the Nepal earthquake have been reunited with their families.
Wales' promotion to the top tier of men's hockey will push the men's and women's teams to "a different level", says head coach Colin Clements.
Two goals from Conor MacNiallais helped Donegal to a 2-14 to 0-11 win over 10-man Fermanagh in Sunday's Ulster SFC quarter-final at Breffni Park.
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Scott Martin will not return to former club Derby County.
The Mubende gold fields in northern Uganda are home to one of Africa's largest underground mining camps.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his target of returning the UK government to a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting for Sepp Blatter's successor as Fifa president is due to begin in Zurich on Friday.
Three men have been jailed for attacking a university lecturer who answered the door to his home to find three burglars had broken in.
Leeds Rhinos will play Hull FC in the Million Pound Game semi-finals at the end of the Super League season.
More than 1,800 taxi drivers in Scotland have been granted licences despite having previous criminal convictions, according to new figures.
Comedian John Cleese's Alimony Tour has opened to mixed reviews from critics, with one calling it "pleasing penury" and another accusing him of being "pathetic".
Nottingham Forest have signed striker Diego Macheda on loan from Cardiff City.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist, filmmaker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the people smuggling networks that operate in the region.
A woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Aurora Borealis over Scrabster Harbour in the Western Isles.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for three years after being convicted of theft at Gatwick Airport.
A Hong Kong ultramarathon course described as "boring" and "extreme monotony" has been won by a man who described it as "quite boring".
Up to 54 jobs are to be lost at a Carmarthenshire logistics firm after it announced plans to sell its distribution services.
As Africa becomes ever more connected, publishers and publishers are finding new ways to reach young audiences and develop their burgeoning minds.
A Perthshire woman has admitted stealing more than Â£3,000 from her mother's bank account to fund her gambling habit.
(Close): US stocks closed at record highs on Friday, boosted by strong gains in banks and after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added more jobs than expected in July.
How many nurses do you think are working in the NHS in England?
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have said they are "devastated" by the loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has abolished roaming charges for its customers travelling outside the European Union.
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists say they have made "no progress" in finding any DNA evidence to link them to the crime scene.
Boris Johnson has said it will be up to someone else to decide whether the UK leaves the European Union.
A UK charity that uses volunteers in the UK to act as virtual doctors in Zambia is now supporting health services for almost a million people in the country.
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death after being hit by a car in north Belfast have paid tribute to "a composed and caring son".
If you ask David Thirlwell how he got into chocolate, he'll tell you he was inspired by his father, who ran a chocolate company in France in the 1970s.
The US has confirmed that it carried out a sea burial for Osama Bin Laden at sea in the Arabian Sea after he was killed in a US-led raid on an al-Qaeda compound in May 2011.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in mining and insurance shares, and after Ryanair said it had become the first airline to carry more passengers in a month.
The jury in the trial of the former president of the Republic of Ireland, Micheál Murphy, has retired to consider its verdict.
More than 600,000 small firms will be given tax breaks to help them cope with rising business rates, the chancellor has announced.
Wales wing Scott Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to return to the squad for the World Cup, according to former captain Martyn James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new deal to remain with the club for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl who was found dead in a canal 21 years ago have said they are "excited" by "ground-breaking forensic work.
National League side Bognor Regis Town have signed midfielder Liam McGinty on a one-year deal after he impressed during his short-term loan spell at Aldershot Town.
British Olympic silver medallist Aarran Bevan has broken his leg in a fall at the British Gymnastics training centre in London.
At least two Palestinians have been killed and scores injured in clashes between Israeli troops and Palestinians in Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank, officials say.
Booking.com, the online travel booking service owned by Priceline, has been ordered to pay France's tax authorities €356m (US$390m; Â£303m).
Taxi-hailing service Uber has said it is "not sure how a five-minute wait for a trip confirmation" would benefit passengers in the capital.
Australia's Cadel Evans won the third stage of the Tour de France with a superb individual time-trial to move into second place in the overall standings.
Five children have been detained by the Nigerian army as part of its counter-insurgency operations, the United Nations says.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah Murray says she is ready to "step things up" at the women's team event at the European Championships after reaching the final of the qualifying round.
US carmaker Hyundai Motor America has offered to help US federal workers affected by the government shutdown during the partial shutdown.
A photographer has accused Taylor Swift's management company of "giving away" rights to images from her live concerts for free.
A father who won his court battle against an Isle of Wight council for taking his children on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£1,000 to fund legal fees.
A North Carolina county clerk who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court after the US Supreme Court rejected her argument that her religious beliefs barred her from doing so.
Paralympics are a time for world champions to show the world that it is possible to become a world champion, even in the face of adversity.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation (PFNI) and the Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott.
Scotland's local authorities have cut the amount of money they spend on school crossing patrol services, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Shares in Japan's Nikkei index closed lower on Monday as the stronger yen continued to weigh on the country's major exporters.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced plans to freeze public transport fares across the capital's transport network until 2020.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the party's campaign for Scottish independence was "flawed" over the use of the pound.
A rare piece of opal discovered in South Australia, Australia, has gone on display for the first time since its discovery 70 years ago.
The discovery of human remains on a mudbank in the sea off the Kent coast has led to a lot of talk about it on social media.
This year's News Day stories were some of the most eye-catching for BBC School Reporters across the UK.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has called on the defence secretary to "ensure that the neutrality of the armed forces is upheld" after the chief of defence staff appeared to back Jeremy Corbyn's opposition to Trident renewal.
Edward Enninful has been appointed as the new editor-in-chief of British Vogue.
A machine that can tell you whether your favourite Thai food is good or not has been unveiled in the Thai capital, Bangkok.
The use of physical punishment against children in Scotland and the UK is a "clear violation of children's human rights", according to a report.
Worcester Warriors head coach Rob Paver says he was worried about the fitness and form of new signing Jack Chapman.
Newcastle United moved back to the top of the Championship table with a 2-0 win over Aston Villa at Villa Park.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed former Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers to become the next Celtic manager.
The partner of a transgender woman who was found dead in a prison cell has said he is "angry" at the Prison Service after it emerged she had written a letter saying she wanted to leave.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to deal with safety concerns.
The first reviews for the new Ghostbusters film have been given overwhelmingly positive reviews, despite the film's "mean-spirited" online reaction.
A woman who was killed in a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay an extra stamp duty surcharge on properties worth up to £250,000, the chancellor has announced in the Autumn Statement.
Firefighters have said they were "delighted" to extinguish a large fire on the M90 in Perthshire, which closed the motorway.
A Â£1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund has been awarded to help fund the restoration of a quarry to make way for a planned underground museum.
A Celtic football club has called on the Isle of Man government to investigate safety concerns at the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant.
New signing Imbula scored his first goal for Stoke City as they eased past Bournemouth to move off the bottom of the Premier League table.
A man who claimed he was sexually abused as a child has said he feels he has been "shut down all the way" by police.
Oldham Athletic have become the first League One side to offer fans free entry to their home game against Barnsley on Saturday.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have detained a French diplomat after he was questioned over the alleged rape of a child.
Laura Trott won her second gold medal at the Para-cycling British Island Championships with victory in the women's scratch race.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in County Tyrone.
The US says it has launched air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter in an apparent attempt to interfere with the pilot's vision has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports jumped in February, rebounding from a sharp fall in January, according to the latest official figures.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the team's all-time leading scorer.
A man serving a life sentence for murdering a teenager has gone on trial accused of raping two more girls.
The assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich in World War Two has been made into a film for the first time.
A chronology of key events:
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking prescription drugs, including the drug Stilnox, ahead of the London 2012 Games.
More than 1,000 people have attended the funeral of Coronation Street creator Tony Warren at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a Pacific archipelago with two main islands, is one of the world's smallest and most sparsely populated countries.
The Scottish government has said it is "sorry" if a Chinese consortium that signed a deal to invest in Scotland has cancelled the deal.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in Conwy county.
Scottish ministers are visiting the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) in an effort to find out how to keep Scotland in the single market after the UK leaves the EU.
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike to protest against a decision to bar them from taking part in regional elections.
Somerset made it through to the final day of their County Championship game against Hampshire at Taunton with a four-wicket win.
A commission in South Africa is calling for the removal of Christmas Day from the country's national holiday calendar.
Three men have been reported to prosecutors after a nativity doll was stolen from outside a church in Inverness.
Nigeria's main opposition party has won most of the 36 state governorships in the country's first elections since the end of military rule.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Stanley Park in north-west Liverpool.
Former Manchester United and Juventus striker Carlos Tevez has completed his move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A court has ordered "rambling naked" TV presenter Stephen Gough to wear clothing to prevent him being convicted of indecent exposure.
The appeal to raise funds to restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Mackintosh building has received a major donation.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal of the Championship season as Wolves made it two wins from their opening two games with victory over Middlesbrough.
Bristol have suspended head coach Tommy Robinson and replaced him with assistant Mark Tainton following a poor start to the season.
Munster wedi dweud ei gêm olaf i'r Scarlets yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad.
Clouds, or "clouds" as they are sometimes referred to, have a reputation for being mysterious, misty and mysterious.
In our series of letters from European capitals, the IMF's Christine Lagarde looks at the impact of the financial crisis in Iceland, Cyprus and the rest of Europe.
The Duke of Cambridge has said looking after a three-week-old baby is "right up there" with his search and rescue duties after a visit to Anglesey.
Last month, two journalists were killed in Mexico.
Yum Brands, the owner of Taco Bell, KFC and Taco Bell restaurants, has reported a rise in profits, helped by a recovery in its Chinese business.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games.
The US House of Representatives has withdrawn its vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill after failing to win enough Republican support.
If you were wondering what George and Amal Clooney's names were going to be, here is your answer.
A law firm has said it is "extremely seriously" concerned by reports that it offered free legal advice to people who survived the Grenfell Tower fire.
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol are "significantly higher" than in similar prisons, according to an inspection report.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued for allegedly misleading visitors into thinking they have to pay $25 (Â£18.50) for admission.
Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton has denied that she is not a "progressive", after her primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, accused her of not being a "real progressive".
Alloa Athletic have appointed Scott Ross as their new head coach after agreeing terms with the Championship club.
US President Donald Trump has said it would be "better to get along with Russia's President Vladimir Putin than not.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top-class defender.
Plans to develop a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Worcestershire are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England in 42 years", a conservation charity has said.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a family-friendly carnival in Gwynedd which includes a bog snorkelling competition.
Former US National Football League (NFL) star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out holding a second independence referendum this year.
A Liverpool fan has told the Hillsborough inquests he was asked by police to change his statement.
An independent investigation has been ordered into claims Avon Fire and Rescue Service officers made complaints against the authority, the fire service's chairman has said.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 and other European markets were higher on Friday, following volatile trading in China's stock markets.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The Forth Road Bridge will reopen to all traffic on completion of urgent repair work, the transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust following a £7.8m overspend.
More than 1,000 packets of cigarettes have been found dumped in the back of a car in Dorset.
Comedian Jenny Toksvig has said she would be a fan of more female hosts on quiz shows, despite the BBC's all-male panel ban.
The crash of a helicopter in Norway in April may have been caused by fatigue in the gearbox system, investigators have said.
The number of people visiting the Scottish Borders town centre increased last year, according to new figures.
Domestic abusers who commit acts of domestic violence are to be offered "safe spaces" where they will be offered support to help them deal with their offending.
Newport Gwent Dragons wing Keelan Giles will replace injured Ospreys team-mate Hallam Amos in Wales' Six Nations squad.
Wladimir Klitschko has a "chink in his armour" as he prepares for his world heavyweight title rematch with Britain's Anthony Joshua, says former champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool Football Club and the club's owners are taking legal action against a fans' forum after it was accused of defamatory comments about the club.
A man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Derry came from behind to beat Mayo 2-17 to 1-16 in extra-time in the All-Ireland SFC semi-final at Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith's "courage" after he returned to the side following injury.
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea narrowly missed out on a hat-trick of wins as Chaz Davies won Sunday's second race at Aragon.
More than 20% of independent school candidates in England took extra time to complete their GCSE and A-level exams last year.
New York Giants have held trials for South Sydney Rabbitohs forward Sam Burgess.
Doncaster maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a hard-fought win at Stevenage.
More than 2 million people in Nepal do not have citizenship documents, according to the country's election commission.
Castleford Tigers moved seven points clear at the top of Super League with a hard-fought victory over bottom side St Helens.
Manchester United's season came to a disappointing end at West Ham United's Boleyn Ground as the Hammers' final home game at Upton Park ended in defeat.
The route of the 2016 Tour de France will be held in Germany, organisers have announced.
NHS Lothian has been told to take urgent action after a report raised "serious concerns" about the quality of care at a mental health unit in Edinburgh.
Eight people have been charged in connection with the discovery of a multi-million pound sex trafficking ring.
A lawyer for Guatemala's former military chief, Gen Efrain Rios Montt, has been shot dead.
The producer of Rocky and Raging Bull, Steven Soderbergh's best picture Oscar-winning film Rocky, has died aged 71.
More than 10,000 people have attended a commemoration to mark the 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup final victory over West Germany.
A new unit to tackle online hate crime in London has been launched by the capital's mayor.
How do you keep track of where you have been and what you have done online?
Shares in Carlsberg, the Danish brewer of Kronenbourg and Holsten Pilsner, have fallen sharply after it reported a sharp fall in sales in Ukraine.
The mother of missing toddler Ben Needham has said she believes someone on the Greek island of Kos may have information about her son's disappearance.
Driving test examiners have voted to take industrial action in a row over plans to close some of the UK's coastguard stations and close driver and vehicle licensing offices.
Ten-man Carlisle United and 10-man Cambridge United played out a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in Birmingham.
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent are to make a complaint to the Electoral Commission over the government's decision to back plans to buy the site.
In a dark corner of the University Hospital in the rebel-held town of Bambari, in the Central African Republic (CAR), a woman named Gerizapa was being treated for gunshot wounds.
Former WBA and IBF world champion Carl Froch says he is determined to return to the ring in December to defend his titles.
Mark Quince, the MP for Colchester, has been making a passionate defence of the value of local theatres to the local economy.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, the first of its kind to form in this time of year.
The Queen has said the Wales Bill will be published "as soon as possible" in the Queen's Speech.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year deal with Glasgow Warriors.
Five people accused of trying to smuggle £1m of heroin into the UK by stuffing a speaker in the boot of a car with the drug have gone on trial.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food, according to a survey.
A council has said it has had to place six children in residential care outside of Kent due to an influx of unaccompanied child asylum seekers.
England's top players deserve to be paid more money, according to Rugby Players' Association chief Ian Hopley.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of money laundering, drug offences and possessing a shotgun.
Officials in the US state of Florida are searching for a giant copper-coloured snake that escaped from its Florida home.
Glenavon have been given a suspended three-game ban by the Football Association of Northern Ireland's Disciplinary Committee following their 3-0 defeat by Glentoran on Saturday.
Two men who died when their light aircraft crashed in a field in Powys have been named by police.
Kent were left to rue a lacklustre first-innings total of 146-7 as Northamptonshire took control at Beckenham.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news in Egypt has been opened with the defendants' lawyers playing video clips of their alleged crimes.
The UK's Supreme Court is considering whether to allow a couple to sue the government over claims they were tortured by US and UK forces in Libya in 2004.
An Australian woman whose grandfather died in a plane crash in New Zealand has said she is still waiting to find out if she has been granted a visa to attend his funeral.
A man has been found not guilty of attempting to murder a Muslim man on a train.
Drivers have been warned to expect delays after heavy downpours caused by Storm Imogen battered parts of Scotland.
The Welsh Government has said it is "extremely concerned" by the BBC's decision to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios.
Comedian Frankie and the Diddymen's Ronnie Dodd has topped the chart for the first time in the UK singles chart of the 1960s.
Eight-time Isle of Man TT winner Alan Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after crashing in Sunday's Superbike race at Knockhill.
The resignation of Baroness Warsi was always going to be seen as a move designed to undermine the prime minister.
Novak Djokovic and his doubles partner Milos Raonic were knocked out of the Olympic men's doubles in the second round.
A former CIA station chief in Italy who was convicted for his role in the kidnapping of a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama.
England's Jamie Milkins says his first win of the season at the UK Championship eased the pressure on him after a five-match losing streak.
Police investigating the murder of Dublin man Gerard Byrne have launched a major search operation in the Republic of Ireland.
A new artificial football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final.
A new home has been found for the Newport Ship, one of the UK's most important archaeological finds.
Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been arrested over an alleged assault on a reporter at a rally in Florida.
Two people have been fined for failing to ensure the safety of an employee who was killed when two coal stacks fell on top of him at a fuel depot in March 2013.
More than 1,500 landlords in Southampton are refusing to apply for licences to let out their properties to tenants who do not live in them, a council has said.
Pepper, the robot designed to help people interact with each other, is to be deployed in hospitals in Belgium.
More than 1,000 people died in England and Wales in 2015 because of hunger and dehydration, according to new figures.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has described a planned veterans' march in Londonderry as an "act of pure provocation".
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing, saying it is "pained" that industrialists are being forced to leave the country.
Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) president Babatunde Keshi has appeared before the organisation's disciplinary panel in Abuja.
Human remains have been found in a wooded area in East Lothian by a cyclist.
Oldham manager Karl Robinson says the Latics' transfer embargo should be lifted by the end of next week.
A man has been injured after a taxi crashed into the front of his house.
Saido Nordtveit, Mohamed Elyounoussi and Peter Ruud scored late goals to hand Norway a 3-0 win over Northern Ireland in a friendly in Belfast.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during a visit to Moscow.
A man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named by police as 23-year-old James Hunter.
David Cameron has said he has secured a "significant" deal on the UK's membership of the EU that will put the UK in the "driving seat" of one of the world's biggest markets.
The end of a discount bus pass scheme for teenagers in Wales will be extended until 2018, the Welsh Government has announced.
A woman who stole £587,000 from her employer to fund her lavish lifestyle has been ordered to pay back the money.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Aker Solutions has announced plans to cut 650 jobs as part of a "global reorganisation".
The UK tax authority is seeking new powers to help it track down those who sell goods online without declaring their income.
Do you ever wonder if treasure hunters ever get tired of looking for buried treasure?
A song about fusing apples and apples with a pen has become a viral hit in Japan, sparking a social media phenomenon that has gone viral around the world.
A rugby player who collapsed and died after a collision with an opponent collapsed on the pitch, an inquest has heard.
Claudio Ranieri's first game in charge of Leicester City ended in a goalless draw against Southampton at King Power Stadium.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first met in New York in the early 80s, when they were both working as photographers in the city's subway system.
The English Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble at Wembley Stadium during England's World Cup qualifying win over Lithuania.
Newport County are "expecting to be honoured" by their lease to play at Rodney Parade, according to chief executive Gary Foxall.
Paul Lawrie says he is going to "bite the bullet" and have an operation on his injured foot to help him return to the top of the world rankings.
A man who took and posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" of women he knew to encourage others to post them online has been given a community sentence.
The Irish government raised concerns about The Quiet Man, fearing it would be seen as a "rollicking farce" by Irish-American film-goers, newly released documents have revealed.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend county.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent criminal lawyer who was killed in what is believed to be a case of mistaken identity.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating online abuse directed at St Helens prop Ben Flower following his six-month ban for punching a player.
Australian academics have called on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to close the country's controversial offshore migrant detention camps.
An elderly man who was caught speeding on a motorway with his mobility scooter in the back of a police car did not know where he was, officers said.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's national football stadium to mark the country's return to international competition.
Shay Logan says the support of manager Derek McInnes was a key factor in his decision to sign a new contract with Aberdeen.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a service to remember those who have died while serving their country.
Hollywood director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account after receiving death threats and death threats over his portrayal of women in the latest Avengers film.
The makers of the XO laptop, a device designed to help poor countries get their children to use computers, have been awarded a $1m (Â£700,000) grant to help fund the development of a tablet version of the device.
The US Copyright Office has ruled that car owners have the right to modify software in their vehicles to make them more compliant with the law.
American Jason Bohn is "stable and in good spirits" after being taken to hospital following a heart attack at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Australia set up a Women's World Twenty20 final with New Zealand or West Indies after a nine-wicket semi-final win over England in India.
Oil prices have continued to tumble after a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) failed to agree to cut production.
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been bought by a London-based property firm.
When German Chancellor Angela Merkel meets US President Barack Obama in Washington this week, it is likely that former CIA contractor Edward Snowden will be in the room.
World number one Jason Day won the Arnold Palmer Invitational by two shots to claim his first PGA Tour title of the year.
In the morning sun, the trees outside the Red Cross headquarters in South Sudan's capital, Juba, are a familiar sight.
The BBC's 100 Women season features inspirational stories from around the world.
The deaths of a couple whose bodies were found at a house in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are being treated as "unexplained", police have said.
The prime minister's speech to the Conservative conference on Wednesday night was a resounding rejection of the outcome of the general election.
The Scottish government is to introduce legislation to require health boards to ensure they have enough qualified nurses and midwives working in the NHS.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media insist that the country is completely free of neo-Nazis and fascists.
Greece and its international creditors say they have made progress in talks aimed at reaching a debt deal with the country's creditors.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia is still being treated for cancer despite his parents taking him abroad for treatment, doctors have told the BBC's Panorama programme.
The RSPCA has said banning dogs from sport pitches in Wrexham could "punish responsible dog owners".
Two people have been taken to hospital following a crash on the A470 near Bangor, Gwynedd.
Portsmouth goalkeeper Ben Carson saved two late goals as Hartlepool held the League Two leaders to a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
A sick sea turtle that washed up on an Anglesey beach is being kept in a tank at a fish and chip shop after vets said it was too cold to be left to fend for itself.
Rohit Singh, a 12-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, spends most of his day fishing for coins in the River Ganges.
A bill to lower the legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales is set to be debated in the House of Lords.
The police watchdog, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), is to investigate how officers responded to concerns for missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons.
New Motherwell assistant manager Neil Pearson believes his move to Fir Park will benefit the club in the short term.
A five-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father revealed he had undergone one himself has returned to school seven weeks after the operation.
Former Dallas Green Hornet and Texas Revolution player Kelly Welter has been appointed as a coach by the Arizona Cardinals.
UK political parties campaigning for the UK to remain in the EU should stop talking about "hard and soft Brexit", a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim he saw a video of Iranians unloading $400m (Â£300m) in cash from a US plane to settle a dispute with Iran.
A teenager in Belarus has been killed and injured another woman with a chainsaw and an axe after attacking shoppers at a shopping centre, police say.
Former enterprise minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied to the RHI scheme in 2015, before he was married.
The mayor of Paris has said she intends to sue Fox News over its claims that the city is "not safe" for non-Muslims.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has decided not to raise interest rates.
Ben Stokes says he has grown as a cricketer but admits he may have to take a "step back" when England begin their one-day series against West Indies in Grenada on Friday.
Labour MP Michael Mann has said he will vote to leave the EU in the referendum on 23 June, saying he has found it "impossible to argue the case for" remaining in the EU.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block at the University of Sussex have been submitted to the council.
Saracens continued their impressive start to the European Champions Cup with a bonus-point win over Oyonnax at Stade Francais.
A man who led police on a high-speed car chase through West Sussex has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC's 2015 Woman's Hour Power List.
When Choe Frasers was appointed to launch his company, he had no idea he would have to survive the Asian financial crisis, the global financial crisis and the rise of Airbnb.
Derby County held Brentford to a goalless draw at Pride Park to keep their Championship play-off hopes alive.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Matt Blair has urged the club's players to sign new contracts to keep them at Scotstoun.
Olympic champion Lizzie Armitstead has given birth to a baby boy.
A canoe has been found dumped in the middle of the M1.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League side.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City's fans still expect more from his team-mates despite their poor Champions League form.
More than 100 schools have been closed across parts of northern England and Northern Ireland after snow and ice hit the region.
Archaeologists say they have discovered what may be the remains of human remains from the worst outbreak of bubonic plague in Europe's history.
A primary school in County Antrim has been praised by the education minister after a father and his two children were seriously injured in an incident at the school.
American Airlines and United Airlines have become the latest US carriers to ban the shipment of trophy-hunting trophies following the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
The chairman of the Rugby Football League has said it is "extremely important" to "do London well in terms of rugby league".
European Union leaders are holding emergency talks in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis.
A 28-year-old police officer has been arrested following a hoax terror threat.
At least 21 people were injured when a pick-up truck crashed into people watching a Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans, Louisiana, police say.
Southend Town Council and Visit Southend have offered a free night in a guesthouse after TV host Ryan O'Grady was reported to have called the town a "shit hole".
It is not every day that you get to work at a company that makes all-natural, healthy snack food and find yourself being asked to apply for a job at its door.
There are many ways to measure out the Obama presidency.
Former South Africa Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said he would support the legalisation of assisted suicide for the terminally ill.
British airline Monarch has said customers are booking in "big numbers" in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris.
Two men have been convicted of murdering a man in a village in Dumfries and Galloway after they believed he had supplied the drugs which led to the death of their friend.
Electric carmaker Tesla has said it will increase production of its new Model 3 electric car five-fold over the next two years.
"You don't dwell on regrets, you just move on to the next one."
Bristol full-back Luke Arscott has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with the Premiership club.
Pupils have been banned from playing British Bulldog at a primary school in north-west London.
Business confidence in Northern Ireland is lagging behind the rest of the UK, according to a new report.
"A better investigation may have resulted in a trial nine years ago."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in central Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a £2.5m dragon sculpture in Wrexham are set to be granted an extension to allow work to start on the project.
Nottinghamshire's relegation from Division One of the Championship is like losing your place in the Premier League in football, says director of cricket Steve Newell.
A teenage girl has told a court she was raped and sexually abused by a gang of men in Rotherham in the 1980s.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to live more "simple, consistent and consistent" lives in his Christmas Day homily at the Vatican.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of Professor Ilham Tohti, who is accused of promoting "separatist activities".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become the first elected official to try out a high-wire stunt at the Olympic Games in the capital.
Watch highlights from Fulham's 1-0 win at Reading in the Championship game at the Madejski Stadium.
The Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania on Saturday has been postponed after a lorry crash on the M1 in County Antrim.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew has defended his side's defensive frailties after their 4-2 defeat by Hull City.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs and police in northern Mexico, officials say.
Imagine a town where none of the local secondary schools offered A-level qualifications.
The Lion King has been added to the US Library of Congress's list of films to be preserved for future generations.
At least 160 people were killed when a church collapsed in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
Moeen Ali says England's bowlers need to show India more respect if they are to have any chance of beating Australia and New Zealand.
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former royal official has told a court she did not fantasise about it.
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup campaign came to an end with a six-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in the second one-day international in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 16-year-old boy who went missing after a teacher and a student were stabbed at a school has been found by police.
Raith Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish League One.
Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson believes professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the 2016 Olympics.
Anzac Day commemorations have been held in London to remember the sacrifice of Australians, New Zealanders and Australians in World War One.
The Trump administration has announced new sanctions against Iran in its response to Tehran's activities in the Middle East.
This year's GCSE results are in, with fewer candidates entering this year's exams than last year.
The government has announced details of the preferred bidders for two rail franchises in the north of England.
Four people have been rescued from a capsized speedboat in the sea off Brixham in Devon.
Victims of historical child abuse and former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions have called for the remit of an inquiry to be extended to deal with abuse which took place outside institutions.
US chipmaker Intel has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of September as it continues to struggle with slowing demand for its PC chips.
The prime minister is to ask whether the UK can offer more help to Indonesia and Malaysia in their fight against Islamist extremism during his visit to the region.
Airbus is to get £2.7m from the Welsh government to help boost infrastructure projects in north Wales.
A first-time mum has written a letter to other mothers to give them advice on parenting after feeling "falling apart" at times.
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be replaced by midwives, it has been announced.
Scotland's education secretary has said he is confident the introduction of a new school curriculum will produce the results the country needs.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has been sold at auction.
When she was growing up in Tonypandy in the Rhondda Cynon Taff, Leanne Wood's ambition was to be a journalist.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow Airport could rise if the government goes ahead with plans for a third runway, new research suggests.
Great Britain are "confident" the Davis Cup final in Belgium will go ahead despite security concerns in the wake of the Paris terror attacks.
At least 10 people have been killed in a plane crash with a minivan in Ghana's capital, Accra, officials say.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was found dead in Brighton in 2011.
Kirsty Sugden has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the club's takeover.
Prosecutors in Japan have filed charges against the advertising agency at the centre of a high-profile investigation into the death of a young employee who worked 100 hours of overtime a month.
It's been a strange start to the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians prefer to pay emergency rates.
A cyclist has died while taking part in a charity bike ride in north Wales.
The odds-on favourite for the Derby at Epsom, Cracksman, has been added to the field for this year's Epsom Derby.
UK manufacturing output fell to a three-year low in April, according to a survey.
Five people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in Mali's capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced his retirement from football after four seasons at Paris St-Germain.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager.
Exeter City have re-signed former Republic of Ireland international Kevin Morrison on a short-term deal.
More than 43 million people attended UK sports events in 2015, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from treating patients in the UK after a woman said she was "butchered and robbed of her life savings".
The captain of the Costa Concordia, Francesco Schettino, has been found guilty of manslaughter and manslaughter by gross negligence over the sinking of the luxury liner.
Twenty-five British Olympians won medals at London 2012, according to BBC Sport research.
Welsh Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could become the "Ronda Rousey" of the sport, according to ex-Welsh mixed martial arts champion Neil Johns.
An exhibition of photographs of people dressed in their work uniforms has gone on show in Brighton.
Worcestershire batsman Liam Wells has signed a new contract to stay with the club until June 2018.
The operator of one of the UK's most heavily subsidised rail services has announced extra trains to ease overcrowding at Cardiff Central.
Lenovo has unveiled a phone that uses Google's Tango technology to track the dimensions of objects and add them to its next-generation Moto Z handset.
Thousands of Latvians have gathered in the capital, Riga, to mark the country's Independence Day.
People are being warned to prepare for flooding after heavy downpours in parts of north Wales.
A federal judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, as part of a major corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Moore, Jamie Baulch, Sir Roger Moore and Sir Roger Glover are among the stars taking part in a film celebrating life-changing moments.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused Theresa May of treating Wales "with a lack of respect" in the letter she sent to the European Council president to trigger Article 50.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help fight Islamist militant group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has announced.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the League Two club.
A man has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died following an accident on a North Sea fishing vessel in which a fuel pump was left running at full capacity.
A Denbighshire MP has said he "strongly approves" of UK government plans to allow English and Welsh MPs to vote in favour of English laws.
Police have said the discovery of a "significant" cache of weapons and explosives in County Antrim has "saved lives".
At least 35 people are reported to have been killed and scores injured in a gas explosion in southern Nigeria.
A chronology of key events:
Wales midfielder Sam Vokes says they can take confidence from their recent results into Saturday's World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland in Dublin.
Former US football star Jason Simpson is seeking a new trial for the 2007 Las Vegas sports memorabilia robbery in which he was convicted of kidnapping and robbery.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County.
German cyclist Thomas Kreuziger has been cleared by the Czech Olympic Committee to race in the 2014 Tour de France.
The Stakeknife inquiry, which is to be held in connection with the murders of up to 50 people during Northern Ireland's Troubles, is being used as a political football by the British government, it has been claimed.
Supermarket chain Tesco has apologised after using a picture of an organic farm worker from 10 years ago to promote its food waste campaign.
On Wednesday, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, appeared at a Facebook townhall in Menlo Park, California to discuss ways to boost India's digital infrastructure.
Zamalek have appointed former Genk boss Alex McLeish as their new manager.
Eritrea has rejected a UN report that said it may have committed war crimes and crimes against humanity in its human rights record.
A bus driver has been suspended after footage of a street brawl was posted on social media.
Actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in Poldark, has died aged 69.
A new law should be introduced to encourage the use of community-based heating systems to boost renewable energy sources, experts have said.
People who leave rubbish in wheelie bins outside their homes will face a fine of up to Â£1,000 if they are caught.
The family of a veterinary nurse who was killed in a road crash have said they are "extremely proud" of her achievements.
Tourism in Europe is on the rise, fuelled by cheap airfares, cheap hotels, cheap food, cheap accommodation and the lure of Game of Thrones.
A seaside music and food festival has been cancelled because of high winds and high tides.
The Indian Premier League gets under way on 25 April with the opening round of fixtures at the iconic Eden Gardens in Kolkata, India.
Google says it has made a significant breakthrough in its efforts to use balloons to beam internet connectivity to remote parts of the world.
Plans to develop a former Ministry of Defence (MoD) base in Shropshire into a multi-million pound development are "looking good", according to a council.
More than 80 people have been charged following a campaign to tackle drug dealing in Belfast, the PSNI has said.
Two children were unlawfully killed by their mother, an inquest jury has concluded.
The body of a man has been found at a house in the Thornhill area of Dundee.
A UK exit from the European Union could reduce net migration to the UK by cutting it by 100,000 a year, a report suggests.
The UK government has admitted it is in breach of its legal obligations to tackle air pollution, the High Court has ruled.
Adnan Syed, the US man at the centre of the hit podcast Serial, is set to have a new hearing to consider new evidence in his murder case.
Three pieces of gold jewellery have been found in Scunthorpe following a treasure hunt.
A businessman who allowed a man with learning difficulties to dive into a lake to retrieve golf balls has been jailed for manslaughter.
A man has died following a house fire in Oxford.
Swansea City striker Fernando Llorente has been compared to the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and John Terry, says head coach Paul Clement.
The Stormont Executive has failed to reach an agreement on a budget.
The father of a British-Iranian toddler detained in Iran with her mother, who is being held by the Islamic Republic's Revolutionary Guard, says he hopes public pressure will help secure her release.
US scientists say they have taken a significant step towards creating human-pig embryos for the first time.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai are holding a joint press conference in the capital, Pretoria.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous books in the history of American literature.
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have Christmas lights installed this year because of council cuts, it has been claimed.
Marseille owner Frank McCourt has announced the sale of the French Ligue 1 side to Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Sir Chris Hoy will carry the flag for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympics in London on Friday.
A father who took his daughter to Saudi Arabia against her will has been ordered to allow her to return to Wales.
Mae Ail Ryfel Byd Cymru wedi cael ei defnyddio fel lloches oed ger Y Drenewydd.
Plans to give English MPs the power to veto laws that only apply in England have been set out by the Conservative government.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are not getting the help they need to learn Chinese as a second language, according to a new report.
Invest NI, the Northern Ireland Assembly's attempt to bring in a new rate of corporation tax for companies operating in Northern Ireland, is in limbo.
Plans to increase the number of car parking spaces at Oxford's bus stop have been unveiled.
A gay rights group in Chechnya, Russia's restive republic in the North Caucasus, says it has received reports of a crackdown on gay people in the region.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgency" for his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to make a good start at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Russia's parliament has passed a new law requiring bloggers to register with the country's media regulator.
Spanish police say they have dismantled a criminal ring that used Chinese nationals to hire them as illegal workers in the hospitality industry.
At least 11 people have been killed in a knife attack on a train in the German city of Mainz.
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be delighted to return to the club as a player-coach.
Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah failed to defend his 5,000m title at the World Championships as he was beaten to silver at London 2017.
The death of David Cameron's son, Ivan, changed his politics, his wife Samantha Cameron has said.
Police are warning people to be very, very careful when answering cold calls from people claiming to be from BT technical support after two elderly women were conned out of Â£1,000.
The former Catholic priest, Fr Alec Reid, who was pictured ministering the last rites of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in 1988, has died aged 82.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said it was easy to "love" his players after their stunning Champions League semi-final win over Porto.
Farmers in Wales are looking at ways to improve the way they deal with milk processors in an effort to ease pressure on the dairy industry.
A woman has died and two children have been seriously injured in a crash on the M25 in Berkshire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says the introduction of tougher anti-racism rules will be a "defining moment" for the sport.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens says he plans to officiate at the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan.
Three Israelis have been charged in connection with the death of a Palestinian man who was beaten by a mob in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba in October.
Former Brazil captain Kaka has been called up to the squad for the Under-20 World Cup in South America in May.
Arsenal Ladies booked their place in the Women's FA Cup final with a 3-1 win over Birmingham City in the semi-final at Emirates Stadium.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod cynigion i ddarparu gwasanaethau lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU cyn yr ail rownd o drwyddedu gael eu cyhoeddi.
The Scottish Police Service (SPA) is considering whether to close its control centre in Inverness.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a consultant radiologist at a hospital in North Lanarkshire by slashing him with a razor blade.
Two Labour AMs are hoping to become the first to try to ban letting agent fees in Wales.
Doctors should give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery, the UK's medical watchdog has said.
Bruno Kazim-Richards scored the winner as Blackburn Rovers knocked Arsenal out of the FA Cup with a hard-fought win at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have evolved to become more vocal, but with smaller testes in order to compete with other males for the chance to mate.
Christina Rees has been appointed as Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's new shadow Welsh secretary.
A Romanian man who hacked into Hillary Clinton's private email account has been sentenced to four years in prison.
Train services to and from Cardiff Central station will be scaled back in the run-up to the Champions League final, it has been announced.
Survivors of historical child abuse in Scotland are being asked to give evidence to the inquiry into historical abuse of children in care.
A shopkeeper in the western Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he fears for his life after a video emerged of him defending a man who was being attacked by a man suspected of being involved in extortion.
Targets to ensure all children in Wales are "immersed" in Welsh by 2020 have been set by the Welsh government.
Three nurses who mistreated a paralysed man in hospital have been banned from practising for 12 months.
More than 1,000 items have been left at recycling centres in Surrey to help the county meet its recycling target.
On Friday morning, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to react to the deadly shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris.
A US soldier has been charged with murder in connection with a shooting at a police station in Afghanistan on Sunday.
BBC Radio 1 DJ James Bayford has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of East Anglia (UEA) in recognition of his contribution to broadcasting.
Volunteers who work to keep beaches in the Isle of Man clean have been awarded a grant of more than Â£1.5m by the Manx government.
British number three James Ward stunned American John Isner to give Great Britain a 2-0 lead in their Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States.
A huge underwater forest of ancient trees has been discovered in the sea off the Norfolk coast.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,800 worth of heroin and cannabis into a prison has been jailed for two years.
Lectures have been cancelled at Swansea University after a controlled explosion was carried out following concerns about the safe storage of chemicals.
Gambling revenues in Macau, China's special administrative region, have set a record for 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos to create art inspired by the refugee crisis.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to appear before MPs to explain the findings of the inquiry into the conflict.
Mae'r rheithgor wedi cael ei ddefnyddio Taser gan Matthew Williams yn y gorffennol yn Sir Caerffili.
The value of the pound against the US dollar has seen a dramatic fall since the referendum result.
Whistleblowers in the public sector must be given better protection, MPs have said, after highlighting the "appalling treatment" of officials who try to whistle-blowers.
Sydney's Opera House in Australia switched off its lights as part of Earth Hour.
Thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who died after being held in a coma in North Korea last week.
Mark Maguire says it is "embarrassing" that he "never showed up" for his World Championship first-round match at the Crucible.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) has been defeated by a far-right nationalist party in a regional election, which was seen as a test of her refugee policy.
One in four men and one in 20 women in the world is a daily smoker, but the number of people dying from tobacco-related diseases has increased, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the sport is not putting on a good show despite drivers' claims it is.
Steel firm Tata Steel has been fined and ordered to pay Â£930,000 after it released a chemical that could have caused serious injury or death.
Leaders of Northern Ireland's main political parties are due to meet the prime minister in London later to discuss a possible deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour and his bodyguards have been killed in a gunfight in Pakistan's southern city of Quetta, Taliban sources say.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
An inquest into the death of a man who was found stabbed to death at a house in Leicestershire has opened.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested after a man was found with serious injuries in Glasgow city centre.
Restrictions on travelling fans for Chester v Wrexham could be lifted if there is no trouble at the game, police have said.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed midfielder Jan Klich on a short-term deal until January 2017.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a quantity of paint was splashed on the front of a County Antrim community hall.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing an embassy in London where Julian Assange is seeking asylum.
In the aftermath of Saudi Arabia and the UK's call for President Bashar al-Assad to leave power, there has been a flurry of diplomacy aimed at finding a political solution to the conflict in Syria.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims by Algeria's goalball team that they have failed to arrive in Rio for their first two matches at the 2016 Paralympics.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants at sea, after the New York Times described it as "inhumane".
Plans to build a new tennis court for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been submitted to a council.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has warned that local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for refugees in the UK's resettlement programme.
A man has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in north Belfast.
The UK is to build the satellite that will guide Europe's next mission to the Solar System, Solar Orbiter (SolO).
It's been a long time since Scotland's first minister said anything to set the stage for a second independence referendum.
The Northern Ireland economy has grown in real terms in the three months to September, according to a new report.
It is one of Scotland's oldest and most famous rowing rivalries.
The UK's largest building society, Nationwide, has reported a sharp fall in the value of its buy-to-let mortgage lending.
The black box of a Russian jet shot down by Turkey in Syria in November has been opened for the first time since the incident.
Kent have signed South African batsman Sean Dickson on a professional contract.
A six-year-old boy is in hospital after his foot was blistered when he stepped on a barbecue that had been dumped on a beach.
A Labour MP is to warn that the EU referendum could be the "second-longest suicide note" in the party's history.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in Lancashire.
Sepp Blatter has never been one to mince words.
Disney World in Florida has installed a sculpture of a lighthouse to commemorate the family of a boy who was killed by an alligator while visiting the resort.
Michael Gove has said he accepts that his sacking by Theresa May was the "right thing to do".
Scotland's top prosecutor has called for the UK to remain a "fully committed and active participant" in European law enforcement agencies after the referendum result.
A court in India has asked Bollywood star Salman Khan to appear in court in connection with a 2002 hit-and-run crash in which five people were killed.
Residents of a new housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had never moved in because of poor broadband speeds.
An Australian man who helped seven would-be jihadists travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group has said he is "really sorry" for what he has done.
GPs in England are being forced to run 10-minute consultations, the British Medical Association (BMA) has said.
Craft distilleries in Scotland and England are so good that global drinks giants are getting out their chequebooks to buy them, according to a report.
Changes to stamp duty could have a "significant negative impact" on the Welsh budget if they are used as a benchmark for how much the Welsh Government receives from the UK Treasury, experts have warned.
South Korea's president has announced plans to raise the wreck of the Sewol ferry that capsized in the South Korean port town of Jindo on Sunday.
A woman has told an inquest how she received a text from her children saying their father was going to kill himself after learning his marriage was over.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick moved into a share of the lead after round one of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
Parks in England and Wales are at a "tipping point" as local authorities cut their budgets for looking after them, according to a report by MPs.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi made headlines around the world in 2014 for his use of social media during and after the country's key state elections.
A rare book by a 19th Century naturalist has been returned to Hereford Cathedral School after it was discovered in the school's collection.
Hull City striker Lewis Clucas has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Premier League club.
Two foetuses have died after a gynaecologist in an Italian hospital refused to carry out an emergency abortion on a pregnant woman who later died.
Singer-songwriters Duran Duran are suing a US fan club company for failing to pay them for managing their fan club.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" after beating American Sam Querrey in the Shanghai Masters first round.
A man who raped a woman who was "further tormented" after her family refused to believe her when she reported it, a court has heard.
Work is under way to increase the capacity of Scotland's largest container terminal to handle larger ships and bulk vessels.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being warned to be on the lookout for a "thug" plant that is destroying bluebells.
Arsenal Football Club owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the removal of content on his hunting TV channel, after it was criticised for glorifying the killing of animals.
A man who admitted sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl after meeting her for the first time on a school night out has been jailed.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape and murder of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
A man who died after getting into difficulty while trying to rescue his dog in the sea off the Dorset coast has been described as a "great dad".
A man who stabbed a Greek tourist to death in Cornwall has had his life sentence quashed at the High Court in London.
Former Aberdeen assistant manager John McCall has been appointed as Scotland's assistant manager for the forthcoming World Cup qualifiers.
A team from the PSNI's counter-terrorism unit will be sent to Northern Ireland to assist with the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the north Belfast area.
A woman who killed a grandmother in a crash while taking part in a speed awareness course has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire to take the overall lead.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) do not feel safe reporting hate crimes, according to a charity.
A cyclist has been killed in a hit-and-run crash with a police car.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in a Spanish court to answer allegations that his parents and former club, Santos, were illegally involved in his transfer to Barcelona FC.
Voters in a council-run constituency have been given new ballot papers with the wrong candidates listed after a printing error.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams' last-gasp try against Australia was a "fitting end" for the World Cup winner.
"It's scandalous what the press has been writing about me," said Russell Russell Russell Brand, who used to play alongside Paul Gascoigne.
The oil and gas firm behind plans to drill for shale gas in Sherwood Forest is considering taking legal action against the National Trust.
Eight people have been arrested following a series of raids by police investigating the supply of drugs in the North West.
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for an undisclosed fee.
An escaped racoon had to be rescued from the roof of a house after escaping from its owner's garden shed.
A dog has been stolen in a series of break-ins at a business park in Flintshire.
A Rwandan court has sentenced a Canadian man to a year in jail for calling for the mass murder of Tutsis during the country's genocide.
More than 100,000 international students could be at risk of being put off studying at UK universities if the UK votes to leave the EU, a survey suggests.
The father of an Australian teenager who allowed his daughter to marry a man she had sex with has been jailed for seven and a half years.
The makers of the hit podcast Serial are teaming up with the makers of Star Wars: The Force Awakens to develop a TV series based on the hit series.
The current council tax system in Scotland is "unfair" and needs to be reformed, according to a new report.
More than 200 hens have been released into the wild after being rescued from the supermarket egg production system.
Hull KR have signed centre Curtis Naughton on a short-term deal from Super League side Huddersfield Giants.
Human remains found in a lay-by in Derbyshire have been formally identified as a man, police have said.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced he will not return to coaching.
A variation of a gene linked to an increased risk of having a stroke and heart attacks has been identified by scientists.
A teenager and a man have appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, in connection with the killing of a police officer in what officials have described as a terror attack.
Google has announced that it will stop taking orders for its experimental version of its wearable technology, Google Glass, from next week.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Armagh.
The African Union (AU) has adopted a resolution calling for African countries to consider withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud has announced a major security shake-up as part of a major overhaul of the country's intelligence system.
A farming supplies firm has reported a rise in profits despite what it described as "challenging times" for the agriculture industry.
US President Donald Trump has said special counsel Robert Mueller should be allowed to continue his investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the US election.
The High Court ruling that a father who took his daughter on a seven-day holiday to Disney World on the Isle of Wight did not breach the law on term-time holidays, MPs have said.
A prominent Burundi opposition leader, Pierre Rwasa, has been shot in the head by a gunman at his wife's hair salon in the capital, Bujumbura.
O2 and Vodafone say they are "frustrated" that they will not be able to offer 4G services in the UK until summer 2013.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State.
Plans to expand the Football League in England's top flight have been backed by the Premier League and the Football Association.
Restrictions on the number of non-EU chefs being allowed to work in Scotland's Indian restaurants have been described as "total insanity".
England captain Chris Robshaw admitted his side let themselves down in the first half as they were beaten by France in their opening World Cup warm-up.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after it was found to have a higher alcohol content than advertised.
Scottish boxer Michael Towell, who died after being injured in a fight, had been suffering from migraines prior to the contest, his partner has said.
Daimler, the carmaker at the centre of an emissions scandal, has said it will fix software in its Mercedes-Benz cars to allow them to pass emissions tests.
UK scientists say they have found a new type of cement that is more effective at protecting nuclear waste from the elements.
Pembroke, Muckamore and Woodvale are through to the semi-finals of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup after Saturday's fixtures were confirmed.
A football fan who allegedly threatened to cut the throat of Clacton Town fans during a derby match has pleaded guilty to possessing an offensive weapon.
A group of writers have announced a boycott of a PEN awards ceremony in protest at the French magazine Charlie Hebdo's decision to award an award to the magazine's co-hosts.
NHS trusts in England are still spending heavily on agency staff, despite a cap on the amount they are allowed to spend on them, figures show.
Up to 200 workers at a County Antrim window manufacturer are facing redundancy, a union has said.
Three times in the past three years Poundland, the discount discount retailer, has been caught on CCTV advertising its products for sale at below-market prices.
Two children and a man have been taken to hospital after the car they were in crashed into a concrete barrier on an island above a road.
A woman has been charged with murder following the discovery of a woman's body in a flat in north Belfast.
The world's leading philanthropists, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and the Pfizer and Children's Investment Fund Foundation have teamed up to develop a new way of giving women in developing countries to give them a contraceptive injection.
The police ombudsman's office is to resume investigations into 30 historical complaints against the PSNI, it has announced.
Australian police have launched an investigation into alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Strong winds and gale force winds have hit north and mid Wales, with gusts reaching speeds of up to 70mph (112km/h).
Five soldiers have been killed in a tank accident in Taiwan, the army has said.
The man who led the Fifa's investigation into the awarding the 2018 and 2022 World Cup to Russia and Qatar - former US federal prosecutor Michael Garcia - has been described by the organisation's ethics committee as its "independent counsel".
The Ospreys ended their Pro12 campaign with a bonus-point win over Connacht at the Liberty Stadium.
Teenager Billy Reid, who lost both his legs in a motorbike accident in May last year, has been testing out a new car designed to help him get back into motorsport.
A shop in Sunderland where a band, Pulled Apart By Horses, opened to sell their own album has closed its doors for the last time.
Luton Town have released six players following their League Two play-off semi-final defeat by Blackpool.
Algeria have confirmed the signing of French striker Maxime Benzia from French Ligue 1 side Lille.
England's best players will be paid to play netball after signing central contracts with the Superleague side.
The results of the South Wales Police election have been announced.
A drug that mimics the ability of folic acid to kill cancer cells has shown promise as a potential new treatment for ovarian cancer, according to UK researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of her last known sighting.
In 1994, The KLF announced that they were quitting the music industry after being ordered to destroy all copies of their 1987 album.
Marussia test driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after a crash during testing.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a derelict Victorian building in Glasgow city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to be the US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan's interior ministry has banned its officials from travelling to China for further education, amid concerns that they may be spying for the mainland.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of leading his side to promotion to the Championship will be "frightening" but "exciting".
More than 100 Scots soldiers are being deployed to Afghanistan for the first time since the last British combat troops left the country last year.
LP Pergolizzi never intended to be a pop star.
Chelsea maintained their pursuit of Premier League leaders Manchester City as they came from behind to win at Etihad Stadium.
Former British middleweight champion Scott Blackwell's trainer Will Wilkins has been banned from boxing by the British Boxing Board of Control following his sparring partner's conduct with the injured fighter.
A Liverpool fan who was killed in the Hillsborough disaster tried to find her son to identify him from a Polaroid photograph, the inquests have heard.
An Edinburgh-based artist has created a robot that will be one of the main attractions at this year's Inverness Design Festival.
League Two side Cambridge United will play Premier League side Manchester United in the FA Cup fourth round.
Defender Jack O'Donnell, midfielder Manny Smith and midfielder Jack Mafuta have all signed new undisclosed-length deals with National League side Gateshead.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is expected to name an unchanged squad from the side that lost to Monaco in the Champions League final.
National League side Barrow have parted company with manager Kevin Cox following a poor start to the season.
A beekeeper who died after being stung by a bee in his protective beekeeping suit, an inquest has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to beat Torquay United 5-4 in the National League.
Rev Mark Lawan's daughter Monica and her adopted daughter Sarah were among the Chibok schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in Nigeria in April 2014.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill that would make it easier for parents to avoid criminal charges for smacking their children.
The British government is being sued in the High Court in London for allegedly failing to protect Kenyans during the Mau Mau uprising in 1952.
Defender Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with Ross County.
Prince Harry has been photographed riding on the back of a crocodile while helping wildlife rangers in Australia's Northern Territory.
England umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after being hit on the head by a ball in the first innings.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the company's sponsorship of the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Thousands of native crayfish are being re-introduced to Wales in a bid to reverse the decline of the species.
More than 100 people had to be evacuated from the O2 after a fire broke out at a restaurant attached to the venue.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set for a boost at the North American box office following its success at the Oscars.
The US state of New York is to launch an investigation into why water at the base of Niagara Falls turned an "inky" yellow colour.
Dundee striker Ryan O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings if they were to leave Dens Park.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympic Games are getting under way in Norway.
A UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group in protest at what he sees as the council's lack of action on Manston Airport.
Exam watchdog Ofqual has been accused by a leading education magazine of failing to protect pupils' GCSE grades in England's summer exams.
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition backing the Yemeni government in the south-western province of Hajja, residents say.
Bethlehem is one of the most famous cities in the Holy Land for Christians celebrating Christmas Eve.
Dyfed-Powys Police has been rated as "requires improvement" in annual "legitimacy" assessments by the police watchdog.
A make-up artist from Pembrokeshire has been praised by actor Leonardo DiCaprio for her "unbelievable talent" at the Golden Globes.
An anonymous donor has paid for the treatment of a terminally ill boy with a rare form of leukaemia, his mother has said.
A European court has ruled that the European Commission's decision to fine Air France-KLM and Lufthansa for breaking EU anti-dumping rules was invalid.
Bournemouth will not rest on their laurels despite the belief they are safe from relegation, says striker Joshua King.
Up to 19,000 people have been evacuated from besieged rebel-held districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal with government forces, the UN says.
A year after a historic thaw in relations between the US and Cuba, the US ambassador to the island has recalled the first time he heard the news that the two countries had restored full diplomatic relations.
Marseille owner Frank McCourt has bought a controlling stake in the French Ligue 1 club.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured stunning images of Europe from space, showing the Aurora Borealis, the Northern Lights and the lights of Paris, London and Brussels.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of killing her baby son and hiding his body in a flat with his sister, who is in a critical condition in hospital.
Essex Town have signed midfielder Callum McQueen on loan from Premier League side Southampton until January 2017.
Highways bosses are considering alternatives to the A303 bypass around Stonehenge to ease congestion around the monument, the BBC has learned.
In the autumn of 2010, Saracens captain Alex Borthwick found himself in a rather unusual predicament.
Myanmar's security forces have raped, tortured and killed members of the country's Rohingya Muslim minority, the UN's human rights chief says.
A burst water main has left homes and schools in parts of Derbyshire without running water for up to five days.
Guernsey boss Tony Vance says his side's 2-2 draw with Northern Ireland in their FA Cup qualifier was a game they "could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six nations" that are guilty of widespread doping, says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The case of three schoolgirls who went to Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants has raised concerns about the government's counter-terrorism strategy, an MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be able to visit the set of the ITV soap opera for the first time in the wake of the success of Coronation Street tours.
A number of teachers at a County Armagh secondary school called in sick on Friday in what is believed to be a row over the handling of an incident at the school.
Cesare Gavazzini's vineyard in rural Sicily is home to one of the most notorious criminal gangs in the world - the "rural Mafia".
The BBC is experimenting with a way to control iPlayer TV shows and films using the power of your mind.
A new augmented reality experience to help visitors to the Hebridean Isles get a better view of this year's Celtic music festival has been launched.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Annalisa Houvenaghel has announced her retirement from cycling after the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Play at Wimbledon will resume on Sunday, organisers have announced.
Fifteen firefighters in Sicily have been arrested on suspicion of defrauding the fire service out of money they were paid to put out forest fires.
The number of suspected sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the last year, the NSPCC has said.
The US says it was alerted to a possible plot to bring down a US-bound airliner by a tip-off from an informant, US media report.
North Korea has said it has made significant progress in developing the technology needed to miniaturise a nuclear device for use with nuclear weapons, South Korea's defence ministry says.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms to mark the start of a day of nationwide "Day of Silence" in support of a peace deal with the government.
Richard Keogh's first Derby goal of the season helped the Rams to a 1-0 win over Grimsby at Pride Park.
A US appeals court has ruled that a mother convicted of murdering her four-year-old son's father in 1990 will not face a retrial.
The East of England Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told it must improve its emergency response times, staff morale and the quality of care it provides.
Huddersfield Town moved four points clear at the top of the Championship thanks to Aaron Mooy's second-half strike at Elland Road.
A BBC journalist has told a tribunal she was the victim of "direct political interference" over a story she was working on about corruption in the ambulance service.
More than 50 firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in Edinburgh city centre.
A group of climbers missing in Washington state may have been caught in an avalanche, a national park has said.
James Weatherson scored a hat-trick as Partick Thistle eased past Queen's Park to seal their place in the Scottish Cup semi-finals.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-Test series in Australia were dented as the Wallabies held them to a draw in Melbourne.
Cyrus Mistry, the ousted chairman of India's Tata Group, has launched a scathing attack on the Tata family, accusing them of meddling in the running of the company.
Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they are "scared" and "afraid" at the ATP World Tour Finals in London after the deadly attacks in Paris.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £2,000 by the Rugby Football League for staging their Super League game against Widnes Vikings as a football match at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has the potential to become a "top player", says manager Jose Mourinho.
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced his intention to run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Juan Mata inspired Chelsea to a 2-1 win at Sunderland as they maintained their perfect start to the Premier League season with victory at the Stadium of Light.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the capability to attack the US territory of Guam.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended higher on Wednesday after Standard Chartered announced plans to raise up to $5.1bn (Â£3.6bn) through a share sale.
An elderly man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has been found guilty of murder.
The number of Bengal tigers in the wild in the world's largest mangrove swamp, the Sunderbans, has continued to decline, according to new figures.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus will be out for up to eight weeks after fracturing his metatarsal bone in the 1-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
Five board members at Sport NI have resigned after a meeting with the sports minister on Monday.
Thousands of home routers and other devices running vulnerable software are being targeted by malware that infects them with malicious code, according to a security firm.
RB Leipzig fans in Germany's Bundesliga have been reacting to their team's promotion to the top flight with violence.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed following a crash in the early hours.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned after his visit to the United States to meet Donald Trump in September.
The battle for Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the offensive to retake Mosul from the so-called Islamic State.
Substitute Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Charlton twice came from behind to earn a draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman Gary Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the League Two club.
Footage has been released of a turtle being filmed in Australia's Great Barrier Reef in an effort to find out why hundreds of turtles have died near the reef.
Kyle Wootton's injury-time equaliser earned Scunthorpe a point against Port Vale to keep their League One survival hopes alive.
Mark Revell and Ryan Varney scored late goals as Ipswich ended MK Dons' unbeaten start to the League One season with victory at Portman Road.
Former Liberian football star George Weah has been elected to the country's upper house of parliament, the senate.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost to Bernd Wiesberger in a play-off at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
Wales international defender Mandy van den Berg has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Plymouth Argyle.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and striker Ruairi Keating.
Bonfire makers in Belfast have said they have had to park their bonfires in a car park on the outskirts of the city.
More than 1,000 words from Roald Dahl's children's books have been included in a new dictionary to mark the centenary of the author's death.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has welcomed TVR's decision to build its next generation motorcycle in Ebbw Vale, saying it will be a "great boost" for the Welsh automotive industry.
Lewis Hamilton admitted he was "all over the place" as he struggled to a sixth-place finish in the Spanish Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 opened higher, but shares in Marks and Spencer fell after the retailer warned of a hit to profits.
Portadown have been given a one-match ban for fielding an ineligible player in Tuesday's defeat by Ards.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former official at a Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £5,000.
Astronomers have identified nine more super-massive stars in the outer reaches of a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way.
Roma will temporarily close part of Stadio Olimpico after fans sang racist songs about striker Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth Argyle moved back to the top of League Two thanks to goals from Liam Threlkeld and Craig Tanner against Crawley.
Discovery Communications, the owner of Discovery Communications, has agreed to buy Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£10.3bn) in a deal that would create one of the largest US cable networks.
QPR have denied reports that Steven Caulker was involved in a pub brawl while having lunch with his team-mates on Sunday.
Singer-songwriter Barbra Streisand has asked Apple's Siri virtual assistant to change the way it pronounces her name.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to protest against what they say is the killing of a man by a policeman.
The former pharmaceutical chief executive who sparked outrage after increasing the price of one of the world's most expensive drug has decided not to lower the drug's price.
Derby County midfielder Chris Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" after scoring his first goal of the season.
A plane operated by Air France has made an emergency landing at Glasgow Prestwick Airport after a "smell of burning on board" was reported.
More than half of five-year-olds in Wales have been found to be in good oral health, according to a survey of children's teeth.
The Ulster Bank has said a weaker pound is helping Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors to grow at their fastest rate since the Brexit vote.
Developers behind the St Michael's development in Manchester city centre say they have "kept faith" with their "central vision of creating a "signature development".
A motorcyclist has died following a crash with a car in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders boss Pat Callaghan as their new manager.
A man who repeatedly shook a baby in the face to cause a "catastrophic" brain injury has been jailed for five years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez to reach the second round of the China Open.
Two men have been re-arrested on suspicion of murder following the disappearance of a missing schoolgirl in Leicestershire.
Chester maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a comfortable 3-0 win over Dagenham & Redbridge.
Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Luke Wood from fellow-National League side Bromsgrove Town on a one-year deal.
More than half of England's council wards have seen the lowest turnout in recent council elections, figures from the Electoral Commission show.
Bristol full-back Matthew Morgan has signed a new deal to stay with the Blues until the end of the season.
Conor Henderson has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch's future at the club is not in doubt, says manager Mark Hughes, despite reports linking him with a move to West Brom.
A portrait of Mao Zedong Mao, one of Andy Warhol's most famous works of art, is to be auctioned in Hong Kong in April.
Former football captain Sir Alex Ferguson's plans to build a mock-Tudor flower-shaped house in Greater Manchester have been approved by councillors.
Actor Channing Tatum is to reprise his role as a mermaid in a new film version of the Oscar-nominated film Mermaid.
A series of moths have been created in Hull to commemorate the achievements of aviator Amy Johnson, who died in World War Two.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said the government could "reset fiscal policy" in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
The makers of the Lumiere festival in County Durham have announced the line-up for a similar event in London in January.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in their second game at the EuroHockey Championships in Glasgow.
A father who won a High Court battle against a council for taking his daughter on a family holiday during term-time has taken his battle to the Supreme Court.
The parents of a teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said they are "devastated" by her injuries.
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honor for his role in the fight against the Taliban in Afghanistan in October 2009.
The UK should introduce temporary work permits for skilled foreign workers to cut the number of unskilled migrants entering the country, a report says.
A group of Crystal Palace football fans have been arrested after a fire broke out at a London Tube station ahead of the FA Cup final.
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh has won gold in the women's rifle prone event at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions to support the economy after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Olympic skeleton champions Lizzy Yarnold and Alex Coomber will be the first British athletes to win gold medals at every Winter Games since the sport's return to the Winter Games in 2002.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will be given an extra minute in each round in her WBO world super-featherweight title fight against Mexican teenager Claudia Salazar at London's O2 on Saturday.
Olympic gold medallist Liam Heath has set a new British record in the men's kayak 200m at the Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Under-18 Championship in the Czech Republic.
The final ship to be built at a dockyard in Bristol is leaving the city.
Too many care homes are turning elderly people's lives into "degrades in terms of their quality of life", according to a report.
The maximum discount available to new homebuyers in England's "right to buy" scheme is to be increased, the BBC has learned.
More than 3,000 cases of syphilis were recorded in London last year, the highest number in England, figures show.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man who was stabbed to death in Aberdeenshire.
National League side Portsmouth have signed former Notts County midfielder John Mensah on a two-year deal.
New Nottingham Forest manager Paul Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in their search for a new boss.
A charity in Australia has asked the public to help protect baby kangaroos that have been injured in bushfires.
More needs to be done to diagnose babies with a cleft palate as soon as they are born in the UK, doctors say.
Three school cleaners who went on strike in a row over their pay have been sacked days before Christmas, the BBC understands.
York City have re-signed striker Jamie Parkin on loan from Macclesfield Town until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out his vision for improving England's transport system in his bid to become Labour's next leader.
There is no need for a "one-size-fits-all" approach to dieting, according to researchers who have looked at a wide range of diets.
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by falling window frames.
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane says he is trying to stay positive after his side's World Club Challenge victory over Cronulla Sharks.
Satellites will be used to track aircraft in real-time in the wake of the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in skins from captive tigers.
The UK economy is "taking Brexit in its stride" but faces "challenging challenges", according to a new report.
A man who threatened to shoot police officers in the head with a crossbow after talking to a crisis centre has admitted making threats to kill officers.
Two new flights from Inverness Airport to Amsterdam Schiphol have been added to allow holidaymakers to fly to the Dutch capital without having to fly directly to Scotland.
Tommy Seymour scored four tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to stun Pro12 champions Leinster at Murrayfield.
Residents in Gwynedd have been asked to give their views on a possible location for a UK spaceport.
Arcade Fire have wowed Glastonbury festival-goers with an upbeat, upbeat set at the Pyramid Stage.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the dates for the 2017 Women's World Cup.
More than 40 people have been killed in Nigeria's Islamist militant group Boko Haram's latest attack, officials say.
The actor and director, Patrick Lally, has died in Dublin, the Republic of Ireland.
Middlesex batsman Sam Robson made his highest-ever first-class score against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Global warming may not be enough to save the world's coral reefs, say scientists who have recorded the worst coral bleaching in at least 40 years at a Chinese atoll.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen after Cyprus agreed a deal with creditors and the government to rescue its banks.
A terminally ill bowel cancer patient has climbed to the summit of Mount Everest in a bid to raise money for charity.
Volunteers in Gwynedd have threatened to move out of a church hall after it was found to be charging "unfair" rent and insurance costs.
Tributes have been paid to the family of three Britons killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils who take part in science clubs and field trips are more likely to develop an interest in a career in science, according to education watchdog Estyn.
Muslims in the US have offered to guard Jewish sites in the wake of recent threats against Jewish organisations.
Two brothers who carried out a "merciless, frenzied and savage" samurai sword murder have been jailed.
Pop star Frank Ocean has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows at Northside Festival in Denmark and Manchester Arena.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season.
A former aide to French ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably one of the people who should have pulled the emergency alarm" on his 2012 presidential campaign finances.
US President Barack Obama's first visit to Cuba since becoming president has taken place.
A fire on board a passenger ferry has been extinguished by the crew, Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for trying to cover up the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash.
The German cosmetics firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for a new range of deodorant was widely shared on social media, sparking accusations of racism and anti-Semitism.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with a 1-0 win over Exeter, who missed out on a chance to seal their place in the play-offs.
Former Wales international Mike Phillips has signed for Sale Sharks from French side Racing 92 for next season.
UK scientists have begun a new service to map the movement of tectonic plates in the Alpine-Himalayan seismic belt, where most of the world's big quakes occur.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister David Cameron's victory speech after the Conservatives won the general election.
South Africa will take a 2-0 lead into Sunday's women's Twenty20 series decider against England after Saturday's game in Cape Town was abandoned without a ball bowled.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has been accused of being a "part-time double-job" by the party's Wales leader.
An Easyjet plane has made an emergency landing in the Netherlands after the pilot reported a strong smell of smoke in the cabin.
Apprenticeships in England are not good enough for young people and should be overhauled to improve the quality and quantity of apprenticeships, a report says.
Plans to build a hydro-electric scheme near a waterfall in Snowdonia have been withdrawn after a request for more information.
A gang of drug dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin have been jailed.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has been diagnosed with brain damage after a pre-season friendly in Austria on Saturday.
Sir William Henry Stimpson, the father of the welfare state, had a word or two to say about what he meant by the word "welfare".
Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VARs) in Serie A is like "water polo".
A financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 new jobs in Worcestershire.
David Cameron deserves to find a role "comensurate with his talents", a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud's Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympics.
Pop culture and Western pop culture continue to influence the top trending hashtags on Twitter in Russia, despite political tensions between the Kremlin and the West.
Neil Lennon's decision to accept the Hibernian manager's job at Easter Road was a no-brainer.
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has signed for Turkish side Istanbul Basaksehir.
In a few weeks' time, voters in West Lothian and Livingston will be going to the polls to choose their next MP.
The Home Office needs to be more clear about where it draws the line over hacking devices, such as children's toys that connect to the internet, MPs have been told.
The Burmese government and seven rebel groups have signed a ceasefire deal aimed at ending decades of conflict in the country.
Venezuela's military says it has shot down two unauthorised planes suspected of trying to smuggle drugs into the country.
More than Â£1m is to be spent to improve mental health services for expectant mothers and their families.
The US has fined a Chinese company for selling goods to Iran and North Korea in violation of trade sanctions.
The number of allegations of sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic more than doubled in 2015, according to the UN's latest figures.
A man who stabbed his wife to death in a "a stabbing frenzy" after he found out he was the father of their two children was not his own, a court has heard.
France will keep troops in Mali for as long as it takes, the defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing China's alleged cybercrimes against the US.
Schools in Warwickshire have been forced to close after flash floods hit the Leam Valley.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in London's West End.
The prime minister has been urged to "come clean" about the risks posed to the NHS by the government's "extreme version of Brexit", the Liberal Democrats have said.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Shearer, the British actor who provided the voice for the characters in the new series of The Simpsons, has turned down the chance to reprise his role on the hit US sitcom.
Student nurses in England will no longer be able to get grants to help with their living costs, under government plans to scrap student loans.
Australia's environment minister has been ordered to reconsider his decision to give the go-ahead for a controversial coal mine, after the discovery of two endangered species.
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards-Ross says sharing her story of having an abortion helped her to "heal" after the 2008 Beijing Games.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border will not be a priority in the forthcoming Brexit negotiations.
You have been using Your Questions to ask SNP MSPs what you want to know about the Holyrood election.
Actress Michelle Dockery Jumbo has said Britain is "pulling the plug" on its best actors because of the lack of opportunities for them in the UK.
The government's plans for more selective schools in England may not improve educational standards for the poorest pupils, say researchers.
Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he feels like he is "being made out of glass" by the injuries that have plagued his Cardiff Blues career.
Ten years ago I was reporting for the BBC’s Ten O’Clock News from San Francisco, California, on the eve of the launch of the iPhone.
A multi-million pound science and technology development in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former England Under-19 coach Paul Grayson as their new women's head coach.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed defender Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford on loan from Stoke City until January.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive in May, helped by a rise in the cost of food and fuel, official figures show.
Plans to cut the top rate of income tax in Wales could not be ruled out, Plaid Cymru's leader has said.
British Olympic gold medallist Hannah Graddon has announced her retirement from diving.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains travelling from California to Seattle in the US state of Washington.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing websites, appears to have returned online.
Previews and team news for Saturday's Premier League games.
The world's international commitments to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels will almost certainly be breached, according to new research.
More than 100 people were convicted of animal cruelty offences last year, according to RSPCA Cymru.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard after she was found dead has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Colin Mulgrew says his side will have to be on top of their game if they are to beat Ards in Tuesday's County Antrim derby.
What do we know for sure about the world's banks?
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram says he wants to get the chance to "experience what is on the world stage".
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in qualifying at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, but the controversial new format of the final practice session was criticised by Red Bull.
A Fifa official banned from all football activity for two years has had his ban reduced to two years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in Inverness.
Photographs taken by a photographer documenting the early years of the UK's anti-racism movement have gone on show.
Sunderland's new signing Michael Vaughan says they need to be mentally tough if they are to succeed in the Championship.
The decision by the White House to pull the US out of the Paris climate deal was a major setback for Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says there is still room for improvement after their Champions League semi-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said a decision on which group will lead the UK's EU referendum campaign will be a "watershed moment" for the campaign to leave the EU.
Mauritania's Supreme Court is due to rule on whether to uphold the death penalty for a blogger convicted of insulting Islam's Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee car parts firm has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker was killed by inhaling toxic fumes from a paint stripper.
The UK's first submarine to be built at a North Sea yard has been launched at a ceremony in Cumbria.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says he wants manager Chris Coleman to sign a new contract with the national team.
Security researchers say they have found flaws in a tracking system used by global shipping companies to keep an eye on their assets.
Actress Joan Collins, who was made a dame in the Queen's New Year's Honours list, has been arrested at a protest in the Republic of Ireland.
Two goslings have been found inside a nesting box at a nature reserve in Nottinghamshire.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract with Burnley.
Rory Burns' record-breaking innings of 219 not out helped Surrey earn a draw against Hampshire at The Oval.
Landlords of Southern Cross care homes have agreed in principle to make "significant financial concessions" in a bid to save the company, the BBC has learned.
NHS trusts in England are failing to meet waiting time targets for treating people with cancer, figures show.
More than half of the world's animal and plant species will lose their habitats if global warming continues at its current rate, according to scientists.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger growth, with a record number of flights in August, including new long-haul flights to Turkey, Russia and Indonesia.
A former Labour cabinet member and a former economy chief councillor have been accused of misconduct in a report into the controversial sale of council property, the BBC has learned.
Arsenal and Chelsea will donate proceeds from the Community Shield to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
At least 248 people have been killed in air strikes by Syrian government and Russian forces on rebel-held parts of the city of Aleppo, activists say.
A man who was impaled on a metal post after falling into a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital died as a result of failings in training, a court has heard.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, has called for religious education to be made compulsory in secondary schools.
Two dogs have been killed in a house fire in north Belfast which was started accidentally by an oil tank, the fire service has said.
Plans for Oxfordshire to become a "one-to-one" unitary council have been backed by the county's cabinet.
Barnet have signed midfielder Angus MacDonald following his release by National League side Torquay United.
The Co-operative Group has warned that full-year profits will be lower than they were a year ago due to increased investment in its food and funeral businesses.
Nato has begun its largest ever anti-submarine warfare exercise off the coast of Western Europe.
A US rocket that was due to launch on Wednesday has exploded shortly after blasting off from a Virginia launch pad, officials say.
A woman accused of making a "firing sign" at BBC Radio 2 presenter Jeremy Vine during a road rage incident has appeared in court.
Scientists have reconstructed for the first time the full story of the impact that killed off the dinosaurs and wiped out most of the dinosaurs.
A South African minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a nightclub in Johannesburg.
J McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored as Ireland eased past Poland 4-1 to set up a World League 2 semi-final against Wales in Belfast on Saturday.
The number of seahorses in Pembrokeshire is on the decline, according to conservationists.
Tributes have been paid to Indian artist and sculptor Ram Chand, who turned a city in the northern state of Chandigarh into a world-renowned rock garden, for his "artistic genius".
British Cycling's performance director Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe bullying is the key to improving the sport's performance.
Doctors in Northern Ireland are to be asked to carry out a mental health assessment on women seeking abortions outside the NHS, the BBC has learned.
Exam timetables are designed to be as fair as possible to all students, but they are not always fair to everyone.
Zinedine Zidane has been granted a temporary licence to coach Real Madrid's reserve team.
Delays to the construction of a new road in Taunton have been "enormously frustrating", a council has said.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says James Maddison is one of the best midfielders in League One.
Plans to close police control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness are unlikely to be completed by the end of September, BBC Scotland has learned.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will never play for Sweden again after missing out on a place at a World Cup finals for the first time.
Burundi's public prosecutor's office says it has identified most of the people involved in the killing of a senior general in the capital, Bujumbura.
Singer-actress Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress for the past year, according to Forbes magazine.
Villagers in parts of Nepal hit by Saturday's devastating earthquake say they fear they will starve to death without urgent help from the government and aid agencies.
Cuba's president has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "old and hostile rhetoric" in his response to US policy changes on Cuba.
David Tennant has said he "chancened out" at the last second to include a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" newspaper headline in his new play.
The US Secret Service, which protects US President Barack Obama, needs more staff to deal with security breaches at the White House, a review has found.
Gibraltar has said it is in talks with Scotland and Northern Ireland about how it could remain in the single market after the UK leaves the European Union.
Drivers for Arriva Trains Wales are to go on strike for the first time since January, it has been announced.
Paraguay's President, Evo Morales, has announced he will not seek re-election.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are due to meet in Sochi, Russia, on Tuesday to discuss the conflict in Syria and the G20 summit in Germany.
Rebels in Syria say they have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the north of the country.
World champion Ronnie O'Sullivan secured a 10-1 win over Barry Hawkins in the first round of the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the 2015 assembly election.
A charity is launching an awareness campaign to help people spot the signs that their ex-partners are stalking them.
China is set to account for the largest share of the world's graduates aged between 25 and 34 in 2020, according to a new report.
Every bank worker in England and Wales is to be trained to spot the early signs that customers are being defrauded by fraudsters.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal constituencies in the UK, where Labour is hoping to make a breakthrough in the 2015 General Election.
Five Welsh rugby union players have taken part in recycling collections in Ospreyl.
Passengers were stuck at Belfast International Airport on Tuesday night due to high winds.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen.
You might think of a Shakespearean playhouse as a place where Shakespeare's plays are staged, but it turns out that it's actually a laboratory for academic research.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of expanding the Liberty Stadium.
Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association with misconduct following QPR's 2-1 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road.
Wales captain Jamie Barclay says the Scarlets' Six Nations title challenge is reminiscent of his time at Glasgow Warriors.
The families of those killed on Bloody Sunday in Londonderry have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier.
Chinese social media users have been reacting to a report that a teenage boy who was found on a Chinese Airlines flight from Shanghai to Dubai said he wanted to be a beggar in the United Arab Emirates.
The BBC's director general has said decriminalising the offence of non-payment of the TV licence fee would be a "huge risk" for the corporation.
A new waste-fired power station is to be built on the site of a former coal-fired plant.
During World War Two, thousands of black men left their homes in the Caribbean and travelled across the Atlantic to join the fight against the Nazis.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it was a "great shame" not to be able to field a women's football team at the Olympics.
A project to boost the number of a species of curlew in Dorset has been hailed a success.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to Johann Lamont's resignation as leader of the party in Scotland.
Shares in British chipmaker ARM Holdings have surged after the Japanese firm, Softbank, said it had agreed a deal to buy the UK firm for £24.8bn.
Edinburgh City will play Edinburgh Shire in the Scottish League Two promotion play-off final after a 3-1 win over Cove Rangers in the second leg of their semi-final.
More than one in eight workers in England, Wales and Northern Ireland has had to stop working for health reasons, according to research by the TUC.
An investigation has been launched after a hospital in Coventry was found to be at risk of catching fire.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone in 1997.
Royal Mail has unveiled a new set of stamps to mark the anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have had their credit card details stolen in a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
A World War Two internment camp in the Isle of Man has hosted a Pilates class to mark the centenary of the work of a medic who developed the technique during the conflict.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown home video footage of the moments leading up to the toddler's death.
Hospitals in England are expected to have overspent by £2.2bn in the first three months of the financial year, figures show.
David Cameron's EU reform deal could lead to a "surge" in the number of migrants seeking to live in the UK, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Former Tour de France champion Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport of cycling.
Malaysia has criticised a Swiss prosecutor's claim that billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a Malaysian state fund.
A Stormont official was told in 1986 that the use of the word 'Derry' to refer to the city as Londonderry was "politically motivated", a Stormont file has revealed.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died aged 91.
Pitch Perfect 2 and Mad Max: Fury Road have beaten Pitch Perfect to the top of the North American box office.
Microsoft has revealed details of the hardware that will power its next-generation Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio.
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has resigned after posting offensive comments about US President Barack Obama on Facebook.
It's International Roald Dahl Day, when children all over the world will be celebrating the story of Roald and Beatrix Potter.
Restaurant chain Pret A Manger has said it will pay all teenagers who take unpaid work experience placements.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the Gulls' new owners have "technically saved the club".
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her story Disappearances, which was shortlisted for the first time by Hilary Mantel.
The Egyptian authorities have launched an investigation after a series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt.
A teenage girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A vigil has been held in Edinburgh city centre to remember those who lost their lives in the Nepal earthquake.
About 1,000 farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh city centre to highlight the impact of delays to EU farm payments.
Alastair Cook's form has been one of the biggest talking points of the summer.
The former head of the British Army in Afghanistan has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" after recent attacks by the insurgents.
Lightning can strike at any time, but it is especially dangerous if you are caught in the path of the lightning.
Lotus has been granted an adjournment to allow HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to complete a winding-up petition against the team.
Northamptonshire and Sussex had to settle for a draw at Hove after bad light meant no play was possible on the final day.
Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin says Wayne Bennett's decision to appoint an Australian as England coach is a reflection of the changing landscape of international rugby league.
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from their opening two games of the Women's Spring Series with a 6-1 thrashing of Yeovil Town.
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a boy at a Jersey children's home in the 1960s and 1970s, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who narrowly avoided death in a year ago when she was shot in the head with a crossbow in Africa has said she wants to help a man who was wrongly accused of killing her.
In the 1980s, Viliame Matavesi left his native Fiji to work as a tin miner in Cornwall's South Crofty copper mines.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Kilmarnock.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with encouraging acts of terrorism.
The BBC News website has been speaking to former employees at some of the UK's leading high street bookmakers about the pressure they were put under to encourage people to gamble on fixed-odds betting terminals.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City midfielder Ryan Straker on a short-term deal.
Counter-terrorism officers from Dyfed-Powys Police have searched a house in Carmarthenshire as part of the investigation into the Westminster terror attack.
The attack on the main shrine in Thailand's capital, Bangkok, has been described by the prime minister as the "worst ever attack" on the country.
A West Midlands Police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women in their own homes.
Boris Johnson has been caught on camera apparently giving his wife a lift home on the back of his bike.
More than 30 people in County Antrim have been targeted by criminals who blackmailed them by asking them to perform sex acts online, the PSNI has said.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, has been back on the BBC Breakfast programme to try to explain why the government needs to cut the deficit.
A rare species of sea turtle that was found in an Anglesey estuary has been moved to a larger tank at a zoo in a bid to improve its buoyancy.
Erhun Oztumer scored a hat-trick as Walsall maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a 2-0 win at Swindon.
More CCTV cameras are to be installed in three Denbighshire towns in a bid to cut crime and disorder.
South Sudan qualified for the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN) after beating Madagascar in their second round qualifier.
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the nuclear deal will not change his country's policy towards the US.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania's School of Architecture has resigned in protest at a new Texas law that allows universities to ban students from carrying guns on campus.
UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot for the party's leadership after failing to submit his nomination papers in time.
League One side Walsall have signed former Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Walters on a short-term deal.
A Dumfries and Galloway primary school teacher has been banned from teaching after being found guilty of possessing and distributing indecent images of children.
A firearms instructor has won an appeal against a decision to strip him of his licence after he liked "highly offensive" Facebook posts about Islam.
American weightlifter Nick Vardanian has been banned from competing at the 2012 London Olympics after failing a retest for a banned steroid.
Cardiff City are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season, according to striker Conor Pilkington.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a soldier who became obsessed with her have told of the moment they found out she had been killed.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative leader in the House of Lords, has announced his intention to stand down.
About 100 people have been sent home from work at a County Antrim sandwich firm after it went into administration.
The chief executive of Dentsu, the Japanese advertising firm at the centre of an investigation into the death of a worker who took her own life, has said he will resign.
A man killed his wife by setting her on fire after she found out he was having an affair, a court has heard.
At least five people have been killed in an attack on an Afghan army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation has been held in Argyll and Bute on the location for a new nuclear waste dump.
The chairman of Google, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate in the UK about corporate tax avoidance.
Mozambique, which declared itself free of landmines in 2015, is emerging as a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore natural gas.
A couple who played Robin Hood and Maid Marian in a re-enactment show in Nottingham are getting married later this month.
Sam Main's goal gave Oldham Athletic a vital win over Southend United to keep alive their slim hopes of avoiding relegation from League One.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of one of the country's most important agricultural assets to foreign investors.
Bradford City came from behind to beat League One strugglers Shrewsbury Town in the FA Cup second round.
Prince Harry has visited a remote indigenous community in Guyana on the last day of his tour of the South American country.
A man has been shot in the leg outside a primary school in west Belfast.
The trial has begun in the Philippines of a man accused of masterminding the worst massacre in the history of the country's notorious Ampatuan clan.
I am a bit baffled by the Greek government's economic proposals.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay deal in a dispute over plans for a Night Tube service, the BBC has learned.
Swansea City Football Club has paid tribute to its honorary chairman, who has died aged 90.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis as cover for injured defenders Neil Alexander and Lee Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who was killed while on patrol in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
More than 332 acres of land has been burnt in wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of May.
The Duchess of Cambridge has been ranked second in a list of the UK's most influential women, behind only Prime Minister Theresa May.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Jimmy White to set up a Scottish Open quarter-final against John Higgins on Thursday.
Prince Harry has said he used to be "fired up and energised" to be able to make a difference to the world, but now feels he needs to "make something of his life".
A planned strike by drivers at London's Tower Transit bus company has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a temporary ban on Samsung Electronics selling its new Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the US, ruling that the South Korean firm did not break Apple's patents.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Newcastle Falcons centre Tyler Minichiell on loan until January 2019.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has agreed to buy a stake in US social network Twitter for an undisclosed sum.
More needs to be done to tackle sexism in British sport, according to a survey by UK Sport.
A collection of props from the original series of Dr Who is to be auctioned by the show's creator, Steven Moffat.
Rangers have won the latest stage in a legal battle with Mike Ashley, the owner of Sports Direct, over a deal to sell replica Rangers shirts.
A former chairman of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal with the DUP.
About 17 people have been rescued from a fire at a block of flats in North Ayrshire.
The first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to take to the skies since January has made its first test flight since the plane was grounded over safety concerns.
US artists have defaced the set of the TV series Homeland to protest against the show's depiction of the Middle East.
Sprinter Sacre, one of the most successful horses in British racehorse history, has announced his retirement.
Pilots' union Balpa has said it is "deeply disappointed" by a court ruling that it must give prosecutors access to the cockpit voice recorder from a Super Puma helicopter crash.
As the Conservative conference gets under way at Chequers, the party's MPs in the North East will be keen to hear how their party plans to solve "the English problem".
A spate of drug-related deaths and medical emergencies in south Wales could be linked to the same batch of heroin, police have said.
Domino's Pizza Enterprises, the Australian company that owns the Domino's pizza chain, has agreed to buy German pizza chain Joey's Pizza in a deal that will see it enter the German pizza market.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was stabbed to death at a pub in Gwynedd.
A man has been charged with the rape of a boy in Cumbria.
A former Venezuelan football official has pleaded guilty in a New York court to charges related to a multi-million dollar US investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa.
The last week of the US presidential campaign has been one of the most eventful in living memory.
Five women who were involved in relationships with undercover police officers have told MPs they were "devastated" and "shocked" by the revelations.
A Londoner who left the UK to fight alongside so-called Islamic State militants in Syria has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle himself back to the UK.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found in a tunnel.
The meeting of the Conservative backbenchers to discuss the fallout from the general election result has been moved forward.
What is the Football Association and how is it run?
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has set out her vision for Wales in her party's general election manifesto.
Bangladesh beat England by 10 wickets to win the second Test in Chittagong and level the three-match series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) says it has "strong evidence" that climate change is increasing the risk of natural disasters in Europe.
Newport Gwent Dragons back-row Matthew Pewtner has announced his retirement from rugby.
Former WWE wrestler Dusty Rhodes, who helped shape the landscape of professional wrestling, has died aged 74.
Scotland is the UK's biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union.
GPs in England are being paid to reduce the number of patients referred to hospital for unnecessary appointments, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho is set to return to pre-season training after missing the start of the season with a knee injury.
The director of BBC Two, Nick Yentob, has said he would not rule out the possibility of Richard Hammond and James May quitting Top Gear.
Bus users in Bristol have said they are "shocked" there is still no firm willing to run the city's new express bus service.
Paralympic gold medallist Andrew Davies has set a new British Para-athletics record in his first outdoor competition of the year in Arizona, USA.
I don't remember the exact details of the crash.
When Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura left his job as an investment banker in Japan to travel to Rwanda to film schoolchildren studying in rural areas, he was inspired by their enthusiasm for learning.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Ryan Baxter following his departure from the League One club.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme for Small Businesses (FLS) has come into force, with banks and building societies being able to borrow funds at very cheap rates.
A Canadian woman who accidentally bought a winning ticket for C$1m (US$700,000; Â£500,000) lottery ticket at a convenience store in the western province of Ontario has scooped the prize.
A High Court ruling that same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland does not breach human rights law has been upheld by the Court of Appeal.
A new mascot to replace Lance Corporal Derby XXX, who switched on Ashbourne's Christmas Lights in 2014, has been chosen.
Josh Parkin and Josh Frear scored to give Forest Green a 2-0 win at Halifax to end a 13-game unbeaten run and move into the National League play-off places.
A man has been charged with preparing acts of terrorism after being arrested in Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh has won the Tour of the Western Isles for the first time with victory in Saturday's final stage.
Eilish McColgan describes her left foot as "like a robot foot" as she prepares for the British Championships and Olympic trials in Birmingham.
Edinburgh prop Fraser Dickinson says they need to win all their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of making the play-offs.
The brother-in-law of one of the victims of the 7/7 bombings has been called a "coward" and a "disgrace to the Muslim community".
It's a dance move you've seen so many times in the modern world.
Scottish Power has launched a new way for customers to buy energy deals based on how much they use it.
US Senator John McCain has made his first visit to Syria since returning from a visit to the country last month, his spokesman has confirmed.
British number one Johanna Konta beat American qualifier Venus Williams 6-4 6-2 to reach the semi-finals of the US Open.
A teenage football fan from West Lothian who had been documenting his fight against cancer on social media has died.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband will be one of the guests at this year's Coronation Street Festival.
A campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of underage drinking in the Highlands and Islands has been launched.
Iraqi forces are using clouds to provide extra cover for their offensive to retake Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, the Iraqi military says.
China's environment minister has called on the government to make environmental protection a key plank of the country's new five-year plan.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the aftermath of the earthquake in central Italy.
Media in Europe have been reacting to the results of the French and Greek elections, which have raised questions about the future of the euro.
Archaeologists are searching for the remains of King Henry I as part of a project to find out where he is buried.
Comedian Jimmy Jones has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the Royal Welsh Academy of Film and Television Awards.
Mexico's Football Federation (FMF) has been warned by Fifa that it could be expelled from a World Cup qualifier if it continues to condone homophobic chanting.
The war in Syria has led to the looting and smuggling of priceless art and antiquities from the country's ancient ruins.
Mae Arberth wedi cael ei gadw 'nôl hefyd fel lwfans i aelodau o'r teulu.
Roger Federer says he would be happy to play Rafael Nadal in the US Open quarter-finals.
The board of Australian winemaker TWE has rejected a new takeover offer from US private equity firm KKR, but has accepted a revised offer from Rhone Group.
Crusaders held 10-man Coleraine to a 1-1 draw at Mourneview Park despite having a man sent off in each half.
A painting of one of the most famous paintings in the world has been linked to the formation of iridescent clouds, according to researchers in Norway.
The BBC Citizens Advice Bureau is asking you to tell us what you think about cold calls from telemarketers.
Max Chilton said he thought of former team-mate and fellow Briton Bianchi every five or 10 laps during his Indy Lights victory on Sunday.
Dementia researchers are using a mobile game to study the effects of dementia on the way people play it.
The family of a missing RAF airman have said they are "hard to deal with the uncertainty" following his disappearance.
Thousands of Sports Direct workers have taken to the streets to protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in areas with high or extremely high rates of HIV should be offered a test for the virus on admission to hospital, according to new guidance.
"It was a "punt".
More than 10% of lorry drivers in the UK transport industry tested positive for illegal drugs in the past year, according to a BBC investigation.
Last week's withdrawal of the last remaining rebels from al-Wair in Syria was a victory for the Syrian government.
Mashkel is one of the most remote towns in Pakistan's Balochistan province.
Thirty-two men have gone on trial in Saudi Arabia accused of spying for Iran, amid growing tensions between the Sunni-ruled kingdom and Shia minority.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Hull City defender Josh Watson on loan until January.
A British man has become the first Briton to paddle board along the length of a river in Sri Lanka, despite having to paddle past crocodiles.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Tony Slipper, has resigned in a row over sexual harassment allegations against former PM Julia Gillard.
The number of visitors to Belfast from around the world on cruise ships is on the rise, according to the city's tourism officials.
TomSka, one of the UK's most popular vloggers, says he has been "caught out" for not being "honest enough" with his fans.
Housebuilder Redrow's chief executive has said the government's housing White Paper could make it "impossible" to build new homes in England and Wales.
Leeds Rhinos winger Kevin Sinfield says England will have to focus on the positives after their World Cup defeat by Australia.
When Laura Robson arrived in New York for the US Open on Saturday morning, it was a typical Saturday for the Briton.
A Hampshire police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the job of West Indies' interim coach, according to reports.
Plans for a centre dedicated to the English Civil War have been given the go-ahead by a Nottinghamshire council.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Germany Under-19 international forward Christian Walton on loan until January 2017.
Laura Muir's British record-breaking 5K time is set to be ratified as official, British Athletics have confirmed.
A military court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former intelligence officers accused of crimes against humanity.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes, despite their 2-0 win in the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to convert a Victorian building in Cardiff city centre into flats have been approved by councillors.
More than 200 new minerals have been discovered in Earth's rocks in the last couple of thousand years, according to scientists.
A Malaysian teenager has died after being operated on to remove a foetus that had been living inside the abdomen of his twin brother for most of his life, officials say.
Scotland will have 13 athletes competing at the World Championships in London in August, the most since 1983, according to Scottish Athletics.
A school in Lancashire has said it is "confident" its pupils will be able to return to class after the Christmas holiday.
Australian police say they have identified seven Melbourne women who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State (IS) militants.
Mark Stoneman's century helped Warwickshire to a six-wicket win over Durham at Edgbaston despite the hosts' batsman being run out for a duck in the final over.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a "relatively small" impact on the UK economy, according to a report from the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's absence from Australia's tour of England is a huge boost for England's preparations for the Ashes.
More than £5m is to be paid to retired firefighters and police officers in Wales to cover compensation they were owed after they retired early.
Scientists at the University of York say they have discovered how cancer cells break free from their "tent" structure to travel more freely.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Spain's Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the French Open third round, where he will face Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba.
Luton Town maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a comfortable 3-1 win over Bristol City.
A new product called the Oculus Rift has gone on sale in the US.
What would happen if Qatar, the world's richest country per capita, were to lose its access to clean water?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Italy and France as he seeks to boost economic ties between the Islamic Republic and Western countries.
EastEnders has announced the arrival of a "noisy and brash" family to replace the Millers in the East End.
If you're a farmer, you'll know that rain is very important for your crops to grow.
The Conservative party has won an increased majority on Northamptonshire County Council.
Baroness O'Loan believes that dealing with Northern Ireland's past is as important as dealing with its present.
Newcastle United have signed striker Dwight Gayle from Crystal Palace and winger Matt Ritchie from Bournemouth.
Up to 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration, a union has said.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was stabbed and bludgeoned to death with a hammer in a "frenzied attack" has denied killing her, a court has heard.
Huddersfield Town moved to within two points of Championship leaders Leeds United with a comfortable win over 10-man Brighton at the John Smith's Stadium.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife after she was found dead at their home in the early hours of the morning.
The Metropolitan Police is a "dangerous place to be", the force's outgoing commissioner has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised after saying he "made a mistake" when he claimed type 2 diabetes was "not preventable" compared to type 1 diabetes.
A new film, Suite Francaise, tells the story of a Jewish author's last novel before she was murdered by the Nazis in World War Two.
More than 30 firefighters have been tackling a major fire at an oil refinery in Kent.
Spain's Rafael Nadal will defend his Aegon Championships title at Queen's Club in London in June.
Two men have been taken to hospital with minor injuries after a tanker carrying a cargo of hydrochloric acid ran aground off the Isles of Scilly.
It was a day of firsts for Donald Trump.
National League side Bognor Regis Town have signed former Liverpool trainee Jake Ngoo on a short-term deal.
About 1,000 people have been forced to leave their homes in the Australian state of Western Australia due to a large bushfire.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who killed himself at a West Yorkshire school have said they have been given time to review new evidence after it emerged he had been questioned by police in January.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2004-05, figures show.
The number of cannabis farms found by police in England and Wales has more than doubled in the last two years, figures show.
A jigsaw puzzle that was almost complete when four missing pieces fell into a handbag or onto a grandmother's cardigan is set to be displayed at a children's hospital in Norfolk.
An eight-year-old boy has been injured and a woman killed in a crash with a car at a car rally in the Highlands.
An education summit is being held in Cardiff later to look at the impact of education in Wales.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco supermarket manager after being told to return it to the store has been fined and ordered to pay compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won a Royal Television Society award for its investigation into the IRA's handling of sexual abuse allegations.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting next week's state memorial service for the victims of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac to protest against what they see as the government's refusal to honour the victims.
Manchester United have signed winger Adnan Januzaj from Premier League rivals Anderlecht on loan until January.
Hearts have asked fans to help raise £3m towards their £6m reserve fund to fund the construction of the main stand at Tynecastle.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino's lack of fitness is down to a lack of time on the training ground.
Harlequins will face Exeter in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has paid tribute to her "lovely" son who was "always joking, smiling, laughing".
England women secured their first win of the World Rugby Sevens Series with a bonus-point victory over New Zealand in Auckland.
A paraglider thought she was going to "die" when she was involved in a "very close encounter" with an A400M fighter jet, a report has said.
Firefighters have been tackling a large grassland fire in the Mourne Mountains in County Armagh.
A paedophile who bribed boys to give him money to build their teams of footballers has been jailed for six years.
When Josephine West broke her nose on the Tube, she knew she'd have to get used to talking to people with no teeth.
A nursery worker mistook a boy's spelling of the word cucumber for the word "bomb" after he drew a picture of a bomb, sparking a de-radicalisation investigation.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after a five-year-old boy and a baby girl were found in the boot of a car.
Police have launched an investigation after a man who gave a talk at Aberdeen University was attacked by a group calling themselves "transgender and anarchists".
Qatar began their defence of their 2022 World Cup qualifying campaign with a 1-0 win over Tunisia in Doha.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League group stage would be the "biggest achievement" of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given new skills to improve the quality of teaching as part of a drive to improve standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are struggling to cope with the pressure of winning.
A man has been found dead at a recycling plant in Somerset after his body parts were found at the site.
The full list of candidates hoping to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be revealed on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager.
The PSNI has announced the roll-out of 26 new local police support teams (LPTs) in areas with high levels of crime and deprivation.
Former US National Football League (NFL) star and captain, Troy Polamalu, has announced his retirement from the game at the age of 33.
A man has denied the manslaughter of a rugby player who was stabbed to death in Swansea city centre.
The UK's Stuart Bingham will face England's Judd Trump in the final of the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Plans to demolish and rebuild a Denbighshire primary school have been approved by councillors.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been told he will face a trial on charges of conspiracy to defraud the club.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Leeds United as they beat Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offered the chance to perform community service in the wake of his conviction for tax fraud.
League Two side Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as first-team coach.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for tougher sentences for those who cause death by dangerous driving.
A man has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a gang of masked men who broke into a house in Ballymena, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he was not aware he was on course to become the second-highest scorer in one-day international history.
Wales hooker Ken Owens is used to being referred to as the "super sub".
Alastair Cook's unbeaten half-century helped Essex fight back against Worcestershire at New Road despite rain curbing play on a rain-affected day.
A British man has been found guilty in the United States of plotting to carry out an al-Qaeda-inspired terror attack in Manchester city centre.
Russia says it has begun the withdrawal of its forces from Syria, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov.
Rafael Nadal came from behind to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals.
An elderly Brazilian fisherman has told local media that he found a piece of debris from a UK satellite on his fishing rod on Saturday night.
A teenager who told his ex-girlfriend he intended to carry out an attack on British soldiers has been jailed for five years at the Old Bailey.
A woman jailed for stalking her ex-partner's mother-in-law after she told her she had been given three months to live has had her sentence reduced.
At least one person has been killed and nine are missing after a building collapsed in an explosion on the Spanish island of Arona, officials say.
St Johnstone were knocked out of the League Cup after losing to FK Trakai at McDiarmid Park.
Holiday prices in the UK are so high that many parents feel they are being "priced out" of the holiday market.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over plans to privatise some prisons.
Championship side Fulham have signed striker Alex Cyriac from Belgian club Oostende for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Donald Trump has announced that he will be the next president of the United States.
German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who was found with a huge collection of paintings believed to have been looted by the Nazis, has died aged 80.
Scottish bus operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada have sacked head coach Tony Adams after his side's 2-1 defeat by Espanyol left them seven points adrift at the bottom of La Liga.
Three people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash in Powys.
A new £20m swimming pool will be built at Derby's Moorways Leisure Centre, the council has announced.
A secondary school in Oxfordshire has changed its name to 'Iffley Academy' following the rise of the Islamic State (IS) militant group.
(Close): US shares rose on Wednesday, lifted by strong gains in technology and retail stocks, but gold prices were lower.
An app that can detect hearing loss with just a smartphone has been launched in South Africa, but how common is the smartphone in Africa, and how safe is it?
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in south London.
World number one Andy Murray will miss his final warm-up match before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Voters in Denmark have elected a right-wing bloc that looks likely to be able to form a coalition with the governing centre-left Social Democrats.
Celebrities and writers have called on Newport council to preserve the "best public Machen collection in the UK" in a bid to save the city's reference library.
An Aberdeenshire man has set a new Guinness World Record for the longest continuous playing of the bagpipes.
A 15-year-old boy who was stabbed to death at a house party in north London has been named by police.
Pregnant and recently-pregnant women in the UK are being urged not to travel to areas with a high risk of malaria.
The Green Party has launched its election poster campaign in Brighton and Hove with a pledge to "stand up to the establishment parties on issues like climate change".
Labour has published a draft of its general election manifesto, which it says will be the most detailed in a generation.
Elin Jones has been elected as the new leader of Plaid Cymru, but she is not the party's first choice to be its first female leader.
The UK job market slowed down in May as companies took time to digest the result of the general election, according to a report.
Belfast Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart from Alaska Aces to join the Elite League side for next season.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their debts in time to stay in the National League.
Police in the western Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta) have detained a man who was seen walking around with a severed head of his wife's head on his shoulder.
Two Bangladeshis who were kidnapped by Islamist militants in Libya have been freed, officials say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of her son who died after he was rescued from a burning car.
The UN is considering publishing a list of alleged war criminals in Syria, the BBC understands.
A former Methodist minister tried to hypnotise four boys to make them fall into a trance before sexually abusing them, a court has heard.
The parents of a Briton who travelled to Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants have appeared in court accused of funding terrorism.
A ferry that ran aground on the Isle of Wight last month has returned to service after repairs were completed.
Up to 1,000 new homes could be built in Swansea Bay as part of plans to regenerate the city.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against rising water bills.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the Scottish boxer's "great personality" and father Barry McGuigan's Celtic heritage will help make him a star in the ring.
Archaeologists in South Africa have discovered what may be the earliest evidence of paint-making tools ever found in a cave, dating back to 100,000 years.
The Republic of Ireland's economy grew by 7.7% in the July-to-September period compared with the same period last year, according to official figures.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of a bid to make the city more "liveable and prosperous".
Abertay University in Dundee has been ranked second in the world for its degree courses in computer game design, according to a US-based survey.
It was a simple question, a simple answer, an easy to answer.
The Foreign Office says it is "urgently working with the authorities in Thailand to establish whether a British national has died in the country.
Great Britain women maintained their unbeaten record at the World League 2 hockey tournament with a 3-2 win over Argentina in Glasgow.
Ipswich Town manager Paul Heckingbottom has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's visit of West Bromwich Albion.
A takeaway restaurant has been closed following the death of a teenager who was found with a head injury.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for stealing more than Â£1,000 from a children's services fund to pay off her mother's debts.
A Cardiff-based company has been awarded a grant from the Welsh government to set up a new online insurance comparison service.
North Korea has accused the South Korean military of carrying out an "unprovoked attack" on the country's presidential residence.
Thousands of Afghans have protested in the capital, Kabul, against Iran's alleged blockade of fuel tankers crossing the border between Afghanistan and Iran.
A new online database has been created to help city planners and landscape architects identify the types of trees and shrubs that thrive in urban areas.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a serious knee injury.
France's Justice Minister Segolene Goulard has resigned from the cabinet in a row over fake jobs.
Comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on the US TV series Preacher, has died aged 61.
Sergio Garcia and Thomas Pieters moved into a share of the second round lead at the Masters with Rickie Fowler and Charley Hoffman holding on to the lead at Augusta National.
The mystery surrounding the bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres has been solved, according to new pictures taken by scientists.
A van driver who killed a father-of-two in a crash with his own car has been jailed for two years.
Leading Muslim countries have expressed uncertainty about whether they will join a Saudi-led military alliance against Islamic State militants.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has been sacked following the team's early exit from Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the League Two club.
Australia's David Warner has been banned from all forms of cricket until the Ashes after being found guilty of striking England's Joe Root in a pub brawl.
Plans for a safari park, water park and hotel have been given the go-ahead.
A Pakistani schoolgirl who campaigned for girls' education in the Swat Valley has been shot in the head by Taliban gunmen, officials say.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland has been appointed to oversee a review of the country's health and social care targets.
A doctor who took out a £10,000 loan from a patient with Alzheimer's disease has been banned from practising as a doctor for life.
A war crimes tribunal in Bangladesh has sentenced a senior opposition leader to death for crimes against humanity during the country's 1971 war of independence from Pakistan.
James Wakely and Richard Keogh's centuries helped Northamptonshire take control against Leicestershire at Chester-le-Street.
People from across south Wales have been nominated for bravery and courage awards.
A film shot in the Ceredigion valleys has won an award at the European Film Awards for being made entirely for free.
Ten people have been charged in connection with raids on traveller sites in Lincolnshire and West Yorkshire.
An Australian man with a love of Star Wars has redecorated his house in a Star Wars-themed Halloween costume, complete with a custom-made Darth Vader cape.
Oscars 2017: All the winners, winners, nominees and winners in pictures.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Jonny Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
Five people have been rescued by the Portaferry RNLI after their dinghy capsized in Lough Neagh.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Police searching for the remains of a murdered schoolgirl have identified what they believe could be human remains in a disused Forth and Clyde Canal.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university tuition fees after a week of protests by students.
Atlantis, the new series of Doctor Who spin-off, is back on BBC One on Saturdays at 20:30 GMT and it's a completely different show to last year's series.
Black Friday has "crowned its place" as the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, according to Visa Europe.
The US space agency (Nasa) says the Curiosity rover on Mars has made its first attempt to measure the gases in the Martian air.
More than 95% of children in England have got a place at one of their top six preferred primary schools this year, figures show.
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK's most famous people, including Dame Helen Mirren and JK Rowling, has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend leads England's Tyrrell Hatton by one shot after the final round of the BMW PGA Championship in South Africa.
A girl has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a dog that was allegedly "dangerously out of control".
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to "defend freedom of speech and political art".
Robert Kubica says he misses the prospect of racing in Formula 1 after two years out of the sport.
Former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Sally Bercow has been added to the line-up for the new series of Britain's Got Talent.
Hearts have completed the signings of striker Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon.
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister following the ousting of Tony Abbott.
More than half of children in England and Wales check their mobile phones while they are sleeping, according to research.
A rare Rolls-Royce once owned by actress and model Doris Dors has been sold at auction in New York for $3m (Â£2.6m).
A man who bludgeoned a takeaway restaurant worker to death in a "grossly disproportionate" attack has been found guilty of attempted murder.
Wild lynx could be reintroduced to parts of the UK to help control deer and boost eco-tourism, according to a wildlife charity.
Retailer John Lewis has announced the completion of a major refurbishment of its flagship store in Edinburgh city centre.
Ipswich Town have signed striker Aaron Samuel on loan from Reading for the rest of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.
Tributes have been paid to Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a train at a railway station.
A US student who survived an attack by gunmen at the University College of Nairobi in Kenya has described how she hid in a wardrobe and prayed to God as she waited to be rescued.
A man who left the UK to travel to Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants has been jailed for five years.
A captured Islamic State (IS) weapons expert has revealed details of the group's use of mustard gas in Syria and Iraq, US officials say.
The public will vote for their favourite sportsperson to win the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child actress Lupita Nyong'o has been cast as the character Hermione in the new Harry Potter spin-off film.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! host Christopher Biggins has been removed from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making comments that were deemed to be "controversial".
In 2007, the Danish government decided to change the way it dealt with cancer cases.
Residents in Gourock in Inverclyde have been allowed to return to their homes after a sea mine was discovered on the River Ness.
Fifa presidential hopeful Gianni Infantino has called for each country to have to wait at least two years to host the next World Cup.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager following their relegation from National League South.
More than 1,000 bells have been rung at St Mary's Cathedral in St Albans to mark the start of the Easter weekend.
Plans to convert derelict buildings in Reading into apartments have been submitted to the town's council.
Saracens prop Billy Vunipola is set to return for England's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Twickenham on 10 March.
Flooding on the Conwy Valley railway has closed the line between Conwy and Gwynedd for several days, Network Rail has said.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a father-of-two who was stabbed to death in a street brawl.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
At least six whales have been found dead on a beach in the northern French town of La Rochelle.
A hospital has said it is looking at ways to deal with parking problems at one of its car parks.
Eurotunnel has apologised to passengers who have been unable to buy tickets to travel through the Channel Tunnel due to increased security measures.
The World Bank has published a study on the decline in the participation of women in the workforce in India.
Leicester manager Craig Shakespeare will be without top scorer Riyad Mahrez after he missed the win over Chelsea with an ankle injury.
An MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Pupils at a primary school where a head teacher was suspended amid a row over a video purporting to show teaching staff making disparaging comments about her have returned to class.
Glasgow Warriors captain Jamie Murray says they are in good shape to reach the Pro12 play-off semi-finals after climbing back into the top four of the table.
A man has been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a crash on the M20 in Buckinghamshire.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for nine months after being found guilty of drink-driving.
French actress Catherine Lebeau, best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca, has died aged 94.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross will miss the rest of the season after being ruled out for three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Voters in Ecuador will go to the polls on Sunday for a presidential run-off after one candidate failed to win a majority in the first round of voting.
England will play Bangladesh in their first one-day international in Dhaka on Saturday after the team's security chiefs said they were impressed by the extent of Bangladesh's preparations for the tour.
More than 7,000 emails and passwords belonging to US government officials have been found on the open web, according to a report by security firm Recorded Future.
Scotland's Economy Secretary Kris Russell has called on UK Secretary David Davis to provide greater clarity about the UK government's plans for Brexit.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre says he is proud of his players for their performance at the Elite League play-offs.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Smith says she is confident of helping Great Britain qualify for the European Weightlifting Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool will not sell Spain defender Alberto Moreno to Atletico Madrid, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The architect of Dundee's new Dundee Art Museum has said he is "very happy" to see the progress being made on the project.
More than 1,000 people have rallied in the Italian city of Venice to protest against what they see as the city's growing gentrification.
Two men have been jailed for fly-tippers who dumped 42 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "significant opportunities" for Scottish businesses in China.
Jenny Yau was elected to Hong Kong's Legislative Council as a pro-democracy activist who campaigned for independence for the territory.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to secure their place in the Europa League semi-finals.
The recent rise in internet use in Africa has led to the introduction of new laws to curb cyber crime and regulate social media.
Voters in the EU referendum "lost faith in established political figures as opinion-leaders", according to a new poll.
In the run-up to the general election on 8 June, the prime minister and the Conservatives have been using phrases like "strong and stable" and "coalition of chaos" to try and shift the debate away from Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Johanna Konta says there is still room to improve after reaching the semi-finals of Wimbledon for the first time.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese side Guangzhou Evergrande for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of people in Leeds have been left without water after a problem with the water supply.
A Santa Claus attraction at a golf resort in the West Sussex has been forced to close in the run-up to Christmas Day.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is surprised she has not been asked to become UKIP Wales' next MEP.
Ghana's government says it is reversing its policy of keeping new nurses under a "bond" to ensure they remain in the country for five years.
The brother of a man who was trampled to death by cows in 2013 has called for more to be done to make public footpaths safer.
Comedian Bill Bailey has said it was a "shame" his tour bus was stolen from outside the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney's new five-and-a-half year contract with Manchester United has been hailed as a huge coup for the club.
Plymouth Argyle captain Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Shares in Japan were little changed on Monday, despite the country's latest growth figures coming in much better than expected.
Australia's Woodside Energy has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by record production and higher realised prices for its liquefied natural gas.
If you run an e-commerce site, you might be forgiven for thinking all your customer data is safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters.
A new code of practice for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches in Scotland has come into force.
Train services between the Borders and Edinburgh have been restored after a number of services were cancelled due to engineering works.
The number of Welsh rugby union and league players caught taking banned drugs is "off-the-scale", the Welsh Rugby Union has said.
Pope Francis has condemned the 1915-16 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman Turks as the first genocide of the 20th Century.
Following Lance Armstrong's confession to US authorities that he used performance-enhancing drugs, BBC Sport asked whether he has changed, or been changed.
If you've been to Glastonbury this weekend, you'll have been given a £5 deposit on one of the festival's new metal beakers.
More than 500 helicopters have taken to the skies at Inverness Airport for search and rescue operations.
Manchester City Women have admitted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts for drug testing.
Romania's parliament has voted to remove Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu.
Sky has apologised to its customers who have reported problems with slow internet speeds in areas of the UK where they use its broadband service.
The attack on the Houses of Parliament has exposed a "lack of protection" for Prime Minister Theresa May, security sources have told the BBC.
More than 90% of patients with leukaemia who stopped or reduced their drug treatment after 12 months have no evidence of their disease relapsing, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who died after trying to save a backpacker stabbed to death in Australia have said the world is "a poorer place".
Barcelona defender Luis Suarez says Atletico Madrid's red card was "totally unfair" after the Spanish side's Champions League defeat at the Nou Camp.
There are very few people from Northern Ireland working in the film industry in Los Angeles, but there are plenty of film-makers and animators in the video game industry.
Two men have been charged with drug offences after cocaine and ecstasy tablets were seized by police in Londonderry.
Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party is the latest example of how he has used his position in the House of Commons to make his views known.
In the midlands of County Longford in the Republic of Ireland, a town that was built to celebrate the arrival of the Industrial Revolution has seen its fortunes turn topsy-turvy.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Relatives of Scots servicemen and women who lost their lives in the sinking of HMS Lancastria in the English Channel have been urged to come forward to claim a medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the disaster.
The government has rejected calls for new powers to curb the growth of fixed-odds betting machines on High Streets.
One of Ethiopia's most famous sportsmen has announced his retirement from running.
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times is a Japanese media tycoon, Shigeru Kita.
Luis Suarez's appeal against a four-month suspension for biting an Italian defender has been rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have completed the signing of former Lithuania international midfielder Vykintas Sernas.
The US Soccer Federation says it will introduce new rules to protect young players from the dangers of head injuries.
Shares in Sky have risen sharply after the broadcaster said it had agreed terms for a £11.25bn takeover offer from Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox.
Two men have been arrested in connection with an investigation into allegations of historical child sexual exploitation.
Police are appealing for information after two men threatened a post office worker with a knife during an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
More than 2,400 teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors challenge in Dartmoor National Park.
A chronology of key events leading up to the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died after getting into difficulty while swimming in the sea off Anglesey.
A primary school in Inverclyde has begun an investigation into allegations of historical sexual abuse of a child.
Former Newcastle United striker Salomon Cisse has paid tribute to former team-mate Cheikh Tiote at a memorial service in China.
Shares in Japan, China and Australia were lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek general election.
Blackberry, the Canadian smartphone maker, has reported better-than-expected profits for the three months to the end of March, helped by strong sales of its latest handset.
Dumfries and Galloway-based subsea services provider Proserv has secured two major contract wins in the North Sea.
Teachers' pay in England and Wales will need to rise significantly higher than 1% to ensure an adequate supply of good teachers, says a review body set up by the government.
Votes have been counted in the European Parliament elections in Belgium, the Republic of Ireland, Greece, Portugal, Spain and the UK.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei ddefnyddio am adroddiad i cynllun morlyn yn Abertawe gael ei adeiladu ac ynni adnewyddol.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not be holding a referendum on council tax rises after the public rejected the idea.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend a law that requires it to produce more biofuels from its corn crop to help curb soaring food prices.
The shape of glassware used in pubs and restaurants may be a factor in how quickly people consume alcohol, according to a new study.
Bromley have re-signed striker Scott Dugdale after he turned down a new deal with National League side Wrexham, who have also signed defender Josh Cole.
Kickstarter, the crowdfunding website for video game projects, has been pulled after a scam was uncovered by internet users.
A jury in the Boston Marathon bombings trial has heard that the youngest victim of the attacks, an eight-year-old boy, suffered injuries to every part of his body.
NHS staff in England and Northern Ireland have ended their two days of industrial action in a dispute over pay.
A retired couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home for refusing to handle the funeral of their uncle, who was married to a man.
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been launched in a bid to make them more accessible to the public.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a hot car in Australia had a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for cancer to spread to other parts of the body, including the lungs.
Perth Thunder's hopes of reaching the final of the Women's Big Bash League were ended by Hobart Hurricanes on Thursday as England all-rounder Katherine Brunt was run out in the semi-final.
The results of the Scottish council elections have prompted calls for a second referendum on independence, according to the papers.
An MP is appealing for the public's help to save the home of British explorer and explorer Elizabeth Bell, whose photographs of Palmyra and other sites have been destroyed by Islamic State militants.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK, saying President Vladimir Putin sees him as a threat to his rule.
More than 1,000 samples of cladding have been sent in to the fire service to check on high-rise buildings in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire, the prime minister has said.
North Korea says it has developed a new alcohol that will give you a hangover that won't leave you feeling like you've been hit by a car crash.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Jon Richards says he is frustrated by his side's defensive frailties after they remain winless in the Premiership.
A six-year-old boy who was left alone on a school bus in Powys for the second time in a year has been reunited with his family.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry-picking when he said that the US pullout from the Paris climate agreement would have little impact on global temperatures.
An Army reservist died from heat-related injuries after collapsing on a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons, an inquest has been told.
Google is developing new ways to monitor the traces of cancer and other diseases in the blood to help doctors diagnose them more quickly.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players, saying they are giving everything to the team.
National League side Braintree Town have signed defender Ryan Edwards from Morecambe Town for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A carer who stole more than Â£20,000 from a disabled man to fund a "lavish lifestyle" has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says he has "overwhelming" support from world football's member associations for a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her death that the police investigation into her disappearance was "insulting to injury".
More than one million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a report says.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in the street outside his home in Kirkcaldy, East Lothian.
At least 40 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition backing the exiled Yemeni government in the capital, Sanaa, officials say.
A cross-party motion calling for the cancellation of a republican rally in Dublin city centre has been submitted to the city's police and crime commissioner, Kevin Frazer.
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea said he was "so happy" after finishing fourth in the final race of the season in Spain.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's plan to release 37 prisoners it says are involved in attacks on US forces in the country.
Ben Affleck has been honoured with a Directors Guild of America (DGA) award for his Oscar-nominated film Argo.
Nigeria's military says it has begun an operation to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist bases and activities" in the north-east.
Peter Corrigan, one of Wales' best-known sports journalists, has died aged 80.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in what police described as an "act of cannibalism".
Great Britain's Tom Latham won a bronze medal in the men's keirin at the Track Cycling World Cup in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named their squad for the 2016-17 European Champions Cup.
Hollywood actress Sophie Richardson and actress Samantha Chancellor are to play leading roles in a new BBC Two drama series based on the best-loved women's crime novels.
A father-of-three Joseph Clark travelled to the match by car with friends, who all survived.
A teenager who attacked a taxi driver with a machete at a house party in Dundee has been warned he could face jail.
Jodie Taylor scored a late winner as England beat the Netherlands 1-0 in their final warm-up game before Euro 2017.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
British sailor Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Volvo Ocean Race in New Zealand.
Australian MPs have voted in favour of a motion to describe US presidential hopeful Donald Trump as a "revolting slug".
Seven-time Olympic gold medallist Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC's extensive coverage of the 2016 Olympics and Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has paid the cost of the grounding of a rig that ran aground in the Western Isles last August.
What is Operation Stack and how do you solve it?
A man who was shot in the head with a shotgun in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died.
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time after Carlos Brathwaite's last-ball five-wicket haul saw them beat England by five wickets in the final in Abu Dhabi.
Dirk Coetzee, the former head of South Africa's secret intelligence service, has died in hospital in the country's capital, Pretoria.
Former Sheffield Wednesday boss David Duckenfield is to face criminal charges over the Hillsborough disaster, prosecutors have announced.
Archaeologists working on the construction of the Inverness West Link have displayed some of the finds they have made during work to build the road.
In the afternoon sun, the streets of Duesseldorf are bustling with activity.
The Workers Party has said it is "disappointed" by the amount of time it was given to campaign for the general election by the BBC.
Footage has been released of the moment a van used by boxer Floyd Mayweather was set on fire while he was inside a hotel.
An 11-year-old girl has been injured in a "freak accident" after a vapouriser from a Harry Potter-themed train exploded at a theme park in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after being injured in an accident involving a chainsaw-wielding tree surgeon in central London.
The number of people with visual impairment in developing countries is set to double in the coming decades, according to researchers.
Manager Gordon Strachan insists Scotland's 1-0 friendly win in Poland will mean little in the build-up to November's World Cup qualifier against Nigeria.
A man who tried to scare primary schoolchildren with a fake gun in Worthing has been jailed.
On the eve of All Saints Day, Poles living in the UK are taking part in a unique way of remembering those who have passed away.
New rules to make it easier for people to compare the cost of home broadband and mobile phone services have come into force.
A shop worker has been taken to hospital with a serious head injury after being robbed at knifepoint at the Post Office in Kirkcaldy.
A jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that Stormont has not yet set the rate of corporation tax in Northern Ireland.
Part of a promenade in Bournemouth has been closed after a section of cliff collapsed following heavy rain.
National League side Notts County have extended the contract of striker Lee Johnson until June 2019.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK after being released early from prison.
The Conservatives have won all but one of the Dorset constituencies in the general election.
Councillors in Edinburgh have voted in favour of a budget which protects front-line services, jobs and investment in the city.
The actions of social services in Fife in the lead-up to the death of Liam Fee are to be examined by a review following his death.
US President Donald Trump has banned people from Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen travelling to the US until further notice.
The Australian government has announced new laws to strip citizenship from people who fight for terrorist groups.
Fifteen soldiers who refused to stand up during a protest at a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons have been sentenced.
A man has been left "scarsed for life" after being attacked in an unprovoked assault in a pub.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced the release of his first solo album.
Britain's Dan Evans and Andy Murray both progressed to the Australian Open fourth round with straight-set victories in Melbourne.
Defensive end Jared Allen has announced his retirement from the Minnesota Vikings.
Wigan Athletic have signed defender Ben Dunkley following his departure from League One side Oxford United.
Scientists say it’s vital to come up with new ways to protect and manage the high seas.
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has been announced.
Former DUP assembly member Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party for "telling the truth" over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
A review of the impact of the closure of Dumfries and Galloway's police control centre has found it has performed "to the satisfaction of the public".
Transport Scotland has confirmed plans to explore the possibility of extending the new Borders Railway to Carlisle.
A legal challenge has been launched against plans to run overhead electricity cables near a Tudor gentry estate in Powys.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's return to the starting line-up is as important to the Baggies as the loss of Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy to Tottenham.
Sculptures of herdwick sheep have been unveiled in the Lake District to mark the reopening of the A591 road in May.
Defender Tim Cahill says England were flattered by Spain's dominance in their 1-0 friendly defeat in Spain.
A gold pendant made from an early copy of a Byzantine coin has been found in Norfolk.
UKIP has denied a claim by one of its most prominent donors that it has suspended his membership after he accused the party of being run like a squash club.
Plans to improve road safety for cyclists in Cardiff city centre have been unveiled.
A County Londonderry man and a County Tyrone woman have become the first father and daughter umpires to officiate in a senior Irish cricket match.
A protest has been held in Calderdale to demand an apology from the council over historical abuse of children at a former care home.
Irish police are appealing for information after the murder of a man who was shot dead by gunmen who stole his car after he dropped off his children at home.
Two "zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from the branches of trees in what wildlife experts have described as "like a zombie horror film".
A "predatory" paedophile has been jailed for life for the rape and indecent assaults of four girls.
Brentford moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable win over relegation-threatened Bolton Wanderers.
The mother of a teenager who disappeared nine years ago has said it is a relief to know police are looking more seriously at a car seen in the area where he was last seen alive.
Lancashire's Alex Davies and Will Jarvis hit centuries to help their side fight back against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street.
Ghana came from behind to beat DR Congo 2-1 and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals thanks to goals from Jordan and Andre Ayew.
Eighteen Aston Villa fans have been released on bail after being arrested following a mass brawl at the Championship game between the teams.
On the eve of Christmas Day in World War Two, Germany's Luftwaffe dropped bombs on Manchester city centre, killing 684 people and wounding 2,300.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Widnes came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and secure their place in the Super League play-offs.
Sony Pictures has been the target of a massive cyber-attack.
A man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hostel had a history of making death threats, an inquest has heard.
People in Wales with chronic illnesses are more likely to have developed ways of coping with their symptoms than those who have not, according to research.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has upheld provisional bans for six Russian cross-country skiers for failing drug tests at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
The Clydesdale Bank has set aside an extra £500m to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra that escaped from a farm in Japan and ran into a lake after being shot with a tranquiliser dart has died, police say.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a derelict former hospital building in Dundee city centre.
The French president and prime minister have paid tribute to the victims of Saturday's attacks in Paris.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of polygraph tests for new police recruits.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be auctioned.
Archaeologists have discovered what is believed to be some of the earliest evidence of human footprints ever found on a Ceredigion beach.
A former employee of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has named several politicians he claims were involved in a bribery scheme with the firm.
Bakersfield Town have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Alex Rachubka on a short-term deal until January 2017.
The UK government is to fund the construction of a new prison in Jamaica to allow UK prisoners to be sent back to serve their sentences.
Hackers who stole $81m (Â£81m) from Bangladesh's central bank were able to steal the money because of cheap, poorly protected internet routers, investigators say.
Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Premier League side Stoke City on loan until January.
Aberdeen defender Jonny Foster was sitting with his family at a McDonald's restaurant in the Pittodrie car park when a Rangers fan walked up to him and made a disparaging remark.
Up to 100 new jobs are to be created in Brechin, Angus, after a major engineering firm announced plans to expand its operations in the area.
I'm looking forward to Liam Murray's first match at Wimbledon on Tuesday, and I think he's going into it with a lot of confidence.
Universities in England are advertising a higher level of tuition fees, ahead of a vote by MPs on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who died following an incident in a pub beer garden in Harrogate.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud penderfynu os yw cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy gostio £425m yn cael ei gymeradwyo.
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable 3-0 win over Norwich City.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence from the team will make it more difficult to beat Manchester City in Sunday's Etihad derby.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says he will be "blessed" to be able to mark his 1,000th game in charge when he takes charge of the Baggies against his old club Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their leading forwards for their Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg on Wednesday.
Dumfries and Galloway Council's major festivals strategy has "generally met its objectives", according to a new report.
Levels of violence at a prison in Gloucestershire where two inmates died in separate incidents of self-harm are "very concerning", the prison watchdog has said.
Ireland captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as captain.
More than 1,000 carvers are taking part in this year's Scottish Wood Carving Championships.
Murdrassas, schools where children learn about Islam, are being set up "left right and centre" to tackle the growing problem of abuse, the BBC has been told.
It has been like a Shakespearean tragedy.
The UK's energy regulator, Ofgem, has urged energy companies to cut their prices after the cost of gas and electricity fell to a five-year low.
DJ Calvin Harris has been added to the line-up for this year's Lulworth Castle Festival.
Sam Brookes has been banned for a week after admitting striking a player with his elbow during Northampton Saints' defeat by Newcastle Falcons on Saturday.
Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs that Grenfell Tower in Kensington and Chelsea is the poorest ward in the whole of the UK.
One of the most prominent figures in the Bitcoin community has said he no longer wants to develop new software for the virtual currency.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Lancashire.
A group of girls from Iran who were competing in a science and technology competition in the US have won a silver medal for their "can-do attitude".
Ospreys maintained their perfect start to the Pro12 season with a convincing bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
The first minister has paid tribute to the people who have helped keep Scotland going during "one of Scotland's toughest challenges of recent times" in his Christmas message.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an appendix abscess and will have surgery to remove it.
The row between Apple and the FBI over access to customer data stored on Apple's hard drive is the latest in a series of high-profile clashes between the US government and technology firms over the use of encryption.
Deutsche Bank, the German investment bank, has said that it was "unsettled" by the outcome of the UK general election.
The US manufacturing sector expanded at its weakest rate in a year-and-a-half in June, according to a closely watched survey.
All photographs by Hugh Kinsella Cunningham.
The playground at Camden Town leisure centre in north London is normally bustling with families and children.
Homelessness is a big issue in the UK, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Aer Lingus has apologised to passengers who booked to fly on its summertime flights between Dublin and Cork.
At least one person has been killed in an explosion in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir, officials say.
Hollywood actress Dame Judi Dench has died aged 90.
Two teenage boys have been arrested in connection with the death of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Bristol on Saturday night.
Portadown manager Niall Currie hopes his side can keep alive their slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Irish Premiership with a win over Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
As the conflict in eastern Ukraine intensifies, cyber-thieves are stepping up their attacks against the government and pro-Russian separatists in the region.
A man who was caught with CS gas canisters, knives and knuckledusters at Edinburgh Airport has been fined Â£1,000.
Tata Steel is in advanced talks to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm, the BBC understands.
American Phil Mickelson leads the Open Championship after the first round at Royal Troon, despite missing a last-gasp birdie putt at the final hole.
As the Olympic Games get under way in London, there are concerns about how the transport system will cope with the influx of visitors.
(Close): Dixons Carphone and WH Smith were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100, but shares in Royal Mail were higher.
The number of attacks on prison staff in England and Wales is at its highest level since records began, figures show.
Landowners have been given advice on how to limit the number of irresponsible dog walkers in Scotland's countryside.
A Northern Ireland musician is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up as bone marrow donors.
The Welsh Government's five-year budget is due to be unveiled on Wednesday.
A house has been damaged after a lorry crashed into it at a level crossing.
England prop Alex Corbisiero will join the British and Irish Lions in Australia to cover for injured prop Cian Healy.
It has been one of the biggest money-laundering scandals in the history of Malaysia's state-owned investment fund, 1MDB.
More than 1,200 new homes are to be built in the Govanhill area of Glasgow as part of a £34m housing strategy.
The price of oil has tumbled to new lows, with analysts predicting that the price could fall to as little as $20 a barrel by the end of the year.
Ministers have been accused of "embarrassing Wales" after they announced plans to close a back-to-work scheme which helps unemployed young people find jobs.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in anti-Trump protests in Belfast and other UK cities.
Two people have been arrested following the death of a man who was found with stab wounds in a back garden.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into why women are still being paid less than men in Scotland's workforce.
The family of a woman who waited eight hours to be admitted to a hospital's emergency department for a doctor to tell her she needed to be treated said staff did not appear to be doing enough for her.
The European Parliament has fined France's far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen €1.3m (US$1.6m; Â£1.1m) for allegedly defrauding the European Parliament out of money it says she owes.
The UK is to impose a new £35,000-a-year salary cap on foreign workers who seek to stay in the country as permanent settlement, the government has announced.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been rated as Scotland's best visitor attraction for 10 years running.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to ballot members on whether they want to take part in all-night services on the new Night Tube service.
A Victorian fort in Pembrokeshire is to be opened to the public for the first time since being restored to its former glory.
Residents in Wrexham are being rehoused while repairs are carried out after flash floods swept through the town.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption over the construction of a luxury apartment complex in Jerusalem.
European Union leaders are holding emergency talks on how to deal with Turkey over the influx of migrants and refugees to Greece.
The UK government has warned its citizens not to travel to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi over new laws that allow businesses to refuse service to LGBT people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally has revealed how he first realised there was "no long-term future" for the club on the site of their Priestfield stadium.
Police have said they are treating the death of a man whose body was found at a house in Kilmarnock, County Antrim, as suspicious.
Ipswich moved out of the League One relegation play-off places with a hard-fought win at Derby County.
People who throw paper into wastebaskets are more likely to be more accurate than monkeys, according to a new study.
Warwickshire fast bowler Jack Thornton has signed a new three-month contract with the Bears.
Vote Leave has launched a competition in which anyone can win £50 million by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow in parts of Scotland.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if any of his players leave after their promotion to the Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has denied suggestions by president Sepp Blatter that he could replace him in the role in the near future.
It's well known that one in 10 women in the UK is at risk of developing post-partum depression.
Newcastle United and Sky Sports have dropped former darts commentator Eric Bristow after he questioned why former footballers and darts players did not fight back against historical sex abuse.
A man and a woman have appeared in court following the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC will become a "curator" for Britain's "great cultural forces", the corporation's director general has said.
US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported a sharp rise in sales, helped by a surge in the housing market.
National League side Gateshead have signed striker Nyal Bell following his release by League Two side Rochdale.
A Turkish court has begun the trial of eight people accused of being involved in a deadly coal mine disaster, which left 49 people dead.
The focus of the US-led coalition's air campaign against Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq is now turning towards the city of Mosul, the last major city in the group's territory in the country.
Britain's Jamie Murray and Marcelo Melo beat Croatia's Ivan Dodig 6-4 6-2 to set up Sunday's Monte Carlo Masters doubles final against France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with a bomb hoax at a London Tube station.
A court in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has sentenced two policemen to death for killing 11 Sikh men in a so-called "fake encounter" in 1993.
China's state schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom" by "cramming pupils' heads full of facts", says one of the UK's leading education experts.
Employees at some of the UK's biggest companies could be asked to give their views on the impact of high levels of executive pay.
A shipyard that was forced to close after it was taken over by a private equity firm has re-employed some of its former workforce.
The sister of a teenager murdered in 1971 has made an emotional appeal for information about her sister's last known movements.
The family of a teenager who was killed in a crash have said their "hearts have been utterly broken by her death".
Five more members of the Department of Health board have resigned in protest at the department's handling of its finances.
Former Chelsea boss Guus Hiddink has been named as Jose Mourinho's successor as interim manager until a permanent successor is appointed.
British duo Liam Broady and Heather Watson were beaten 6-2 6-4 by Chan Sung-hyun and Chan Shuai Chan in the men's doubles final at the China Open in Beijing.
Australia retained their Four Nations title with a comprehensive victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
More than 70 people have lost their jobs at a new surf lagoon in Snowdonia after it was forced to close for the rest of the season.
A campaign has been launched to save the clock tower at a fire-damaged former mill to "keep it in the landscape".
Education is the "best possible antidote to radicalisation", according to the UK's most senior terrorism expert.
Hollywood film Whiplash has been named best picture at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards, which honour the year's best film.
Three senior staff at Dumfries and Galloway Council are to leave their posts, the council has announced.
World number one Lydia Ko moved into a share of the halfway lead at the US Women's PGA Championship.
Joe Garner, the boss of BT Openreach, is leaving the telecoms firm to become chief executive of the Nationwide building society.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of former Alloa Athletic captain Liam Waters.
The Church in Wales has written to Gwynedd council to express its opposition to plans to merge two secondary schools in a row over the role of governors.
A gang leader who smuggled guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years.
The New Horizons mission to Pluto is getting closer to its historic flyby of the dwarf planet.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps for next season.
The government has delayed a decision on whether to give the go-ahead for the construction of a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point.
Grimsby Town moved into the National League play-off places with a 4-3 win at Aldershot Town.
McDonald's is rationing French fries at its restaurants in Japan because of a potato shortage.
Wales centre Jamie Roberts will make his Oxford University debut against the British and Irish Lions in the Varsity match against the Barbarians at Twickenham on Saturday.
Judges in England and Wales should be able to send offenders to jail for longer in cases where modern technology is an aggravating factor in increasing the suffering of victims of sexual offences, according to new proposals.
Wigan Athletic have signed striker Adam Powell from Manchester United on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new prime minister-designate has said he will not lead the governing Social Democrats into opposition, but could work with the far-right Freedom Party.
When Jordan Spieth's father, Phil, told his son that he wanted him to come home early from the US Open so he could spend the rest of his life trying to win the Masters at Augusta National, his son would be able to fulfil his dream of becoming a professional golfer.
Millions of people in the self-assessment system are being urged to renew their tax credits before Sunday's deadline.
Northampton Town boss Chris Wilder will leave the club at the end of the season to become Bolton Wanderers' new manager.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach John Johnston admitted he was disappointed not to make it a four-point weekend with a win over Dundee Stars on Saturday and a loss to Fife Flyers on Sunday.
The world's largest container ship has docked at the Port of Felixstowe.
Gloucestershire's batsmen struggled to 220 all out as Glamorgan's bowlers dominated the first day of their County Championship game at Cheltenham.
It is "perverse and counterproductive" to use money raised from the sugar tax to fund school healthy-pupils projects at the expense of children's health, councils have warned.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to replace its best-selling car, the Defender, with a new model for the 21st Century.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says the club's directors want to keep defender Virgil van Dijk at the club.
Akzo Nobel has rejected US rival PPG Industries' latest bid to buy the Dulux Dulux maker, calling it "unfair" and "unacceptable".
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
Thousands of people are dying "silently" of complications due to malnutrition in the conflict in Yemen, the Red Cross has warned.
United Airlines has announced that it will stop operating its direct flights from Belfast International Airport to Newark, New Jersey, on Sunday.
South Africa's failure to score goals at the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers in Gabon is down to poor preparation, says coach Orlando Mashaba.
The Russian government has launched a new version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia to provide more accurate information about the country.
On the eve of the British Championships in Bedford in May 2017, David Fearon was ready to give up on athletics.
Dundee striker Kris Boyd says it would be wrong for Scottish clubs to play in the United States.
Four men have been released on bail after two children were killed in a hit-and-run crash in Oldham.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed midfielder Ryan Gape following his release by Premier League side Southampton.
A boy who ran a triathlon without his walking frame has been given a lifetime achievement award at the Yorkshire Awards.
Media coverage of climate change around the world has dropped dramatically since 2009, according to a BBC investigation.
Former England captain David Ginola has launched his bid to challenge Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency.
Defending champion Gary Doherty will face Mark Evans in the first round of qualifying at the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
It is not every day that former England captain Michael Vaughan takes time out of his busy schedule to play for his local cricket club.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte says he is confident his squad will be able to cope with the demands of the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon in January.
A police officer fired a Taser at a man who was trying to set himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn an offer to the RMT union in a bid to avert further strikes by conductors.
More than 1,000 people have been rescued from wildfires raging in northern California, the state's governor says.
Southport have sacked manager Steve Burr and assistant manager Paul Watson following a run of three straight defeats.
A California woman who was abducted and beaten to death last week had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
Campaigners fighting to save a Victorian hot bath building in Reading have said they are "very sad" it will not be possible to reopen it.
In case you missed them, here's a round-up of the week's news in emojis.
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister".
Canada's Adam Hadwin held off the challenge of American Patrick Cantlay to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill in California.
More than 100 people have signed a petition calling on an Orange group to reconsider plans to hold a protest against sectarian parades in north Belfast.
An oak planted by suffragettes to commemorate the centenary of their birth has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Jonathan Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence he needs to earn a return to the England squad.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power plant in Tamil Nadu state has started generating electricity.
A coroner has said he will write to the Department of Health about concerns about weekend staffing levels at a hospital where a woman died.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in their Pro12 defeat by Munster at Murrayfield.
The Ministry of Defence's contract to run the UK's only nuclear submarine dockyard has been cancelled because of safety concerns, the nuclear watchdog has said.
A man police want to speak to following the death of a woman and the serious assault of a teenager in Dumfries has been found.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of indecently assaulting two girls in a playground, police have said.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Sam Adams in their win at Sheffield United.
The bodies of a mother and son who were found dead at a house in east London have been formally identified by police.
Dogs and other animals should be allowed on hospital wards in England, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) says.
Children as young as 12 are buying large quantities of laxatives to help them lose weight, an eating disorders charity has warned.
One of the UK's top trade negotiators has told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show that he wants Britain's trade relationship with the European Union to remain as free and open as possible after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two more men as part of their investigation into one of the London terror attack suspects.
Teachers' pay in Wales will be decided by the Welsh assembly, UK Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
Two teenagers have been injured following a crash between a car and a lorry on the outskirts of Inverness.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Jewish exhibition at the former Auschwitz death camp.
More than 200 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of July, figures have shown.
Jessica Ennis- Hill, the Olympic gold medallist in the sport of triathlon, is leading a series of fun runs in Windsor to encourage people to get into sport.
A person has been killed in a car accident involving a tank from the Norwegian armed forces taking part in a large-scale Nato exercise, police say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani looks at the aftermath of Friday's attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano.
Police in Italy have seized assets belonging to one of the country's most notorious criminals, who was convicted of running one of Europe's largest organised crime networks.
Two German men who vandalised a train in Singapore have been sentenced to three to eight strokes of the cane.
More than £200,000 has been set aside to improve the landscape of Snowdonia's highest mountains.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile attack on a Syrian airbase, state media said.
Belfast Giants are to play an All Star game in honour of the club's all-time leading goal scorer, Colin Shields.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to excavate the site of a former burial ground for the HS2 high-speed rail line.
Kent captain Chris Stevens hit a century to give his side a chance of reaching the One-Day Cup semi-finals after a rain-affected second day against Essex.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah group has said the Lebanese Shia militant group has been providing "every possible and necessary aid" to the Syrian army.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the next Scottish independence referendum is likely to be held in 2018.
Roads in Surrey have been closed after a large fire broke out at a scrapyard.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Police officers in Pembrokeshire are to be issued with body-worn video cameras in a bid to improve "transparency" in the fight against crime.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa to raise money for Comic Relief.
Former Rangers captain Sir Geoff Ferguson believes Scott Allan would be a perfect fit for Celtic if he were to leave Ibrox.
A woman who died in police custody has been named by Lancashire Police.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt said he was proud of the way his side fought back from a poor start to beat Argentina in Saturday's Six Nations opener.
The father of a Japanese boy who was left to fend for himself for six days after being punished for throwing stones at cars has said he has forgiven his son for the ordeal.
A pensioner from Aberdeenshire who was more than four times over the drink driving limit has been given a community payback order.
The owners of a derelict former Denbighshire hospital have been ordered to pay a council £940,000 after it served an urgent works notice on them.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after footage emerged of him attacking a Palestinian lorry driver in Jerusalem.
Sir Alex Ferguson says Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is one of the best midfielders in English football despite missing out on a recall to the England squad.
A model agency has been criticised for advertising a job advert for a driver who wanted a woman with a "Jackie O" cup size.
More than half of people in the UK do not believe in the resurrection of Jesus Christ, according to a Church of England survey.
The graves of four children killed in a World War One explosion in Wrexham are to be marked with a headstone to mark the centenary of the tragedy.
The daughter of Lord Janner, who is at the centre of an inquiry into historical child sex abuse allegations against him, has said it is an "outrage" that his family will not be able to cross examine witnesses in the inquiry.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said protesters at his rallies are "totally unacceptable", after violence at some of his rallies.
People who read "tabloid newspapers" as children are more likely to improve their vocabulary as adults, research suggests.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Davis on a two-year deal.
All pictures from the BBC News Facebook page.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers have arrived in Vanuatu to assess the extent of the devastation caused by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was found with serious head and neck injuries in the German city of Hannover.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places with a 2-0 win at Coventry City thanks to goals from Josh Roberts and Luke Fletcher.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor recent form is not down to a lack of confidence.
In the summer of 1940, Mahatma Gandhi was living in a small village in the western Indian state of Maharashtra.
A man has been charged after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh city centre.
Hundreds of former staff at a Torfaen communications firm have been sacked after the firm went into liquidation.
A former mayor has resigned after advocating for a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape to keep his licence.
American Jason Dufner moved into the lead at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai after a birdie at the 18th hole.
Cyclists have been banned from riding in Mansfield town centre ahead of the Tour de France.
Three Syrian refugees who helped apprehend a suspected terror suspect in Germany's eastern city of Leipzig have been hailed "heroes" by the country's media and politicians.
Household wealth in the UK has risen in real terms since the financial crisis, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing Podemos (We Can) party is on course to win the country's parliamentary election, according to opinion polls.
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Oil giant BP has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of September.
More than 70 pupils have been sent home from a County Antrim school for failing to meet new rules about what they can wear.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali has announced plans to make a Bollywood film based on the life of India's five-time Olympic boxing champion Mary Kom.
The new target date for the completion of the Queensferry Crossing has been set at May 2017, despite delays due to high winds.
Plans to make it easier for parents to be prosecuted for smacking their children have been branded "scaremongering".
In Wukan, in southern China, protests against the local government have been going on for months.
"It's been the most extraordinary, extraordinary campaign in living memory."
A new washing machine factory in Somerset has been given the go-ahead to start making washing machines for the UK market.
US President Barack Obama has said he had "room for criticism" over the US-led campaign to oust Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in an interview with a US magazine.
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal in Belfast that it will not be making any submissions to uphold a weapons conviction given to an IRA man who was shot by police 32 years ago.
A North Korean court has sentenced a US citizen to a life term of hard labour for crimes against the state.
Motherwell have completed the signing of striker Dom Thomas from Motherwell for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions secured their place in the Super League Qualifiers with a bonus-point win over Salford Red Devils.
Sam Spiro and Jaime Winstone are to play Dame Barbara Windsor in a new BBC One drama, Babs, based on Tony Jordan's biography of the actress.
Soldiers mutinying in Ivory Coast say they will not negotiate with the government to end the unrest, which has spread from the capital, Abidjan, to the northern city of Bouaké.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have abolished the so-called tampon tax.
The UK economy is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Institute of Fiscal Studies.
It's not easy being a British journalist at a European Union summit.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election.
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
Pig farming leaders have said they are "battling down the hatches" in the face of a sharp fall in the price of Scottish pork.
In the world of luxury goods, there are plenty of people making goods that are just as good, if not better, and more expensively.
A gang of men who stole £1m worth of power cables from Network Rail to sell as scrap have been jailed.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been found guilty of a misdemeanour vandalism charge for throwing eggs at the home of a neighbour in California in January 2012.
In our society, being included in the mainstream education system is no longer just about being able to get in the front door of a school.
Former St Helens assistant coach Keiron Cunningham has been appointed as Leigh Centurions' director of rugby.
Tributes have been paid to Rod Temperton, the British songwriter best known for co-writing Michael Jackson's hit album Thriller.
England batswoman Sarah Taylor has been ruled out of the Women's Super League and the forthcoming one-day series against Pakistan.
Dundee striker Kenneth Zohore scored a late winner as Cardiff City made a winning start to the Championship season with victory at Burton Albion.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a woman who was hit by a bus.
US actress Carrie Fisher has suffered a heart attack while on holiday in Los Angeles, her family says.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on motorways as part of a multi-million pound project to improve safety and improve the flow of traffic.
Moeen Ali's unbeaten half-century put England in control of the fourth Test against South Africa at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is not just a sport for amputees in Scotland - it is a way to get more people involved in the sport, according to a charity which is trying to spread the sport across the country.
Three soldiers killed in a roadside bomb blast in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, an inquest has ruled.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it will be a relief to sign a new contract with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says supermarkets are making it harder for gardeners to buy quality plants from independent nurseries.
A diver has been rescued by lifeboat after getting into difficulty while working on a shipwreck in the Western Isles.
Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial in South Africa that Reeva Steenkamp had already died by the time paramedics arrived at his home.
Israeli authorities have launched an investigation into the alleged illegal pricing of schoolchildren's trips to Auschwitz and other Holocaust memorials.
Bradford came from behind to draw with League One's bottom club Oldham in a hard-fought draw at Valley Parade.
Nice have signed former Real Madrid midfielder Wesley Sneijder.
Dover maintained their unbeaten home record in the National League with a comfortable 3-1 win over Chester.
Hundreds of people have protested outside Falmouth University in protest against plans to build new student accommodation.
Drivers are being warned to expect "significant disruption" as work gets under way to upgrade the M8, M8 and M74 motorways.
Drug addicts in Wrexham could be offered treatment rooms to treat the symptoms of their addiction rather than the underlying causes of their problems, a police chief has said.
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that the UK could be "on the verge of electing a Labour government" in the event of a post-election deal with the SNP.
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was down by a third on the previous record, according to new figures.
A mother who went missing with her son after a court ruled he should be reunited with his father has been urged by police to contact them.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have agreed to hold a new consultation on the future of two secondary schools in the town.
Children who need to go to hospital to get treated for injuries are having to wait a long time to be seen by a doctor.
The family of a boy who was scarred for life after being mauled by an unruly dog in Cardiff has been awarded Â£20,000 compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue of a 16th Century general.
House prices in the UK rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the latest figures from the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A flag from the battle of the Battle of Jutland is to be auctioned in Pembrokeshire, its owner has said.
A British man has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates for drug smuggling after being caught with cocaine in a car in Dubai.
Detectives investigating the murder of Jean McConville in 1972 have been given the go-ahead to hand over to academics in the United States for an oral history of the Troubles.
Russia's Vladimir Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal at Rio 2016 after failing a drug test.
Antonio scored twice as Watford twice came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest at Vicarage Road.
It is "more important than ever" for people to spread the message of togetherness and unity at Christmas, the first minister has said.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with new anti-doping rules for next year's Games in Rio.
Have you ever said something on Facebook that you know no-one else would have said?
CCTV footage showing the moment police ended the Sydney cafe siege in which a gunman killed two hostages has been released by Australian police.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been sold to ship recycling companies.
Salford Red Devils have signed Ireland international Tyrone McCarthy McCarthy McCarthy for the rest of the Super League season.
A man who died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire farm has been named by police.
The chemical weapons watchdog says it has received a final report from Syria showing that the country has declared its chemical weapons stockpiles.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could become a "fundamental" treatment for the disease, doctors say.
One of the UK's best-known bookshops, which was dubbed one of the best in the world by The Guardian, needs to raise £5,000 to cover the cost of structural repairs.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
Plans to give English MPs an effective veto over English-only laws have been defeated by peers in the House of Lords.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments about a missing Fife toddler on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
The president of Cyprus is due to address the island's parliament later to approve a bailout deal with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Two climbers have climbed to the tops of two sea stacks on St Kilda, one of the last inhabited islands in the Western Isles.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught speeding by a camera in Cardiff.
A suicide bomber who killed 22 people in the Manchester Arena attack died as a result of "multiple injuries", an inquest has heard.
The High Court in Belfast has ruled that the Department of Infrastructure (DRD) breached its duty of care to a County Antrim construction firm after it failed to award it a multi-million pound contract.
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol.
A doctor who carried out "brutal and sustained" unprovoked attacks on patients has had his jail term for wounding more than doubled.
Two disabled people have taken the government to court over the way it handled the switchover to a new type of disability benefit.
David Cameron has defended the government's record on tax in his first Prime Minister's Questions since the Mossack Fonseca leak.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German capital, Berlin, in what is believed to be a drive-by shooting.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education, saying it was an "insult" to staff.
More than half of nurseries and childminders say they will have to raise fees or limit the hours they can provide free childcare to meet demand for the 30-hour scheme, a survey suggests.
Scientists have solved the mystery of why flamingos stand unsupported on one leg.
A teenager has been arrested following the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car in west Belfast.
The RMT union has agreed to accept a pay offer for staff who will work on London Underground's Night Tube service.
The mother of Madeleine McCann, who went missing in Portugal in 2007, is cycling from Scotland to England to raise awareness of missing children.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the president of the country, her lawyer says.
Two lifeboats and a Coastguard helicopter were launched after a reported sighting of a person in the water near the Forth Road Bridge in Perthshire.
Plans to expand a multi-million pound retail development in Northamptonshire have been approved by councillors.
Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to uphold the country's controversial new constituent assembly has been condemned by several Latin American countries.
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a park in Nottingham.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported their busiest January on record passenger numbers.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is at a "delicate juncture".
In the aftermath of the protests in Cyprus, Europe's finance ministers have been scrambling to find a solution to the crisis in the island's banks.
Two Zimbabwean hunters have appeared in court in connection with the controversial killing of a lion in the southern African country.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the armed forces after they were seen waving British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax, Nova Scotia, on Canada Day.
Labour has won Tatton from the Conservatives.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb blast in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency, Sana, says.
A double decker bus has crashed in the Scottish Borders, with one person taken to hospital with minor injuries.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a Romanian woman found dead in his flat.
Scotland has missed its target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 42% by 2020, according to the latest official figures.
Who was King Arthur and was he really from Wales?
The HS2 high-speed rail project has been accused of being "less than honest" with the public over the number of weekends it plans to close for construction work.
A lorry driver who crashed into a queue of traffic, killing a pregnant woman and seriously injuring her unborn baby has been jailed for two years.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been accused of contempt of Parliament.
A man has been arrested after a woman was found dead following a fire at a house in Greater Manchester.
A tree in east London is to be used as an office to encourage people to work in parks and open spaces.
Australia's new prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, has scrapped knighthoods and damehoods in the country's honours system.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks to win Super Bowl 50 and set a new record for the most points scored in a Super Bowl.
A Denbighshire actor who plays Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has been given a sneak preview of the new film at London's Royal Albert Hall.
Leeds United have completed the signing of midfielder Milan Benedicic from Italian Serie A side AC Milan.
A construction worker working on a £1m arts and innovation centre in Gwynedd has said the project is in a "mess" and will not be ready to open until June.
The US media has been given access to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon, where armed militia men have been occupying a building to protest against the US government's control of the land.
The parents of a teenager who was murdered by a mentally-ill teenager say they will be ending their charity after 16 years.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash on the Aughnacloy Road in County Armagh.
A protest has been held against the Catholic priest, Fr Michael Donegan, who was speaking at an Orange parade in County Armagh on Saturday.
Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev has rejected a new takeover offer from rival SABMiller, saying it still "substantially undervalues" the brewer.
A humpback whale dubbed "Migaloo" by conservationists as he continues his journey up Australia's east coast has been spotted off the coast of Queensland.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has accused the UK government of "austerity obsession" ahead of the most important budget since devolution.
A court in Denmark has sentenced a journalist to 18 months in jail for selling details of celebrities' locations to a satirical magazine.
Bristol City midfielder Chris Andrew has been banned for three games after being found guilty of violent conduct by a Football Association panel.
Former England batsman James Taylor and former Northants captain David Sales have joined Yorkshire County Cricket Club as coaches.
Former Manchester United forward Nani says he is confident Valencia can bounce back from their poor start to the season.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is concerned about goalkeeper Joe Hart's lack of first-team football at Manchester City.
Chesterfield moved out of the League Two relegation play-off places with a hard-fought win over Port Vale thanks to a Conor O'Shea goal.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, in a sign that the country's economy may be slowing down.
A peer has been found guilty of making racially aggravated comments about Gina Miller on Facebook.
The number of road deaths in England and Wales rose by 3% in the year to September 2015, according to government figures.
More than half of Scottish firms believe that leaving the European Union could lead to a reduction in investment and recruitment, according to a new survey.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury worries ahead of Sunday's game against Chelsea at Old Trafford.
Two leading candidates in France's centre-right presidential primary have clashed in a TV debate, with the former prime minister saying his plan for economic and social reforms was more credible.
Playful fathers who engage with their babies early in life are more likely to see their children's cognitive development improve, a study suggests.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is "proud" of the government's commitment to free school meals for infant children.
Residents in Pembrokeshire are being asked if they would like their black bin bags to be collected weekly in a bid to save the council money.
A California man has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats.
A non-league football club has become the first in the UK to go completely vegan.
Former Motherwell and Kilmarnock midfielder Paul van Zanten has signed for Scottish Championship side Hamilton Academical on an undisclosed-length deal.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals with a straight-set win, but world number one Serena Williams was knocked out in the quarter-finals.
MSPs have backed plans to change the bands of council tax bands in Scotland.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche could make changes to the side that beat Lincoln City in the FA Cup.
Manchester City are set to make a bid for West Brom captain Jonny Evans, reports BBC Radio 5 live.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two Dambusters pilot.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won her first medal of the World Indoor Championships with silver in the heptathlon at London Stadium.
A British man who was on board the Thalys train that was attacked by a gunman on its way to the French capital, Paris, says he saw members of the train's staff do nothing to help passengers when the gunman emerged from his coach.
A critically endangered Galapagos tortoise has died at a zoo in the US state of California.
The United States women's football team will be paraded through New York City on Saturday to celebrate their World Cup victory.
Two brothers who were found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland on Monday have been remembered at a funeral service.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years after being caught with a photo of a child being sexually assaulted.
Plans to build a new sports and leisure centre in Torfaen have been approved by councillors.
Previously unseen photographs of World War Two Dambusters raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Northamptonshire have been sold at auction.
A butcher in Aberdeenshire has created a new type of Easter egg.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's departure from the club is "over" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in a 1-0 win at West Brom.
A leading Russian conductor has given a concert in the ruins of Palmyra in Syria to protest against Islamic State (IS) militants who destroyed the ancient city last year.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled plans to broadcast an opera about the hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants in 1985, citing "concerns in the international Jewish community".
New Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says he wants to be able to attract the players he needs to make sure the Ibrox players avoid relegation from the Premiership.
The UK government's cuts to subsidies for renewable energy have sent a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world on climate change, the UN's climate change chief has said.
Prof Yuko Arai, the woman behind Japan's first artificially intelligent (AI) robot, has revealed how well it is doing in tests of its ability to read and write.
Rebels in northern Syria say they have captured a pilot who they say was killed in a plane crash in the early hours of Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the Toulon head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
The long-time voice of Kermit the Frog has announced he is stepping down from his role as the Muppet.
Police investigating the death of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Larkhall in North Lanarkshire have said they are confident the answer to his death lies within the local community.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach in the Western Isles.
A drink driver who killed a teenager in a crash in Cambridgeshire has been banned from driving for two years.
Widnes Vikings can bounce back from their poor start to the Super League season, says head coach Jon Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to remove midfielder Christian Bente from the first-team squad.
Police are appealing for information after a house in north Belfast was set alight and damaged in separate attacks.
Welsh Labour and the Welsh Conservatives are set to set out their policies for the next Welsh government in their election manifestos.
A female swan shot with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the Scottish SPCA.
A new body has been set up to oversee the registration and regulation of teachers who provide non-formal and in-work education to young people.
Amnesty International says it is "deeply concerned" by reports that Saudi Arabia is preparing to put to death dozens of people in the coming days.
Newport County have signed former Oldham Athletic midfielder Ryan Morgan-Smith on a short-term deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from their stables in Quebec, Canada, after apparently upset by the sale of some of their stable-mates.
Four men have been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty while trying to climb a cliff on Skye.
No action will be taken against an MP who was investigated over his involvement in a Scottish independence campaign, the Crown Office has said.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in May's assembly election, the UK government has said.
Reading for pleasure has been linked to better mental and physical health, relaxation and escapism, research suggests.
The owners of Silverstone have made "serious misjudgement and management" over the contract to host the British Grand Prix, says Red Bull team boss Christian Horner.
A new camera has been installed at a south Wales lifeboat station to provide real-time information on sea conditions and coastal defence.
United Airlines has given hackers who report security flaws to the airline a million miles of free air travel.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Scientists have discovered that horses' heart rates speed up when they see pictures of angry or happy faces.
More than 1,200 motorists were tested for drink driving in north Wales in the year to December, police have said.
Two men have been injured in a "vicious" knife attack in East Lothian.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona as Charles scored a late winner against his former club Atletico Madrid.
Ben Davies scored a late winner as Tottenham knocked out Aston Villa in the FA Cup third round with a 2-0 victory at Wembley.
Up to 190 staff at insurance broker Royal Sun Alliance are to lose their jobs in Birmingham after the firm announced plans to close its office.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says the focus is on Sunday's Manchester derby with Manchester City and not worrying about where they are at in the Premier League table.
A drug which reduces the risk of HIV infection in people at high risk of the virus will be given to the NHS in Wales for a trial.
A Russian long jumper cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics has won an appeal against a decision to strip her of her Olympic eligibility.
More than £1.1bn was spent on social housing in Wales in 2014/15, according to a report.
More than 1,200 extra staff have been hired by Transport for London (TfL) in preparation for the launch of the Night Tube service.
About 30 firefighters have been tackling a fresh fire at a week after a blaze at a wood recycling plant in Cardiff Bay.
The independent inquiry into historical child sex abuse in Westminster should be stopped and replaced with a "stronger" investigation, an MP has said.
The Daily and the Sunday Politics feature guests from across the political spectrum each week on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer.
Teenagers in England are the most likely to apply for university places, according to figures from admissions watchdog Ucas.
Halifax maintained their unbeaten start to the Super League season with a hard-fought win at Hull KR.
A baby who died of sepsis after being born in a toilet could have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her disabled twin brother at a new play park in South Lanarkshire.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara, who was shot dead on Saturday, has defended the paramilitary theme at her grandmother's funeral.
Funding for JogScotland, the Scottish government's flagship initiative to encourage people to take up running, has been withdrawn.
It's hard to escape the sound of a barking dog if you're running for election in East Belfast.
A Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at Downing Street to the press.
Gemma Arterton is in the running to play the lead role in a West End musical version of the hit film Made in Dagenham.
England's second innings collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was not entirely down to the pitch.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 ewes from farms across the north of England.
The Greek prime minister has urged Russia and the EU to end the "vicious circle of sanctions and Cold War rhetoric", saying it is not productive.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy surrounding the use of banned substances by British cyclists.
A prominent Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in St Petersburg.
Thirty years after the hijack of Pan Am flight 73, the surviving crew of the hijacked jet have spoken for the first time about the events leading up to and during the hijacking.
Some police forces in England and Wales are rationing 999 calls in an "unconscious form of rationing", the police watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Jiri Rodak on loan until January.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with energy and advertising firms among the biggest fallers.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court in connection with the death of a teenager who was raped and murdered in 2011.
Olympic bronze medallist Aarran Bevan says he is determined to carry on with his gymnastics career after breaking his leg in a freak accident.
Two people have been killed in a crash between a car and a lorry in the Western Isles.
More than 50 people have been searching for a man who went missing while out for a jog in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said West Ham boss Sam Allardyce's side "outwitted" his side to earn a 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge.
The UN special envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse "any time".
Dywed arweinydd Plaid Cymru yn cael eu cyfforddus petai'r Alban yn dilyn cyhoeddiad yng Nghymru.
British and Irish Lions wing George North has urged his team-mates to "kick on" after missing out on the first two games of their tour of New Zealand.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion after a suspicious object was found in Rotherham city centre.
A song and video celebrating England's World Cup victory in 1982 have been released to mark the 30th anniversary of the team's victory.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school for allegedly insulting Islam after footage of him being humiliated went viral on social media.
A number of environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been hit by cuts to their funding from the Department of Environment.
When it comes to food, Indian restaurants are no different from any other restaurant in the world.
Northern Ireland-based Equiniti has secured a major contract to provide a time and attendance system for the Passport Office.
The mothers of two teenage boys who went missing after their boat capsized off the coast of Florida say they are "hopeful" they can be found alive.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office as it heads towards the west coast of Northern Ireland.
The Orangeman's leader has said the Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to the issue of parades.
Bristol City are set to begin work on a multi-million pound redevelopment of Ashton Gate.
The Liberal Democrats have come fourth in the Corby by-South Yorkshire by-election, the latest in a series of disappointing results for the party.
Roberto Martinez has said he will treasure his time as Everton manager "forever" after being sacked by the club.
Newport County have signed former Portsmouth and AFC Wimbledon midfielder Luke Rigg and former Falkirk striker Ryan Compton.
Watch Wales' historic journey to the Euro 2016 finals on BBC iPlayer.
Rome city authorities have begun cutting apart padlocks attached to a bridge in the Italian capital as part of a crackdown on the practice of decorating it with the symbols of love.
Friends of the family of a British man who was murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" into his death.
When Garry Ringrose steps on to the field for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Wales in Dublin on Saturday, it will be hard not to think of Brian O'Driscoll.
Pop star Britney Spears has returned to the UK stage for the first time since her Las Vegas residency ended, and it's fair to say it wasn't quite up to her usual standards.
Ian Murchison's last-gasp goal for Skye kept Skye's slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Scottish Premiership alive as they earned a 1-1 draw at Skye Academy.
Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) in damages to US reality TV star Hulk Hogan after a video of him having sex with a woman was posted online.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has given his backing to Colum Eastwood in his bid to become the party's next leader.
The AirAsia flight from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore was the latest in a series of tragedies involving aircraft.
A Picasso portrait and a Van Gogh landscape have become the most expensive paintings to be sold at auction in New York.
Artificial intelligence is giving scientists the power to speed up the discovery and development of new drugs, says Prof Andrew Hopkins, chief executive of an AI-based drug discovery firm.
Wales' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 semi-finals ended with a 2-0 defeat by Portugal in the last 16.
The death of a six-year-old girl who drowned in a hotel swimming pool in Blackpool was an accident, an inquest has heard.
A landowner in Pakistan's Punjab province has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and beating it to death.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Robbie Neilson says the Elite League play-off semi-final against Fife Flyers will be "the hardest thing to win".
Two mental health wards have been closed in Vale of Glamorgan following an outbreak of flu.
Real Madrid have confirmed they have been asked by Fifa to provide details of 51 players they have signed in the last five years.
Hibernian's Scott Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Easter Road beyond the end of the season.
More than 13,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a Leicestershire village in the past year, according to a parish group.
EDF, the French power-grid operator, has reported a 7% fall in sales in the first three months of the year as it continues to cut costs and sell assets.
Five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has a "good idea" of where he wants to play snooker in the future.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the 2011 Six Nations Championship until March 2017.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech at Liverpool's end-of-the-season awards ceremony was, in many ways, the perfect way to mark the end of his time at Anfield.
The Northern Ireland justice minister has said the failure to reach an agreement on how best to deal with the legacy of the Troubles is "throwing away the best opportunity for a generation".
Catalonia, a Spanish region in the north-east of the country, is pushing towards independence from Spain.
A decision on whether to grant planning permission for a housing development in Guildford is likely to be delayed, a councillor has said.
Two search and rescue charities in County Fermanagh and Londonderry have been awarded grants totalling £42,000 to fund the purchase of new life jackets and helmets.
Two people who were killed in the Sydney cafe siege have been remembered in a ceremony in the city's Martin Place.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been given leave to work with the National Police Chief's Council after being found guilty of misconduct.
The Football Associations of England and Scotland have said they will allow their players to wear poppies on armbands during Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Serbia.
Venezuela's defence minister has confirmed that the search for survivors of a helicopter that crashed on Saturday has resumed.
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been formally identified as that of missing woman Michelle Stevenson, police have said.
Somerset all-rounder Keaton Jennings hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side fight back against Durham, who were bowled out for 256 at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United have been banned by a High Court judge from entering the grounds of West Ham United's ground and St James' Park as part of a fraud investigation.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs in a bid to fight proposed cuts to education.
National League side Blackpool have signed former York City and York City midfielder Ben Davies on a short-term deal.
A petition calling for a referendum on whether Bath should have an elected mayor to preside over the city's affairs has been submitted to the council.
Malaysian police say they have found the body of a Brazilian man in an oil drum dumped in a river after he was abducted in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
Police investigating the double murder of two people found dead at a flat in south-west London have said they are "confident" they would have been out and about.
Proud England boss Natalie Powell hailed his side's performance as they set up a World Cup quarter-final against France after a 2-0 win over Japan.
Thousands of Apprentice Boys have taken to the streets of Londonderry to mark the anniversary of the end of the last major siege of the city.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Flower on loan until January 2017.
The number of Islamic State (IS) fighters in Iraq and Syria has risen to about 10,000, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) says.
Scientists are hoping to develop a mead which could help protect people from food poisoning after testing it against food poisoning-causing bacteria.
The European Commission has opened a formal investigation into Northern Ireland's decision not to charge residents to use water from NI Water.
A memorial has been unveiled in Eastbourne to commemorate a World War One soldier who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions during the Battle of the Somme.
A psychiatrist who investigated the effects of Gulf War Syndrome on UK troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan has been appointed a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed former Bournemouth defender Ryan Hollands on a short-term deal.
Voters in Colombia are going to the polls to choose their preferred candidate to contest Sunday's presidential run-off election.
Dawn Purvis, the director of the controversial Marie Stopes abortion clinic in Belfast city centre, is to step down.
England's Scott Simpson beat Egypt's Mohamed El-Hakim 4-2 in the second round of the World Indoor Bowls Championships in Dubai.
St Johnstone moved to within a point of Premiership leaders Hearts thanks to a second-half header from Ryan Cummins.
A man has been charged with murder after the body of a student was found in a burning car.
Richie Ramsay said he had no doubt in his mind that he had a chance to win the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart World Golf Championships at Gullane last night.
Leinster moved back to the top of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused the UK government of being "nonsensical" and "ridiculous" over its plans for customs arrangements after Brexit.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he remains committed to the launch of a Night Tube service in the capital.
NHS Grampian has been told to make improvements in the care of older people in hospital after inspectors raised concerns about staffing levels.
Sri Lanka has rejected calls by the United Nations to set up a special court to investigate alleged war crimes during the country's long-running civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels.
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Butterfield has become the first Scot to win a gold medal for Great Britain at the Para-athletics European Championships.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said Wales' interests will be taken into account during negotiations to leave the European Union.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs may be increasing the risk of malaria in parts of the world where the disease is prevalent, a study suggests.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes called mochi.
Teachers at an academy in Cumbria are taking industrial action over "serious concerns" about the way they are being managed.
Two US states have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump, accusing him of violating a constitutional ban on accepting payments from foreign governments.
A police training centre has opened in Birmingham after it was paid for by money paid into a fund to help offenders pay back money they have been ordered to repay.
Two secondary schools in Telfordshire have been put in special measures by Ofsted following a damning report.
A mother who kidnapped her baby son from his bed in Shropshire has been told by a judge she faces a jail term.
Rangers midfielder Jiri Zaliukas has signed a pre-contract agreement with the Ibrox outfit.
The prime minister has revealed her TV tastes for Christmas Day, saying she likes to watch Doctor Who and Agatha Christie.
Australia says it is "a step closer" to being able to export live cattle to China.
Three teenagers are being sought by police investigating the disappearance of an RAF airman who was last seen in the early hours of the morning.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games after being sent off for an illegal elbow against West Ham.
Dinamo Bucharest say they will put the Romanian Cup trophy on Patrick Ekeng's grave if they beat CFR Cluj in the final.
Mainland media in China are largely ignoring the trial of disgraced politician Bo Xilai, who denies charges of bribery and corruption.
An elderly Dorset man has said he will not be able to walk without help if he is unable to pick up his walking stick.
More than £1.1m has been spent by Guernsey's government on advertising and promotional work, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
British trampoline star Bryony Scrimgeour has won a silver medal at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Labour leadership contender Owen Smith has said he would have voted against the Iraq War had he been in parliament.
A former head teacher of Inverness High School is to stand trial accused of assaulting boys with a cane and a golf shoe.
An award-winning Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot by the Taliban is to open a library in Birmingham dedicated to her campaign for girls' education.
A senior Russian prison official has been arrested on suspicion of selling off the remains of a road built for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympic Games, the country's investigative committee says.
The UN Security Council has agreed to send more UN police to Burundi to "prevent the worst" from escalating violence in the country.
A drink driver who killed a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Monmouthshire has been jailed.
Jack Marriott's early goal was enough to give Luton Town victory over Leyton Orient at Kenilworth Road.
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker has defended British Cycling after winning silver at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong.
Toyota is to help fund the development of a prototype flying car that could be used to light the Olympic flame in 2020.
A lawyer for an elderly woman facing deportation from the UK has said he will take her case to the European Court of Human Rights if the government fails to allow her to stay.
The prime minister has said he will consider calls for more money to be made available to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Huddersfield Giants half-back Ryan Tickle is expected to make a "complete recovery" after being attacked at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire firm has been fined £1.5m after a worker was killed when he was crushed to death by a four-wheel drive vehicle.
Algeria international defender Abdelhak Mbolhi has signed for Turkish Super Lig side Galatasaray on a free transfer.
Residents have called on a council to delay the process of selling the site of a former primary school in Ceredigion to give them more time to buy it.
Millwall missed the chance to move out of the League One relegation zone as they were held to a goalless draw by Colchester United.
Truro City manager Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after being relegated from the National League.
A photographer has been fined for photographing a Ferrari sports car parked in Kensington Mews.
Motorbike taxi drivers in Tanzania have been trained to act as first-responders in an effort to reduce the number of road accidents on the country's roads.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in housebuilders and broadcaster ITV.
Men are 25% more likely to get a pay rise than women when they ask for one, a study suggests.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an alleged assault on a train in Moray.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by the PSNI as part of its investigation into Bloody Sunday.
Mae'r Weinydd Amddiffyn wedi gwahardd ymarferion tanio nes eu bod yn gwybod achos y digwyddiad.
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former MP to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
National League side Bognor Regis Town have signed former Fulham defender Ryan Lawless.
A tourist attraction in Cardiff Bay has been given more time to try to secure its long-term future after it was told it would lose its core grant funding.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco's San Jose airport and scaling a wing to escape from the aircraft.
Police investigating the death of a missing woman whose remains were found in the grounds of a golf course in Edinburgh have said they still do not know why she travelled to the city.
Eight people, including children, have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross the border into Syria, the Turkish interior ministry says.
Italian rider Franck Peretti has died following a crash during practice at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts, police have said.
A petition calling for an end to sexist remarks made by a Hindu temple priest about menstruating women has been launched in the Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta).
A holidaymaker who died after eating an "incredibly sweet" ice cream dessert while on holiday in the Greek island of Rhodes, an inquest has heard.
A man who posed as a 14-year-old to have sex with a woman to "escape the stress" of his marriage has been jailed for ten years.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen, according to the latest figures.
Robert Snodgrass will be out of action for six months with a cruciate knee ligament injury, says Hull City manager Steve Bruce.
You may know your Ayrton Sennas from your Michael Schumachers, your Lewis Hamiltons from your Niki Laudas, but what about the more obscure ones?
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was raped in Dundee city centre.
Italy's Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after a crash on stage two.
Johanna Kontaveit beat Jelena Vondrousova to reach the semi-finals of the Wuhan Open in China, while Borna Coric won his first ATP title of the season in Morocco.
A teenage boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in east London.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland is continuing to fall, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Pippa Piper are set to make a cameo appearance in the show's 50th anniversary special.
Two rockets have been fired at the southern Israeli city of Eilat from across the border with Egypt, Israeli officials say.
Australia is a lucky country run by second-rate people who share its luck, according to one of the country's best-known writers.
In many ways, the first Gulf War in 1991 was the start of a new era in the history of the Middle East.
Hundreds of police have been involved in clashes with anti-riot police in Belfast city centre.
Wales hooker James Hook has returned to Ospreys after signing a new deal with Gloucester.
Chloe Grace Moretz has revealed for the first time that she was once fat-shamed on set by one of her male co-stars.
Controversial plans to build 120 new homes on the site of a former coal-fired power station in Norwich have been given the go-ahead.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous about getting married" as he prepares to tie the knot at the end of March.
ITV's hit drama Broadchurch is coming to an "emotional end", the network has announced.
On Christmas Day in 1866, the people of Dumfries and Galloway were celebrating one of the biggest events in the history of the town.
The chief executive of a hospital at the centre of a row over patient waiting times has resigned.
A new set of traffic lights are to be installed at a junction where work to improve safety on a dual carriageway has led to an increase in collisions.
In the aftermath of Boris Nemtsov's murder, Russia's main opposition group announced plans to publish a report on the role of Russian troops in the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Inmates at HMP Dumfries in West Lothian are allowed to leave their cells at night.
For most of his life, John Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Derry, County Londonderry.
More than 200,000 illegal cigarettes have been seized by police in a "significant" haul of cigarettes and tobacco in Skegness.
Thousands of revellers have taken to the streets of Edinburgh for the city's Hogmanay celebrations.
Up to 32,000 people in the German town of Augsburg have been told to leave their homes on Sunday after an unexploded World War Two bomb was discovered, officials say.
A new fossil suggests that a group of ancient reptiles that includes some of the earliest land-based vertebrates may not have been able to give birth to live babies.
More than 23% of GPs in Wales are aged 55 or over and nearing retirement age, according to figures released by the Welsh government.
What do you do when things go well for one group of people but don't go as expected?
A test-run for a new type of speedboat in which the crew were not wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets was not carried out, a report has said.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died when their light aircraft crashed in the French Alps has heard the pilot may have been distracted by an iPad navigation app.
Former Foreign Secretary William Hague has told the BBC he believes the UK's policy in Syria has been hampered by "wishful thinking".
Prof Stephen Hawking is to give the BBC's Reith Lectures, in which he will examine the effects of black holes and explain why they glow like hot bodies.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt, according to the government's response to a question about school funding.
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for 24 hours in a dispute with the government over a pension plan.
Copenhagen police say they believe the submarine in which was used to send a journalist missing from a submarine in the Baltic Sea was deliberately sunk.
Energy firms are to be forced to apply a mandatory time limit to back-bills for customers who fail to pay their bills on time, Citizens Advice says.
Up to 900 headstones were removed from a cemetery in Glasgow where a boy was killed by a gravestone, an inquiry into his death has heard.
For decades, James Bond has been a symbol of the very best kind of espionage.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Middlesex have re-signed former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum for the T20 Blast campaign.
China's Baosteel, the world's largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with another state-owned firm to create the country's largest producer of the metal.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger deserves huge credit for the way he led his side to victory against Aston Villa at Wembley.
In 1947, India and Pakistan were split into two new countries called Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" to resurrect the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) in the wake of the murders of Kevin McGuigan and Gerard Davison.
Zesco United of Zambia kept alive their hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals with a 2-2 draw at Cairo's Al Ahly of Egypt.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media.
A boy with severe disabilities has been awarded £2.3m in compensation after he was seriously injured by two GPs and a paramedic who failed to save his life.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says he accepts responsibility for his side's 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla.
Hundreds of schoolchildren in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school examinations, officials say.
James Pattinson took five wickets to help Australia complete a five-wicket win over West Indies in the first Test in Hobart.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the US have discovered a new class of drug to fight malaria and other diseases caused by roundworm parasites.
German industrial giant Siemens and Japan's Mitsubishi have raised their offer for France's Alstom.
Former England international Sean Carberry has made his first appearance for Hampshire since returning from cancer treatment.
A council chief executive who vowed not to keep any damages he won from a blogger who defamed him has changed his mind, a High Court judge has ruled.
Aidan O'Brien, ridden by Tom Scuadmore, ran out a comfortable winner of the Queen Mother Champion Chase at Newmarket.
Bolton Wanderers and Birmingham City played out a goalless draw at St Andrew's.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 continued with defeat by the Netherlands at Wembley as they were beaten in their final warm-up game before the tournament.
Scunthorpe United manager Graeme Swann has urged fans not to panic after their poor run of form.
In the history of Italian football in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, there are few more memorable moments than the 'Battle of Belfast' and the 'Rome derby'.
Two people have been injured in a head-on crash in Carmarthenshire.
Libya's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has been rejected by African football's governing body.
Thousands of people from across Yorkshire took to the streets to watch the men and women compete at the British Para-athletics Championships.
Lily James says she was inspired to play action heroes by films like The Terminator and Angelina Jolie.
Ciara Mageean will miss the European Team Championships in Finland as she has no time to prepare for the event.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes admitted he was disappointed with his side's defensive frailties as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Dundee.
A small fire has broken out on the set of Coronation Street, which is celebrating 30 years of the soap opera.
In the wake of India's first medal at the London 2012 Paralympics, the world's media has been congratulating the country's athletes for their achievements and urging them to spread the message of equality to the rest of the world.
A former social worker who was sacked after it emerged he had viewed pornography while working in Essex has been found guilty of gross misconduct.
Jose Mourinho's return to Chelsea as manager of the Premier League champions has been met with a mixture of praise and criticism following his sacking by the club.
A man has appeared in court in connection with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Clare.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has been sacked by the club following his arrest on suspicion of child sex offences.
A Dumfries and Galloway man has been jailed for three years for defrauding the tax authorities out of Â£1m.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters were turned away from polling stations on election day because their names were not on the register.
A woman who baked a giant cake in the shape of a Land Rover to mark the launch of the carmaker's new engine plant has said it was the "best wedding cake that's ever been seen".
The boss of an estate agent has criticised the Liberal Democrats for using the name of his firm to promote a social care campaign for Theresa May.
Barcelona has agreed to pay a fine of €5.5m (Â£5.3m) to settle a tax case over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013.
Two leading gun control advocates in the US state of West Virginia have called for tougher gun laws in the wake of the Sandy Hook school massacre.
The UK government needs to strengthen regulations to protect the environmental risks of fracking for shale gas, according to scientists.
The Statue of Liberty in New York City has been evacuated after a suspicious package was found on the island.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Martin Cowen has apologised for the "hoarseness" of his radio interview on Monday night.
Dundee United have signed striker Chris Herd and forward Frank Nouble on non-contract terms.
Tottenham could play home games at Wembley for the first time in 2017-18, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconut trees are one of the most iconic symbols of Caribbean culture.
UK industrial production fell into recession between January and March, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
An advice service for people trying to keep their finances in order says it is time to start thinking of money resolutions.
Relatives of those killed in the Birmingham Six inquests have been told they can apply for legal aid to help fund their legal fees.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the country will not offer a state funeral for legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud.
The White House says 275 US military personnel have arrived in Iraq to assist in the fight against insurgents in the north of the country.
The body of a teenager has been found on the shoreline at St Fergus in Inverness.
Average house prices in England and Wales rose by more than expected in the year to December, according to the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Nationwide.
Britain's world number one Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over Australia's Nick Kyrgios in Melbourne.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a new rule in Scottish football to encourage the development of young players.
A man has been found dead following a fire at a house in the New Forest.
A teenager has been arrested in the southern Indian state of Karnataka for the murder of an 18-year-old girl and the attempted murder of another student, police say.
Coldplay have marked the end of the final day of the London 2012 Festival with a marathon of live music.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist, novelist and food blogger Ada Clifton considers the history of comforters.
Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear programme, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused a health board of having a "culture of complacency" about the amount of money it spends.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France, with one person killed.
A Nigerian teenager who was one of the last of the Chibok schoolgirls to be found alive in the north-east of the country has been reunited with her family.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has said it is "confident Uefa will manage this in the right way" after fans were unable to buy tickets for Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifiers.
Thirty-three Scots have been named in the Great Britain team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Iranian authorities are using "deplorable tactics" to intimidate and harass BBC Persian staff working in the country, the BBC's director in Tehran has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has urged the UK government to take "urgent action" to resettle unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has asked parliament to provide military support to protect a critically endangered species of elephant in the north of the country.
Welsh Prime Minister Carwyn Jones is to attend the final parade of the colours of The Royal Welsh at Twickenham Rugby Club.
The Ukrainian government's decision to appoint a young woman as an adviser to the interior minister has sparked a fierce debate about the role of women in politics.
More than 100 prisoners with serious mental health problems were put on a waiting list for hospital treatment because there was no service to meet their needs, a former mental health worker has claimed.
Hibernian midfielder Niall McGinn says the international break has helped his team-mates recharge their batteries after a poor run of form in the Championship.
More and more allegations have emerged about undercover police officers who were involved in taking children from protest groups and secretly filming them.
Telecoms firms Hutchison Whampoa and Telefonica are taking legal action against regulator Ofcom over its plans to start an auction for 4G spectrum.
Polling stations have closed in Mexico's presidential and parliamentary elections, with the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) widely expected to win.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could become Manchester United's most valuable signing since Lionel Messi and sell more shirts than any other player in the club's history.
A new hybrid ferry has been launched by Caledonian MacBrayne.
With university admissions fast approaching, it can be hard to know what to expect from your daughter's A-level results.
(Close): US stocks were lower on the last trading day of 2015 as energy stocks weighed on the Dow Jones index and the S&P 500 index.
David Cameron will have to stand down as prime minister at some point in the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farouk Zakaria looks back at the year that has passed in Africa.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police has been sacked after he made controversial comments about the status of women in the country.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to US private equity firm Yucaipa for an undisclosed sum.
The new boss of Wales' largest health board has been appointed.
Former Northern Ireland international Dean Shiels has joined Canadian Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton.
Rihanna and Kanye West have teamed up with Sir Paul McCartney to record a song called Four Five Seconds of Summer.
The mayor of Baltimore has fired the city's police chief, saying the focus has been too much on the leadership of the force and not enough on fighting crime.
An increasing number of prescriptions for a drug used to treat acne are being given despite warnings about its potential side-effects, figures show.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters from the former Shining Path rebel group, who had been operating in the south of the country.
Organisers of the BBC's CarFest festival have resumed after a pilot was killed in a plane crash at the event.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan, Afghan officials say.
US President Donald Trump is set to announce his decision on the fate of US troops in Afghanistan on Tuesday night.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a number of positive global markets.
Ricky Burns may not have won a world title for the first time in his professional career, but he certainly won the most important title of his career.
Myanmar's military has denied allegations by the United Nations that it carried out "crimes against humanity" against the country's minority Rohingya Muslim minority.
Only 15% of victims of crime in England and Wales are given the chance to make a victim statement, the victims' commissioner has said.
An Australian author has won the prestigious Windham-Campbell Prize for non-fiction writing, after receiving an email saying she was in the running for the award.
A 102-year-old German scientist has won back the doctorate that was stolen from her by the Nazis in World War Two.
Stoke City have completed the signing of midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee.
A woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash in Aberdeenshire.
The number of homes being repossessed in England and Wales fell in the second quarter of the year, according to mortgage lenders.
Labour has won the seat of Wrexham West and Wrekin for the first time in the 2015 General Election.
A council leader in Leicestershire has told the BBC News website that cuts in central government funding are making life "chaotic" for local authorities.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
One of the UK's leading tour operators has stopped offering trips to traditional zoos, saying they are "no longer relevant".
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of shows in Las Vegas, Nevada, from April to October next year.
Anglers have been banned from fishing at a country park in East Sussex where a wildlife charity has said it has rescued 25 birds in the last 12 months.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand will be remembered for so much more than just the 3-2 series win over the All Blacks.
Vigilant paedophile hunters should be given more priority over tackling real child sex offenders, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says they must "reflect on the bigger picture" after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council has said it is investigating complaints about people urinating and defecating in public places on Skye.
Mae'r casgliad wedi marwolaeth o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind yn Aberystwyth.
Welsh Elite League champions Cardiff Devils have re-signed forward Joey Haddad for the 2017-18 season.
Moeen Ali's brilliant innings helped England take control of the third Test against West Indies at Headingley.
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch is "not fit to be prime minister", MPs have said in a report into phone-hacking at News International.
The parents of a couple who died from cancer have spoken of their "horrifying" experience of watching their daughter and husband as they lay them to rest.
The government has been urged to "sort out the shambles" caused by a strike by Southern rail drivers in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld i ddau ddyfynu'r cyfeirnod cyffredinol.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has been dismissed and the case adjourned until Tuesday.
Nurses in Sweden have been working six-hour days for the first time in 18 months as part of a pilot project to see if shortening the work day helps improve their quality of life.
Ineos has said it is "a step closer" to restarting production at its Grangemouth petrochemical plant.
League One side Braintree Town have signed defender Sam Clifton on loan from Premier League side Crystal Palace until January.
The family of a baby girl with a rare form of meningitis are raising money to help with her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a short-term deal.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant says it will need up to nine months to bring the plant to a "cold shutdown".
Liberty House, the US-based recycling firm, is set to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's remaining UK plants on Tuesday.
The Vatican has not yet responded to a French request to appoint a new ambassador to the Holy See.
Rangers beat Celtic in a penalty shootout to set up a Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic at Hampden on 10 April.
Two people have appeared in court charged with murdering a toddler who was found with more than 100 injuries.
The family of US actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year, is suing Porsche, claiming the carmaker took safety precautions that could have saved his life.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to support for artisans who lost their businesses in Tuesday's deadly fireworks explosions.
US scientists say they have made progress in developing a new type of flu vaccine that is more like a lollipop.
More than 100 inquests into controversial killings in Northern Ireland's Troubles are to be reviewed by the Coroners' Courts.
More than 1,200 people are now known to have died in the devastating tsunami that hit the Indian Ocean off the coast of southern Sri Lanka on 26 August 2004.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has said the prime minister remains committed to his plan to ban EU migrants from claiming benefits for four years.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice fans have praised the film at its world premiere, saying they are "still not over the #BVSPremiere".
Inmates at a prison where two men escaped through a window have been condemned as "inhumane" in a report by inspectors.
Ivanka Trump, the daughter of US President Donald Trump, has been appointed as a senior White House adviser.
Villagers who bought a Grade II-listed pub in a Derbyshire village have said they feared they would lose it.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to make it easier for black activists to report content they say is "racially biased".
The big question in the debate about the M4 Black Route is not whether it will cost £1bn or £380m, but how much benefit it will bring to the Welsh economy.
Great Britain women's road race and time trial champion Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain team for the European Road Championships.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill said he was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure at the top of the Women's Super League One table with a 6-1 win at Liverpool.
Turkey's parliament is set to give new powers to the police to deal with anti-government protests, including the right to carry out searches without a court order.
A campaign has been launched to save the apartment in London's Hotel Chelsea where Dylan Thomas stayed before his death.
In the shadow of New York's landmarked federal courthouse, on a hill overlooking Central Park in Brooklyn, the New York Red Bulls train rumbles past.
Lego, the Danish toy company, has come under fire for asking customers what they want to do with the bricks it makes, after it asked them not to use them to make art featuring the Chinese artist, Ai Weiwei.
More than 30 people have been arrested in an investigation into suspected match-fixing in Italy's lower leagues, prosecutors say.
Older people in care homes in Wales are being "chemically coshed" by the inappropriate use of antipsychotic drugs, the health commissioner has said.
The year of 2013 was dominated by the flag, the peace process and the G8 summit in Fermanagh.
Swindon Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Josh Cooper on a youth loan until January.
Every primary school pupil in Highland is to be given access to a tablet computer as part of a bid to reduce "false hopes" about the benefits of technology.
Specialist searches are continuing for a missing woman from Conwy county, police have said.
Prisoners at a high-security jail "may not have been justified" in their use of force, a report has said.
Russia says the Syrian army has seized more territory around the ancient city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
A man in the US city of Phoenix, Arizona, has been charged with killing eight people in a series of drive-by shootings, police say.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has defended his country's participation in the latest round of Syrian peace talks in Vienna, saying: "We did not sell out the political future of Syria."
More than 80% of children with a peanut allergy were able to tolerate eating peanuts for the first time after six months, according to the largest study of its kind in the world.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have been accused by Labour of playing a "public blame game" over how to tackle extremism.
In the US, mead is often associated with Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments.
Train passengers are being warned to expect six weeks of severe disruption as work to upgrade the Winchburgh tunnel begins.
Tributes have been paid to a British holidaymaker who was killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned of a "shambles" if Labour and the Conservatives try to cling on to power after the general election.
A visitor centre at an RSPB nature reserve in Suffolk has reopened to the public.
Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games after being sent off for an elbow to the face of Tottenham's Harry Arter.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has long been criticised for not being strong enough to hold the Stormont assembly to account.
A Dorset military museum, which houses a desk belonging to Adolf Hitler, is to use a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to celebrate the centenary of the start of World War One.
Celtic's Moussa Dembele says he is happy to be at one of Europe's "biggest clubs" despite reports linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon praised his side's fightback after they came from behind to beat 10-man Rangers at Ibrox.
An investigation into the murders of three teenagers by serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back, police have confirmed.
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 to help his side beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
The Muslim Council of Wales has said it is "appalled" by the removal of a teacher from a school trip to the United States.
Two brothers sold valuables belonging to their family to fund their brother's fight for so-called Islamic State in Syria, the Old Bailey has heard.
Introducing a scheme to provide a percentage of new housing developments in Northern Ireland with affordable housing will not work, according to a new report.
RB Leipzig maintained their unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season with a 2-1 win over 10-man Hoffenheim.
A man has been rescued by helicopter after getting stuck on a mountain in Snowdonia.
Martin Halkett's injury-time winner gave Livingston a vital win over Rangers to keep alive their slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan are among the football stars who have donated signed shirts to a charity in memory of a footballer who lost his legs in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked and robbed at knifepoint at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire.
Ben Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town and move level on points with National League leaders Forest Green Rovers.
England have named Anthony Watson in their training squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy at Twickenham on Saturday.
South Africa completed a four-wicket win over Ireland in the second one-day international in Cape Town to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Firefighters have been dealing with flooding in Southend after heavy downpours hit the town.
When it came to competing in the Philippines' beauty pageants, Jennifer Seifert had no idea what to expect.
Guiseley and Ebbsfleet came from behind to draw 2-2 in their National League game at Nethermoor Park.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said his country will maintain its military alliance with the US, despite suspending joint military drills with Washington.
AMs are likely to get a vote on whether the UK government can start the formal process of leaving the European Union, a senior adviser to the assembly has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a six-game losing streak in the Premier League.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the most likely name for a new polar research vessel.
Bournemouth have re-signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
A review of the security arrangements in London has been launched by the capital's mayor.
A note from a British general giving orders for the surrender of German forces in World War Two has been put up for auction.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the UK's new culture secretary, the BBC has announced.
A County Tyrone man has gone missing after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of Bulgaria.
Actress Jane Fonda has been honoured by the American Film Institute (AFI) with a lifetime achievement award.
Demand for help for victims of historical child sex abuse in the South West has "outstripped" the availability of services, a charity has said.
Oldham Athletic have sacked striker Cristian Montano following an investigation into allegations of spot-fixing.
"I'm feeling the joints for any signs of arthritis," says the vet.
Nigel Farage has said the "moment may be approaching" for the UK to hold a referendum on whether to remain a member of the European Union.
America was once the world's dominant power.
Parma have failed to find a buyer to buy back their shares in the Italian football club.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of insulting a woman at a campaign rally on Sunday.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to co-host the new series of The X Factor, it has been announced.
A woman whose son was killed in a head-on crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for changes to make the road safer.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a factory in Rotherham which is believed to have been used to make toys for the film Minions.
A British backpacker has been found dead after falling from a moving train in Thailand, police have said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has admitted his side's recent late goals are a "concern" for his future.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Samir Nasri will return to first-team training "in the next two weeks".
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move three points clear at the top of La Liga.
Ghana's veteran politician Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has won the country's presidential election.
At least two people have been killed in clashes between protesters and security forces in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, officials say.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in nine months, and they have done it without conceding a single goal.
At least one person has been killed and several injured in an explosion in southern Spain, according to local media reports.
A meat supplier accused of passing horsemeat off as beef has told the Old Bailey in London that he was involved in a conspiracy to pass off horsemeat as beef.
India's ambitious biometric identity database, which will be the largest in the world, is set to become the world's largest in 2014.
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has revealed details of how it uses its power to intercept internet searches on Google, Facebook, Twitter and other websites.
Welshman Elfyn Evans has finished first in the first round of the World Rally Championship in Spain, ahead of team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
Rebels in Syria have rejected a Russian plan to set up safe zones in areas of the country where they are battling government and rebel forces.
A bubble tea chain at the centre of a row over its refusal to pay staff for their work has said it will now pay them at least the minimum wage.
Exeter returned to the top of the Premiership table with a bonus-point win at Wasps.
A US federal court in Utah has declared a mistrial in the murder trial of a man who was shot dead after approaching a witness who was giving evidence.
Three Welsh cabinet ministers have said they will vote for Yvette Cooper to become Labour's next leader.
Attacks on supporters of both sides of the Brexit debate are "widening and exacerbating tensions in our society", a human rights watchdog has warned.
All photographs by Joseph Fox / Magnum Photos.
The number of people with mental health problems going to A&E in England and Wales has almost doubled, figures show.
All newsagents in Liverpool have been told to stop selling The Sun after a council backed a call for it to be banned.
A driver who killed a six-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed.
Restrictions on bus companies operating in Bristol are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog to see if they are still relevant.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels bombings and other recent terror attacks in Europe show that "terror and fear are not the last words of God".
The US says it has shot down two missiles fired at a US Navy ship in international waters off the coast of Yemen on Sunday.
The government has defended changes to the way disabled people in England and Wales will be assessed for their mobility allowance.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad in the January transfer window.
Mark Molesley scored a late winner as Aldershot upset League Two side Portsmouth to set up an FA Cup second-round replay against Rochdale.
An album of signatures from airmen who took part in the World War Two Dambusters raid has been sold at auction.
Tackling bovine TB in Wales is a priority, the country's chief vet has said.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested as part of the phone-hacking inquiry, Scotland Yard has said.
The Church in Wales has accused Gwynedd council of making a "complete mess" of plans for a new Church-run school campus in Conwy county.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algeria's Bejaia Algerian side 3-1 to win the African Confederation Cup in Lubumbashi on Sunday.
A rights group says it has evidence that Malian soldiers have carried out summary executions of ethnic Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs at a military base in the west of the country.
Liverpool Ladies have completed the signing of England midfielder Jess Greenwood from Notts County Ladies for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening game of the Champions Trophy in London.
Newport Gwent Dragons came from behind to beat Cardiff Blues and set up a Pro12 semi-final with Edinburgh at Murrayfield on Saturday.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to lead the country back to the path of democracy, ending decades of military rule.
Jewellery worth an estimated Â£50,000 has been stolen from a jewellery shop in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who was jailed for falsifying clinical trials has failed to appeal against a decision to strike his name from the medical register.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit unbeaten half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets to take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working condition following a multi-million pound restoration project.
Hundreds of people are to lose their jobs at Tata Steel's steelmaking plant in Newport, it has been confirmed.
Britain's Sarah Cave has won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii, Hawaii.
Former British Prime Minister David Lloyd George has told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that he would not have gone to war in Iraq if he had known what he did now.
Colchester United have signed striker Ryan Guthrie following their promotion to League Two.
Kell Brook says beating middleweight king Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as Mercedes dominated the first practice session.
Darryl Field has set the fastest time of the week in the first practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked by MPs to explain why it failed to approve plans to boost BHS' pension scheme.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was killed by paratroopers during the Troubles in 1971 will not be exhumed until after tests are completed, an inquest has been told.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points after a 1-1 draw at Liverpool, while Arsenal remain two points behind with a 2-1 win at West Ham United.
Richard Hammond says he is "back in action soon" after breaking his leg in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by 48.1% to 51.9% in the EU referendum.
The convener of Scotland's Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning amid a row over the running of common grazings on Lewis.
A man has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of a worker who died after falling to his death from the roof of a warehouse.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has said his life has been "cut off" after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
More than 100,000 relatives of mothers who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for extra National Insurance (NI) credits, according to a leading charity.
Work has started on a multi-million pound sports and leisure park on the Dorset coast.
Two more airlines have announced plans to stop flying to Nigeria, citing restrictions on foreign currency repatriation.
Aston Villa have signed Republic of Ireland striker Tim Krzysztof Kozak from Belgian side Anderlecht for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes and other tobacco products in front of customers.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche deserves more recognition for the job he has done at the Clarets.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the US military says.
Scotland captain Chris Martin believes Saturday's friendly against the French in Metz will be a chance for the squad to show they can compete with the best at Euro 2016.
An Australian court has ruled that a US court was justified in cancelling the visa of anti-abortion activist Troy Newman.
The death of Jon Stewart, the host of US satirical TV show The Daily Show, has been announced by the US Comedy Central network.
Former cabinet minister David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Carmarthenshire council.
England wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with Lancashire.
Star Wars composer John Williams is to be honoured at this year's BBC Proms, with a special tribute concert to celebrate the composer's death.
The SNP has won 56 out of 59 council seats in last week's local elections, according to the official results.
Iraqi government forces must ensure civilians are not killed as they try to retake Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), the UN says.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for gale force winds across north and mid Wales on Monday.
Engineers in the US have demonstrated two new ways to build flexible "skin" devices that could be used to make robots that are more durable and easier to build.
Councillors are being asked to approve plans for a review of the school estate in the Scottish Borders.
Two goals from Abdelhak El Bakhtaoui helped Ayr United to a comfortable win over Airdrieonians in Scottish League One.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with "life-threatening" injuries after being struck by a car.
Author Patrick St Aubyn has won the 2014 Wodehouse Prize for his satirical satire on the Booker Prize.
The BBC will broadcast live coverage of England's World Cup opener against New Zealand at Twickenham on Saturday, 10 November.
California used less water in July than it did in June, the latest official figures show.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park and went on a sheep-killing spree last June has been released back into the wild.
Officials in Florida have removed a mosque from a town where it was due to be used as a polling station for the state's primary and general elections.
Universities and colleges in England and Wales are set to go on strike on Thursday in a row over pay.
China has arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the recent stock market slump and the deadly Tianjin blasts, state media says.
The world's oceans will become more acidic by the end of this century, according to a major new report.
A teenager who died after falling from a cliff in Brighton took LSD with a friend, an inquest has heard.
Uncertainty over the outcome of the UK referendum on whether to stay in or leave the European Union was a factor in the US Federal Reserve's decision not to raise interest rates.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead at the Tour de France as he won the stage 13 time trial in the wake of the Bastille Day attack in Nice.
A bus driver who died in the Glasgow bin lorry crash was aware he had fainted while he was at the wheel of a bus, a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Germany's justice minister has accused Turkey's president of comparing Germany's decision to cancel political rallies in Turkey to Nazi Germany's Nazi practices.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until January.
Edinburgh have announced the departure of Scotland back-row Scott Fife and lock Grant Toolis from the Pro12 club.
At least 11 people have been killed in a series of bombings in the southern port city of Aden in southern Yemen, officials say.
The BBC has signed a new deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League and Anniversary Games for the rest of the 2017-18 season.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament, the president has said.
An 11-year-old American boy has narrowly missed out on the title of National Spelling Bee champion at the World Spelling Championships in Germany.
Goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with League Two side Burton Albion.
Pupils are posting insults about teachers on social media, a teachers' union has warned.
A Canadian woman has said she is "so proud" of her son for saving her and her daughter from a house fire in the middle of the night.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in the running to become the new manager of Swindon Town.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at the Andreas Motorbike Festival in Ceredigion.
Russia has "categorically denied" allegations that it was involved in hacking to influence the US presidential election.
The board of American Apparel has accused former chief executive Dov Charney of repeatedly violating the firm's policy on sexual harassment and discrimination against female employees.
Hundreds of people have gathered to remember a British teenager who was killed while free-running on a Paris rooftop.
At least 11 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in eastern China's Gansu province, officials say.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with a comfortable win at Burton Albion.
The number of homeless people in Scotland who live in private rented accommodation has risen, according to a report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Liam Taylor is set to make his debut for promoter Eddie Hearn's Matchroom Boxing stable at London's O2 in July.
The Dutch city of Amsterdam has become the latest city to adopt an innovative approach to tackling alcohol-related violence.
It's been a long time since we first started talking about artificial intelligence.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Thomas Jung became the first rider to win a Grand Slam at the Badminton Horse Trials as he claimed individual eventing gold on La Biosthetique.
As the island of Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary of independence from China, the BBC's Yashan Zhao reports from the island's capital, Taipei.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration in support for the family of a Brazilian man who died after being stopped by officers.
Newsround's Tulip Mazumdar is in Cape Town, South Africa, following the outbreak of the Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects in babies born with under developed brains.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans to "push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda" at a summit in London.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's poor run of form continued as St Johnstone eased to a comfortable win at McDiarmid Park.
The number of babies being breastfed in England is at its highest level on record, according to new figures.
War and Peace, the BBC's new drama set in Russia in the 18th Century, has beaten ITV's Endeavour and Channel 4's Deutschland 83 in the first night of its UK premiere.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' World Cup qualifying squad will not change their ability to beat Serbia, says captain Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker has told New Zealand police that she and her Czech partner died after getting lost in New Zealand's New Zealand Alps.
The disputed territory of Western Sahara is located in the western corner of North Africa, on the edge of the Sahara desert.
Belfast boxer Donnelly is through to the Olympic quarter-finals after beating Egypt's Abdelhadi Al-Shabazz in his second fight at the Olympic Games in Rio.
An eight-year-old boy has died after getting stuck between a revolving restaurant wall and a wall in Atlanta, Georgia, US police say.
Italy's prime minister has criticised regional leaders who say they will not take in any more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Evgeny Andreyev, has said he regrets suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two.
Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Philippe Charb, who was killed in the Paris attacks, has written a book defending the satirical French magazine's stance on Islam.
Residents and businesses in parts of Calderdale have taken part in an exercise to test the effectiveness of the Environment Agency's flood sirens.
The world's largest piece of concrete has been poured in Hong Kong in China.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a Bradford school.
Historians are to create an archive of photographs of the UK's high rise tower blocks to mark the end of the demolition of the country's post-war housing projects.
Scotland's Olympic judo star Stephanie Paterson has opened her eyes for the first time since being seriously injured in a motorcycle accident in Thailand.
The UK's Brexit secretary has insisted Scotland will not be given extra powers over immigration as part of any Brexit deal.
Hacking tools used by the CIA to hide the source of malware used to spy on targets have been revealed by Wikileaks.
A collection of rare fragments of Islamic prayer paper dating back to the Middle Ages are to go on display at Leeds City Museum.
A late Daniel O'Shaughnessy equaliser earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield.
Britain's defending champion Andy Murray came from behind to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
A councillor has called for the use of local facilities and engineering expertise to carry out repairs on a rig that ran aground in the Western Isles.
Craig Gordon insists he has no problem keeping his place in the Liverpool squad after impressing in the Champions League draw with Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
At least 36 people are now known to have been killed in a landslide in the eastern Colombian province of Antioquia, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have completed the signing of Warrington Wolves winger Josh Ormsby on a permanent deal.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
A key milestone in the construction of London's Crossrail project has been reached.
A man has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Jared Payne's fitness for Ireland's Six Nations game against England on Saturday is in doubt after he missed out on selection for the defeat by France.
A British man who was once held in Guantanamo Bay has been killed in a suicide bombing in Iraq, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen's ankle injury is not serious and will not require surgery, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" in the aftermath of Northern Ireland's vote to leave the European Union.
Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey has been replaced by Mike Ashley as chief executive of the retailer, the BBC has learned.
On the outskirts of Las Vegas, in the heart of America's most populous state, it is easy to forget that Las Vegas is a city with a reputation for being America's holiest city.
The first Test between England and Pakistan in Abu Dhabi was abandoned without a ball bowled as rain washed out both sides.
China beat Japan to win the men's table tennis team table tennis gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will make their first official visit to Australia and New Zealand in November.
More than 200 beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months, figures show.
US broadcaster Gwen Ifill, best known for moderating presidential debates, has died aged 61.
Chris Riddell, Jacqueline Wilson and Malorie Blackman have been named as the UK's children's laureate.
Former Birmingham City boss Robbie Savage says former Hull City boss Steve Bruce would be a perfect fit for the job at Aston Villa.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at police by loyalist rioters in north Belfast.
A sports journalist who was stabbed outside a London Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a man with a hammer.
National League side Chester Town have re-signed midfielder Josh Lloyd on a short-term deal from fellow National League side Bromsgrove Town.
Hibernian maintained their lead at the top of the Championship with a hard-fought win over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty firm Avon has gone into administration in France, with the loss of jobs and the suspension of some of its direct selling representatives.
Three of Formula 1's leading teams have unveiled their new cars for this year's pre-season test in Spain.
A child has been taken to hospital following a crash between a car and a lorry in Conwy county.
A new section of the ceramic poppies at the centrepiece of the 2015 World War One Centenary commemorations have been revealed.
Sir Jeffery Amherst is one of the most famous British colonisers of the 19th Century.
Three-time Boston Marathon winner Rita Jeptoo has been banned from competing in international athletics for two years after failing a drugs test.
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been approved by councillors.
Apple has been ordered to pay an additional penalty after a US court ruled that it continued to use a chipmaker's patent-infringing technology in its iPhone and iPad devices.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 warm-up game against Ukraine at Stade de France on Sunday.
Ian Harsent has won the prestigious TS Eliot Prize for poetry for his latest collection of poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from this year's UK Championship in London's Barbican Centre.
A bar has been fined £20,000 after a teenager was left close to death after drinking a shot of liquid nitrogen which released smoke from her nose and mouth.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of human remains in the Republic of Ireland's Wicklow Mountains on Saturday night.
Inspectors have called for "significant improvement" in the care of older people in the Western Isles.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit with a hammer and stabbed in what police have described as a "horrendous" attack.
Defending champions Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) after losing to Congo Brazzaville on Saturday.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has backed Ollie Ntcham to become a "big player" after the midfielder impressed in his first game for the club in Saturday's friendly defeat by Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge to be built over the Forth Road Bridge have been unveiled.
Cern, the Cern particle physics laboratory, has claimed to have discovered the existence of a Force-like force known as The Force.
UKIP has a "very good chance" of winning more seats at next year's Welsh assembly election, the party's leader in Wales has said.
A Polish deli owner in Peterborough has written to her husband to tell him about the "hate mail and phone calls" she has received since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A man who sexually abused a child in Carmarthenshire has been jailed for 33 years.
A 15th birthday party for a teenage girl in central Mexico has gone viral after her family invited everyone to attend in a video that went viral.
An appeal to raise money for the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a disabled lift at her Dorset home has raised more than £1,000 in donations.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released in Powys as part of an effort to boost their numbers.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, a government inquiry has been told.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at Philadelphia's Temple University in the wake of sexual assault allegations against him.
An object believed to be a World War Two bomb has been found in the sea off the Gwynedd coast.
Carbon dioxide emissions from human-made carbon dioxide may not be as big as previously thought, a study suggests.
Every now and then, a gymnast does a somersault.
St Helens moved to within three points of Super League leaders Hull FC with a hard-fought victory over bottom side Catalans Dragons.
A Denbighshire man who was forced to flee his home after the town's sea wall collapsed three years ago has said he feels "safer" living in the area.
Telecoms giant BT has announced plans to roll out a new service that uses lower-frequency radio waves to improve broadband speeds in the Western Isles.
Fines of up to 100% would be imposed on aggressive tax avoiders if Labour wins the general election, the party has said.
Rugby union officials in England are not doing enough to protect children from the dangers of the sport, a leading doctor has said.
Restoration work has begun at a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight which was used to defend the Solent during World Wars One and Two.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has told MSPs that lessons will be learned from the independent review of controversial mesh implant surgery.
Hundreds of eggs have been stolen from a group of seabed gulls to sell in restaurants and pubs, conservationists have said.
The number of people being prosecuted for dangerous driving in England and Wales is continuing to fall, despite the UK having the second lowest number of road fatalities on record.
A petition calling for an end to the annual dog meat festival in China has been handed in to the local government.
China's Liu Long won Olympic gold in the men's -57kg weightlifting with a record-breaking performance in Rio.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
There's still a long way to go when it comes to fully-immersive virtual reality.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won gold at the inaugural World bouldering championships in China.
A man who attacked worshippers at a mosque in Dundee has been jailed for 10 weeks.
Four people have appeared in court charged with murder after the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Greater Manchester.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a food delivery driver was hit with a golf club and robbed at knifepoint in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales needs to go "further and faster" to achieve equality and fairness, the outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said.
More than 40,000 hectares of commercial forest in Wales need to be re-planted to meet growing demand for timber, according to conservationists.
Two European eels have been found in a river in Norfolk, the Environment Agency has said.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has appeared in a court in India over the death of a policeman who was killed when his car crashed into a bakery, killing five people sleeping in the street.
The year after the 1916 Easter Rising, one of the most notorious killings in the history of the Republic of Ireland, a murder in Londonderry took place on New Year's Eve.
The organisers of the Robert Millar Sportive have revealed details of the route they are planning to take to the Scottish hills to mark the 35th anniversary of the Briton's record-breaking Tour de France finish.
Wales should be able to set its own immigration rules to reflect the country's "cultural, economic and demographic differences", MPs have said.
Patent applications for technology that can track the activity of the brain - such as how the brain works - are on the rise, according to research.
A hospital has apologised after a patient's umbilical cord fell out during a "never event" in which a piece of plastic was left in place after a Caesarean section.
Hungary's prime minister has told the European Parliament that "nobody would like to stay in Hungary, neither in Slovakia nor Poland nor Estonia".
Melania Trump's decision to let her son, Barron, finish his school year in New York before moving to the White House has been criticised by many on social media.
A Labour AM has accused the chairman of the assembly's public spending watchdog of "smears and personal attacks" after he suggested a forensic investigation into the Welsh Government's financial mismanagement.
A firefighter has been sacked after a delay in responding to a 999 call about a house fire in which an elderly woman died.
A Hampshire independent school has announced it will close at the end of the autumn term.
Veteran Welsh artist Helen Williams has revealed a series of new paintings and drawings inspired by her love of watching people.
Bitfinex, one of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges, says it has been hacked by hackers who stole large amounts of the virtual currency.
British amateur golfer Greg Gregory has been studying every pin at Augusta National to help him prepare for his Masters debut.
A French woman who streamed her own suicide on Periscope, a video-streaming app, has been identified by police as a 19-year-old woman who took her own life on the Paris Metro.
A woman who admitted murdering her mother has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to her murder.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday as the US dollar rose against the euro and the Japanese yen.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June, according to official figures.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger's reign as Arsenal manager came to an ignominious end as his side were comprehensively thrashed by Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Three volcanologists have been injured in an explosion on Mount Etna in northern Italy, a BBC reporter has said.
David Cameron has been urged to set out plans to give Scotland more powers after the SNP's landslide win in the Scottish Parliament election.
Warren Gatland's "coaching credentials" could help him in his bid to remain as Wales head coach after his contract with the national side expires, says the Rugby Football Union's chief executive Ian Brooke.
Benfica won the Portuguese league title for the first time in their history with a 5-0 thrashing of second-placed Vitória Guimarães.
Two years ago, Jason Smith was preparing for his first serious bike race since retiring from rowing at London 2012.
Down maintained their unbeaten start to the Division Two Football League campaign with a hard-fought 1-13 to 0-14 win over Meath at Ballybofey.
Tributes have been paid to a "dedicated" and "outstanding" Labour councillor who has died.
QPR midfielder Ryan Townsend has been banned for four months by the Football Association for betting on football matches.
At Manchester City Football Club's training centre in Etihad Stadium, the sound of a drone drone whizzes past overhead.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to say they are living comfortably, according to the latest Federal Reserve survey.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not want to "unpunch the theology of the Bible" about his views on gay sex.
Barratt Developments has announced plans to build a further new homes in Edinburgh and Aberdeenshire.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is due to report its report on the Scottish government's budget plans.
A Canadian tourist has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming, officials say.
Pop star Gary Barlow has surprised shoppers at a shopping centre in London's West End with a surprise concert.
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial bill that would have brought a total ban on abortion in the country.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle a safe deposit company in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid last month.
Wales bounced back from their Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought win over Scotland in Edinburgh.
World champion Justin Gatlin won the men's 100m at the European Indoor Championships with a personal best time of 9.97 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene considers why Ghanaians are so passionate about football.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals ended with a 1-1 draw with Ecuador in South Korea.
A man has been treated in hospital after being stabbed by a gang of men in north Belfast.
West Ham striker Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso's appointment as an adviser to Goldman Sachs has been criticised by France's government.
Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last Formula 1 grand prix.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ryan Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the League One season after breaking his leg in the defeat by Peterborough United.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the UK fell by 39,000 in August to 771,000, official figures show.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has dropped by 34% in the last three months, figures show.
Vincent Dauman, the chief executive of Sumner Redstone Industries, has been removed from the board of the company he co-founded with Shari Redstone.
The Scottish FA has confirmed it is in talks with Scotland's women's national team players over terms and conditions for their future contracts.
Police in Denmark say they are "reasonably certain" that a torso found in the waters off the island of Gotland is that of a missing journalist.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 4-3 win over Forest Green.
A woman has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death after a row over missing cash.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) carried out a number of covert operations in Africa in the 1960s and 70s, according to declassified documents seen by the BBC.
Ospreys fly-half Sam Davies has replaced Dan Biggar in the starting line-up for their European Challenge Cup game against Grenoble.
A leading independent boarding school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform for boys and girls.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to move into the final round of the Australian PGA Championship at Phillip Island.
A road sign emblazoned with the letter 'A' has appeared in the middle of a roundabout in Berkshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farouk Abubaker looks at the freedom of African artists to tell their stories.
For years, a small patch of grassland in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered up with a tarpaulin.
A woman has died following a crash on the A74(M) near Dalwhinnie in Perthshire.
Flights have been cancelled at Cork Airport due to severe weather conditions in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Chris and Gabriella Adcock reached the mixed doubles final of the Badminton World Cup with a straight-set win over the defending champions, the Jordan brothers.
Castleford Tigers have signed back-rower Sione Mata'utia Solomona following his release by St George Illawarra Dragons.
Lord West has said he would not have spoken to Prime Minister Theresa May about the incident in Cardigan Bay in which a Trident missile was fired into Wales.
A man who made a fortune selling Star Wars toys at auction last month is doubling the amount he's made from his collection.
Branislav Ivanovic says Wales face their "hardest game so far" in Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Serbia in Belgrade.
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to take recordings of suspect interviews, reversing a policy that had been in place since 2006.
A former High Court judge has been asked to examine whether existing hate crime laws in Scotland are effective in dealing with incidents such as the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
An under-text bible has been found after a successful fundraising campaign to buy it from a Bible Society in Swindon.
As the result of the referendum in Crimea was announced, the new government in Kiev announced a series of measures to strengthen security in the capital.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Assem Shafiq has won an appeal against a decision to disqualify him from the presidential election.
Derby County assistant manager Jonjo Powell says he is "fine" after being suspended by the Championship club.
National League side Eastleigh have re-signed striker Ryan Preston on a two-year deal.
A man accused of murdering his pregnant girlfriend has told a court he was "shocked and surprised" when he found out she was pregnant.
He was the man who led Watford to the FA Cup final, Aston Villa to the Championship final and England to the Euro 92 semi-final - but who was often criticised for his methods, his methods and his methods.
Markets in Japan, China and Hong Kong led gains in Asia on Thursday as the yen held firm against the dollar.
Police officers in England and Wales are being given new advice to help them deal with cases of domestic abuse.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has announced a new carer's package in a speech in Bangor.
Fidel Castro is one of the most divisive figures in the history of Cuba.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as promotion-chasing Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
In the world of perfume, you never know what you're going to get if you ask someone to describe their favourite scent.
Three youths have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in north Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are holding talks in Paris to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the growing migrant crisis in Calais.
Former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Nicola Brace will make her professional debut against an opponent in Belfast's SSE Arena on Saturday.
Papers showing the poet Dylan Thomas working out the rhyme scheme for two of his most famous poems have been acquired by Swansea University.
A new stage musical based on Sue Townsend's best-selling novel Adrian Mole has opened in a tribute to the author.
A woman has been taken to hospital following a crash between a car and a lorry in Cardiff.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the League Two side by mutual consent after 20 months in charge.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after making anti-Semitic comments on Twitter.
Greece and its international creditors have delayed the start of high-level talks to try to secure a new bailout deal for the country.
More than 20 men have been arrested in Chad in connection with the rape and murder of a young woman in February, officials say.
Plans for a new housing development on the site of a derelict nightclub have been recommended for approval by councillors.
Members of the National Association of Schoolmasters and Women Teachers (NASUWT) in Northern Ireland are to stage another half-day strike in a row over pay.
Netflix has cancelled plans to air a Bill Cosby special after the comedian was accused of sexual assault, the streaming service said.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's best-known television presenters.
A couple have been reunited with their stolen family medals and jewellery after they were found in a bag in Slade Ponds.
Liverpool have rejected a new bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has set out its plans to end the tax exemption for landowners who own sporting estates on the Western Isles.
Nour was born in the Syrian city of Raqqa, where Islamic State (IS) militants were holding her and her two sisters, who were being held captive by the group.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Ryan Mills following his departure from National League South side Whitehawk.
The German city of Hamburg has become the first in the country to confiscate empty commercial property to house asylum seekers.
Warwickshire all-rounder Josh Poysden and off-spinner Alex Mellor have extended their contracts with the Bears.
A chatbot designed to help people challenge parking tickets has been used to help 160,000 people challenge them online.
David Waddington, who served as the Conservative Party's first home secretary, has died aged 80.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at Wales' largest hospital in a bid to ease congestion caused by traffic management measures.
The BBC has denied it faked footage of a hatchling iguana being chased by snakes in the latest episode of Planet Earth II.
A charity set up in memory of explorer William Henry Wainwright has been chosen to raise money to repair a route he pioneered in the Lake District.
Millwall moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a 2-1 win at Shrewsbury.
Action camera maker GoPro has announced plans to cut 15,000 jobs as it continues to scale back its business.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady will remain in hospital to receive treatment for his paranoid schizophrenia, a tribunal has ruled.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to a 72-year-old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
The current extent of Arctic sea-ice floes is likely to be lower than last year's record-breaking levels, according to researchers at the University of Reading.
Liberian club Liberty Town thrashed Algerian champions JS Kabylie 5-0 to set up a Confederation Cup last-32 play-off against Mouloudia Alger of the Desert Foxes.
Norbrook Group, the County Down-based engineering and construction firm, has appointed John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced one of their most impressive displays of the season to thrash Chelsea and move within a point of Premier League leaders Manchester City.
Two rare white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have given new contracts to Jack Kirby, Jack Gumbs, Ben Duggan, Jack Buxton, Jack Ridehalgh and Jack Duggan.
Two North Wales Police officers have been treated in hospital following an incident in which they were involved in a collision with a lorry.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in two separate attacks in west Belfast.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on social media for a promotional tweet about June's Pride Month.
Police are investigating after a couple were left "completely penniless" when their funeral company went out of business.
Rebel Houthi rebels in Yemen have released their chief of staff, who was detained last week as part of a peace deal with the president.
Scientists in Wales are developing a drug that could help footballers avoid long-term brain damage after a head injury.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Mark Federici on a one-year deal.
Two men involved in the Omagh bomb attack have been found to be liable for damages over the deaths of the atrocity, the High Court has ruled.
The president of the Royal Society of Chemistry has called on the UK government to reassure EU scientists that their freedom of movement will be protected after Brexit.
More than half a tonne of toxic smoke would have been inhaled by the public in Scotland if the smoking ban had not been introduced, according to new research.
Bayern Munich continued their perfect start to the Champions League group stage with a thumping 5-0 win over FC Rostov.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with the way his side fought back from 16-0 down at half-time to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull KR head coach Kevin Chester as their new head coach.
Police in Glasgow are calling for CCTV cameras to be installed at the city's Necropolis in an effort to tackle anti-social behaviour at the site.
David Cameron has said he is "deeply concerned" by reports of racist abuse in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all".
Kent County Football Club have reported a loss of £142,659 for the financial year to the end of March 2016.
Syrian government forces say they have recaptured the town of al-Qaryatain from Islamic State (IS) militants.
Six UK students will be starting university studies in the US this autumn, the Sutton Trust has announced.
A young girl called Emily has been named as the winner of a writing competition run by author Jacqueline Wilson.
A Russian diplomat has been accused of attacking a Mongolian rapper who wore a traditional robe emblazoned with a swastika symbol.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a road in Greater Manchester are taking legal action against the council where he was killed.
A body has been found by search teams looking for a missing hillwalker in the Cairngorms, County Antrim.
Spain have qualified for the Olympic men's rugby sevens for the 2016 Games after a dramatic win over South Africa in the World Rugby Sevens Series semi-final.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire that crashed in Oxfordshire in 1940 have been unearthed by archaeologists.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
Karen Gillan, best known for her roles in Doctor Who and Guardians of the Galaxy, is making her directorial debut with a new film set in Inverness.
Harlequins booked their place in the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored late goals to give Juventus a 2-0 lead over Porto in the Champions League semi-final first leg.
Wales second row Jake Ball says he is ready to "put his stamp on the shirt" after an injury-hit autumn international campaign.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a David Bowie memorial in south London has failed to meet its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead at a house in Leicestershire.
Frankie Raymond's late goal gave Dagenham & Redbridge a 1-0 victory over York in the National League.
The X Factor judge Simon Cowell has signed a new three-year deal with ITV to continue judging Britain's Got Talent and The Voice UK.
Russia will be fined by Uefa after flares were thrown at England fans at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, officials say.
Iraqi government forces say they have broken the siege of the town of Amerli, in northern Iraq.
US regulators have said that companies that offer investors the chance to buy and sell digital coins backed by them should be subject to the same rules as traditional investments.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said it was a "huge mistake" for the party to make a promise not to raise tuition fee subsidies.
Katie Bankier became the first Briton to win nine National titles with victory in the women's doubles at the Badminton Scotland Championships in Perth.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast came from behind to beat Algeria and set up a World Cup semi-final against DR Congo.
Call of Duty fans in Singapore have been reacting to a series of promotional tweets that set up a fictional terrorist attack in the city-state.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to breed fish that could significantly reduce the use of chemicals used to treat sea lice.
Voters in North Korea go to the polls on Sunday to choose who will run their country's local elections.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling National Championships in Manchester.
Ian Martin has confirmed that he will not compete in any more races on the Hondas he races on this year.
Venezuelan security forces say they have ended a curfew imposed on the eastern city of San Cristobal.
More than 90% of social housing tenants in Scotland say the right to buy their homes should be abolished, according to new research.
An exhibition celebrating Liverpool's architectural heritage has opened at the city's new architecture centre.
The UK Maritime and Coastguard Agency has said it has no plans to resurvey Loch Ness following the discovery of a new depth measurement for the loch.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named after the author William McIlvanney, who died in December.
The family of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have said they will not blame those who blame themselves for her death.
Three Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to five weeks in jail for assaulting a protester during pro-democracy protests in 2014.
A boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in a "horrific" accident on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress.
Gerry Rafferty, the Scottish songwriter and singer best known for hits including Baker Street and Stuck in the Middle with You, has died aged 69.
A Concorde has docked in Bristol to mark the opening of a new Concorde museum.
Plastic bag charges introduced in England have been blamed for a sharp fall in the number of single-use carrier bags produced at a factory in Lancashire.
Two women in Indonesia's Aceh province have been told they will be beheaded for being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of conspiring to defraud the Welsh government out of millions of pounds.
For a man who has made a career of proving doubters wrong, Michael McKinstry's life as head coach of Sierra Leone's national football team has come to an end.
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says home advantage will be a key to their success at the European Hockey Championships in Glasgow.
A group of Northern Ireland businessmen have submitted a proposal to settle their outstanding debts to Ulster Bank.
UK manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to a survey, which suggests uncertainty over the EU referendum could act as a drag on the economy.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the signing of Republic of Ireland striker Nicklas Makris from German club Borussia Monchengladbach.
Actor and director Robert Wallach, best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died aged 93.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will make their US Open main draw debuts on Monday as the tournament gets under way in New York.
Israel has issued a warning to Israelis travelling to India for New Year's Eve celebrations, saying there is a "serious threat" of a terror attack.
Consumers' confidence in the immediate aftermath of the EU referendum has fallen to its lowest level since 1994, according to a survey.
At least one person has been killed and several injured in an explosion at Aleppo's medieval citadel, a monitoring group says.
The Amazon rainforest in Africa's south-east is "significantly more vulnerable" to climate change than previously thought, a study suggests.
Two men arrested in connection with the murder of a woman who disappeared in Cambridgeshire have been released without charge.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League Two side Yeovil Town Town Ladies have re-signed England Under-19 defender Lauren Howard.
Nigeria's former governor James Ibori has lost a High Court battle with the Home Office over his detention in the UK.
The Scottish FA has apologised to Scottish football fans who received a scam email claiming to be from the governing body.
Welsh race walker Hannah Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be competing at the World Championships on the Mall in London in August.
Yorkshire and England bowler and club president John Appleyard has died aged 91.
A US woman accused of encouraging her teenager boyfriend to take his own life sent him text messages telling him he would be "free and happy in heaven", a court has heard.
Sam Warburton says his decision to hand the Wales captaincy to Alun Wyn Jones was the "best thing for myself and the team".
Five men have been arrested following the death of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in its case against a former Indian navy officer detained in Pakistan in March last year.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been looking at the gender pay gap between men and women in the construction industry.
A pilot scheme to use parents as traffic wardens to tackle illegal parking outside schools has been halted after three months, it has emerged.
Wigan Athletic have parted company with manager Warren Joyce after their relegation from League One.
A man has been jailed for falsely claiming his car was stolen by a hit-and-run driver who killed an 18-year-old boy 12 years ago.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat former champion Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-2 to reach the second round of the French Open.
A left-wing group has said it is "no wonder" so many people have signed up to the Labour Party to back Jeremy Corbyn's leadership campaign.
Chile's president has declared a state of emergency in the areas worst hit by the country's devastating earthquake.
Coventry City's move to the Ricoh Arena has been marked by one of the most memorable moments in the club's history.
National League side Braintree Town have signed Bury Town striker Josh Williams on a season-long loan deal.
BBC Northern Ireland has won a number of awards at this year's Irish Country Music Festival.
In the UK, people who use the internet to shop, buy and pay for goods and services online often get better deals than those who go into a High Street branch.
A bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers, the PSNI has said.
Papers in India express concern over rising tensions between India and China along the de facto border in the Himalayas.
Women's Super League Two side Queen's Park Rangers have signed former Sunderland defender Hannah Staniforth and former Dundee United midfielder Sophie Sjoman.
In the leafy streets of Doha, in the southern part of the Gaza Strip, you can see how the emirate has capitalised on its relationship with Qatar.
A decision has been made not to cut the number of CrossCountry train services north of Edinburgh to and from north east Scotland.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate the stand-off over a drilling rig in the South China Sea.
More than 100 of the cardinals involved in the election process for a new Pope have met in the Vatican for their first meeting since Benedict's resignation.
Elena and her husband, who live in a small apartment in central Moscow, have no savings, no savings at home, and no savings in the bank.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to allow the value of its currency, the yuan, to rise more.
Three people have been rescued after getting into difficulty in the River Nessie in Aberdeenshire.
Ofcom, the UK telecoms regulator, is considering whether to split up BT's Openreach division, which is responsible for running the UK's broadband network.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal case against the French nuclear giant Areva, accusing it of embezzlement and money laundering in a uranium mining scandal.
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa's worst winter storm in 30 years, officials say.
Residents in the US state of Tennessee have been forced to flee their homes after a freight train carrying a toxic chemical derailed and caught fire.
Paralympic gold medallist Helen Brown says she will not change sports to qualify for the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.
A rugby player who died after his car crashed into a roundabout while racing against a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after allegedly ramming a bulldozer into a house in Australia's New South Wales state, demolishing it.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton headed a chaotic session at the Circuit of China.
Cardiff Blues moved three points clear at the top of the European Challenge Cup with a bonus-point win over Pau.
Families who were not given their babies' ashes at a crematorium at the centre of a baby ashes scandal have launched a legal challenge against Shropshire Council.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May's letter to European Council President Donald Tusk, in which she sets out the government's approach to the forthcoming negotiations with the European Union.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the largest in the world.
Customs officials in France have seized a rare 19th Century painting by Rembrandt after it was found on a boat registered in the UK.
MPs have called on Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team doctor to give evidence about a mystery package sent to Team Sky in the wake of an anti-doping investigation.
A man who murdered a shopkeeper in a "barbarbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified killing" in Glasgow has been jailed for life.
What can we learn from the last two weeks of polling about the Scottish independence referendum?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott believes his players' farewells helped give his side the edge in Sunday's Super League Grand Final.
Somerset have confirmed New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson will miss the rest of the T20 Blast with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new junior doctor contract in England have been extended.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed to establish a hotline to deal with the growing threat from militant groups in the region.
The Sydney Sixers will play the Perth Scorchers in the Big Bash League final after a two-wicket semi-final win over the Brisbane Heat.
Barcelona moved seven points clear at the top of La Liga after a comfortable win at Atletico Madrid.
The driver of the train that derailed in Spain's Galicia region had not reported any problem with the tracks before the accident, the head of the country's rail operator has said.
The funeral of one of the youngest victims of the Manchester attack has taken place of a teenager who was a fan of Ariana Grande.
Yorkshire Diamonds were beaten by Surrey Stars in the inaugural Women's Super League One game as Katherine Beaumont's unbeaten half-century helped the Stars to a six-wicket win.
Championship side Fulham have signed goalkeeper Apostolos Petsos on loan from Borussia Monchengladbach until January 2019.
US Federal Reserve head Janet Yellen has said US stock markets are likely to remain "fairly valued" despite concerns about China's stock market.
Gloucester booked their place in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at Kingholm.
Engineers are working to find out why a lorry became stuck in a sinkhole after it became wedged between a road and a quarry.
Nico Lauda and Sir Ben Jules Bianchi were the faces of Formula 1 in 1976, but the story of the British Grand Prix was not all about the Austrian Austrian Austrian and the Briton who would go on to win the world title.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in north Belfast.
Alexandre Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the League Cup.
A number of dogs have been taken ill after being walked near a cricket pitch, prompting an investigation by the RSPCA.
Wales' record-breaking winning streak in the Six Nations is not the "be-all and end-all" for the team, says former captain Barry Jenkins.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi dweud ei defnyddio i garchar Altcourse yn Lerpwl ddydd Gwener.
UK scientists have built "fingerprints" that can be used to identify electronic devices, such as smart phones and computers, at the nano-scale.
Police are warning the public about the dangers of illegally obtained drugs after a pharmacist's premises was burgled in Manchester city centre.
England's remarkable comeback win in the second Test against South Africa at The Oval was a stunning turnaround.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she was "surprised" by the reaction to her victory at the British Championships in London.
At a retreat in the mountains of Pennsylvania in the US state of Pennsylvania, it is not hard to spot where you would expect to find one of the world's most powerful men.
The family of an Irish teenager who was raped and murdered on a beach in India nine years ago have said they are "hopeful" of a fresh appeal against the acquittal of two men accused of her murder.
In Dundee, you don't need to be a football expert to find the answer to the question, "Where's the Blind Derek?"
A woman has been charged with raping and robbing a taxi driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a County Tyrone man who died in a fall in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A Scottish artist has used his sketchbook and sketchpad to create paintings and etchings of the Scottish coastline.
France maintained their perfect start to the Six Nations with a bonus-point win over Scotland thanks to a hat-trick of penalties from Felipe Lopez.
Drivers for ferry operator First Dorset are set to go on strike in a row over pay.
The Enterprise Minister, Jonathan Bell, has said that nothing he could have done to save Michelin's factory in County Antrim would have saved the plant.
The UK, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia are the most generous donors to the humanitarian appeal for Syria, but New Zealand and Finland are the least generous, the charity Oxfam says.
The Revenant has been named best film at the Golden Globes, beating off competition from The Revenant, Steve Jobs and The Martian.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as "the perfect example of what not to do in football".
A guide dog has become one of the most travelled dogs in the UK after flying with EasyJet.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a new legal challenge against President Donald Trump's new travel ban.
We take a look at some of the questions sent in from across the BBC's Reality Check website.
Two professors at Swansea University's School of Management have been accused of bullying and harassing teaching staff.
Wasps flanker Nathan Hughes has been named in England's pre-season training squad.
Derbyshire fast bowler Jack Cotton has signed a new undisclosed-length deal to keep him at the club until the end of the County Championship season.
More than 1,000 people have held candlelit vigils in memory of Shrienne Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa on New Year's Day.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Proclamation has been sold at auction in Dublin.
More than 70,000 payday lenders have been ordered to pay compensation totalling £700,000 to customers who may have taken out loans without affordability checks.
Singer-songwriter Patti Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" in her recovery from a brain aneurysm, according to her friend and partner, musician Phil Collins.
Drivers in Edinburgh are to be charged to travel at 20mph as part of a scheme to introduce a new speed limit in the capital.
More than 1,200 people in Scotland missed five or more hospital appointments in the last year, according to new figures.
Seven women have been named as the new chief executives of British Airways, including one who was made a Dame in the New Year Honours.
The man in charge of the development of the Balmoral Show site has said the road network around the event will not be the same in 12 months' time.
Australia has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£45m) to settle a court case brought by former residents of an offshore detention centre for asylum seekers.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a former employee who was sexually abused by a council worker.
Plans for a glass structure to be built at the site of a former power station on the Solent in Hampshire have been revealed.
Josh Taylor says he has learned to deal with his first-round cut after his Commonwealth super-lightweight title win over Frenchman Eric Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed Grade II listed theatre in Lancashire is to be put up for auction.
Pope Francis has announced that priests in the Roman Catholic Church in the US will be allowed to forgive women who seek forgiveness for abortion without consulting a bishop.
Police in India have launched an inquiry against a couple who claimed to have successfully climbed Mount Everest last year.
Manchester City missed the chance to extend their lead at the top of the table as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
A murder investigation has been launched after an elderly woman was killed in a house fire in Kirkcaldy.
Starbucks, the world's best-known coffee chain, has reported a sharp rise in profits for the year to 2 October.
Mark Webber says he is "very surprised" his Porsche team-mates are on course to win the World Endurance Championship for the first time.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis.
Plans for a new palliative care unit for cancer patients in Gwynedd have been submitted to the Welsh government.
Brighton & Hove Albion moved out of the Championship relegation play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Hospitals in Denbighshire and Conwy county have been "extremely busy" with A&E departments operating 24-hours-a-day.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.3bn) to settle US state and federal authorities for rigging Libor interest rates.
Two children who were banned from playing rugby in the Republic of Ireland because of their poor eyesight have been allowed to return to the sport after the sport's governing body changed its mind.
Edinburgh will host the European Champions Cup finals in 2017, European rugby's governing body has announced.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future looks "very healthy" for the League Two club.
Exeter Chiefs edged past European champions Saracens to set up a Premiership final against Wasps or Leicester Tigers at Twickenham next Saturday.
NHS staff searching for things on Google are being asked to take a quiz to prove they are not robots, the NHS has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup in Yokohama.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said it is "heartbreaking" to see how much rubbish has been found at the site where he was last seen.
The cost of providing free childcare for working parents in Wales could be "significantly higher" than the Welsh Government's initial estimate, an economist has warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama and James Corden are set to appear in a new episode of Carpool Karaoke.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's novel Pride And Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors will take confidence from their comeback win over Wakefield on Friday night to the back end of the Super League season, says captain Kevin Smith.
Ben Duckett, Chris Woakes, Ben Roland-Jones and Ben Duckett have been named as Wisden Cricketers' Almanack winners for 2016.
Five children have been taken to hospital following a crash between a car and a lorry in North Yorkshire.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested following the death of a woman in a crash in Bangor, County Down.
Tom Draper scored a hat-trick as The New Saints came from behind to beat Forfar Athletic in the Scottish League Two play-off semi-final second round.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will have to make "very difficult decisions" in the first year of government in the wake of Brexit.
A former football coach has been arrested as part of an investigation into historical child sex offences.
A host of leading figures from the Scottish arts and charity world have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Care homes in England are having difficulty recruiting and retaining nurses to meet the growing demand for care, the care watchdog has said.
A New York woman accused of driving under the influence of alcohol has told a court that her digestive system causes her to ferment food, her lawyer says.
A gene that helps explain why humans have larger brains has been found in all living humans, scientists say.
Tottenham have completed the signing of Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
Staff at a mental health hospital in Northumberland ordered a pizza with the words "get well soon soon" written on the box.
More than £4.2m is to be spent to repair the damage caused by winter's storms in north and mid Wales.
The BBC Women's Footballer of the Year shortlist has been announced, with five players from around the world vying for this year's award.
Huddersfield Giants confirmed their place in the Super League's top eight with a bonus-point win over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
Rock band U2 have returned to the Republic of Ireland for the first time in 30 years to play one of their biggest ever concerts.
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable 4-0 win over minnows Moldova.
The Met Office has issued an amber "be aware" warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested 13 people in connection with a video of them dancing to US singer Pharrell Williams' song Happy, state media report.
The ex-husband of a woman whose remains were found in the garden of his brother's house was responsible for her murder, a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to take urgent action to tackle air pollution after a court ruled it had failed to comply with a 2015 Supreme Court ruling.
As the first female conductor to lead the BBC Proms, Sarah Alsop has been hailed as a trailblazer in the history of classical music.
A young Afghan woman has told the BBC about the horrific sexual abuse she suffered at the hands of her father, who is serving a life sentence for raping his daughter.
An RAF pilot has been found guilty of causing an aircraft to nosedive and crash-land in the Black Sea in February 2014.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group appears to be increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda.
Iraq's parliament has approved a plan to reform the country's political system, including the abolition of senior posts based on sectarian or party quotas.
Tanzania qualified for the Women's Africa Cup of Nations finals after beating neighbours Kenya 2-1 in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning retained their Olympic gold medal in the women's double sculls with a dominant victory in Rio.
Plans to build a new footbridge across the River Thames in central London have been approved by two councils.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan did not give himself enough time to strengthen his squad before the transfer window closed, says assistant boss Jonathan Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
A body set up by the Irish parliament has voted in favour of legalising abortion in the Republic of Ireland.
Munster have been cleared by the European Professional Club Rugby's Concussion Management Review Group for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a head injury in their win over Saracens.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between Iraqi security forces and protesters in the capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children in "extraordinary, tragic, and complex" circumstances is to be sterilised, a High Court judge has ruled.
Six teams have been shortlisted to design plans for the restoration of a Victorian stately home that was destroyed by fire.
Britain's Chris Froome won the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Footage has been released of the aftermath of a major fire at a market in Norfolk.
Four men have been arrested in the north-east of England as part of an investigation into a suspected terror cell, the North East Counter Terrorism Unit has said.
The Kingdom of Jordan, also known as the Hashemite Kingdom, is one of the most important countries in the Middle East.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered UN agencies to leave the rebel-held region of Luhansk, the UN humanitarian chief says.
India will take part in the Champions Trophy in England and Wales in June.
Former Environment Secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce flood forests to parts of England's countryside to help reduce the risk of flooding.
A Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned its marijuana crop in order to avoid a possible federal raid.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected as the first elected mayor of the Tees Valley.
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no traces of holy myrrh on a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II, despite a claim by a top prosecutor in Crimea that it appeared to be weeping.
US President Donald Trump has announced the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice.
Carrie Howe was born in Iran in 1968, but she grew up in California in the United States, where she found her "safe space" in the computer room.
The history of one of the UK's "most beautiful railway stations has been brought to life in a new exhibition.
Markets in China and Japan were lower on Monday after a survey indicated that manufacturing activity in the world's second largest economy, China, shrank in October.
A man is in hospital with a serious head injury after police used Tasers and a Taser on a gang who tried to break into a jewellery store in central London.
Bayer Leverkusen coach Juergen Schmidt has been banned by the German Football Association (DFB) for failing to control his team's behaviour in the defeat by Hoffenheim.
The rise of the far-right Freedom Party in Austria, Denmark and Finland is the latest sign of growing anti-immigrant sentiment in Europe.
The Green Party has elected its first councillor in Orkney, the party has announced.
A motorcyclist who was killed in a collision with a car and a motorcycle in Edinburgh has been named by police as Damian Piotrowski.
It's been an extraordinary 24 hours for the UK.
A Pembrokeshire man has said he is "baffled" by a postcard that has been missing for 29 years.
Prince Charles has laid a wreath in tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a short-term deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US-based company that makes a cream for eczema to help fill a "significant unmet medical need".
A Canadian who was kidnapped in the Philippines last year by a group of Islamist militants has been found dead, the Canadian government has confirmed.
Madonna has released the video for her new single on Snapchat.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned as "unacceptable and shocking" a new cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a rapist.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union in a "disaster" for the county's economy, campaigners have said.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint in what police have described as "cowardly" robbery.
It's been a night to remember for the Scottish Conservatives.
China's Ding Junhui beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the UK Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for sending poor quality letters to victims of crime in England and Wales.
World number one Angelique Kerber was knocked out of the Australian Open in the second round by Zheng Saisai of China in straight sets in Warsaw.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to remember the last of the Royal Navy's "Channel Dash" squadrons.
The Cassini spacecraft has just returned some of the most important data ever seen from a moon of Saturn.
Thousands of people have taken part in street parties and street parties across Belfast city centre to celebrate the Queen's birthday.
Actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in Poldark, has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a hoax bomb threat after a 16-year-old girl was questioned by police.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jack Marsh following his release by National League South side Dover Athletic.
It has been a season to remember, one of the best in the history of the Premier League.
Eight people have been killed in a balcony collapse in the United States on Monday night.
A US college entrance test has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of a cheating scandal.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the contest.
Midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are returning to the "old Swansea City" after a poor start to the season.
Three police forces in Wales have been told they need to improve their handling of domestic abuse and child sex abuse cases.
Paul Smith's defence of his WBA super-middleweight title against Germany's Juergen Zeuge ended in defeat as the Briton lost a unanimous points decision.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery in a new BBC One drama.
The US state department has said it will not "walk away from charges against India's former consul in New York, despite India's anger over her arrest.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time since 1966.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been awarded the prestigious Martin Ennals Award for its record on human rights at the UN Human Rights Council.
More money must be spent on improving transport links in the north of England to ease congestion, according to a group of MPs.
British number two Dan Evans secured his place in the Australian Open qualifying round with a straight-set win over American qualifier John Isner in Melbourne.
Polling stations have opened across Merseyside to take part in council and mayoral elections.
A six-year-old boy who died after going missing from a house in Perthshire has been named by police.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals after a town in eastern France banned the practice.
Dublin retained the All-Ireland Football Championship with a 3-14 to 1-11 win over Mayo at Croke Park.
More Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry to find out more about learning courses to help them adjust to life in Northern Ireland.
Belarus has been sent home from the Rio Paralympics after an official carried a Russian flag as a protest against Russia's ban from the Games.
A man who was more than twice over the drink driving limit when he crashed his tractor into a farm worker, killing him, has been jailed.
Former three-time Tour de France winner David Millar has returned to British Cycling to work with the team's anti-doping programme.
Residents have said they are "very angry" that a large fire is still burning on their land amid concerns it could pollute nearby water supplies.
Eight men have been arrested by counter-terrorism police investigating Anjem Choudary, the former head of a banned Islamist group.
A new idea to use light waves to boost data rates in the electromagnetic spectrum has sparked a fierce debate about whether it is feasible, and whether it would even be worth pursuing.
The death of Charlotte Bevan, who took her own life after the birth of her daughter, highlights the need to improve the mental health of pregnant and postnatal women.
Worcestershire all-rounder Phil Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
The Welsh Government has been urged to help community energy projects in north Wales which have been hit by huge increases in business rates.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Liam Stephens has been banned for two matches by the Football Association for violent conduct.
Conservative French presidential candidate Francois Fillon will launch his campaign for re-election on Monday, in the face of mounting pressure over his wife's alleged misuse of public funds.
More than two-thirds of UK private sector workers have been forced to return to work when they were off sick, according to a survey.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding added to the block failed fire safety tests.
An Indian doctor has been found guilty of using a false passport and credentials to work as a doctor in Australia.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after the Israeli leader said in a TV interview that a Palestinian state would not be possible.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl who she met in a garage in 2004.
The government has set out its counter-terrorism strategy in the wake of the Paris attacks.
Prime Minister Theresa May must not approach the issue of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland as if she was still home secretary, Lord Alderdice has said.
Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, is to call for better protection for university students in a speech on the rising cost of higher education.
A skeleton of a carnivorous dinosaur found in Mongolia has been sold at auction in the US, despite protests from the country's president.
Wycombe Wanderers goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved a late penalty to earn his side a 0-0 draw against Blackpool in League Two.
The number of people waiting to see a doctor for treatment for mental health problems in Wales is at its highest level since 2011, figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from outside a village hall.
More than 40% of drivers in England, Wales and Northern Ireland have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to the AA.
More than Â£600,000 is to be spent on improving road safety in Greater Manchester's 20mph speed zones despite them being credited with reducing road accidents.
St Johnstone midfielder Kenny Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Perth side.
Labour MP Jo Stevens has rejected a claim that the party has "no chance" of winning an outright victory at the next general election.
A greyhound has been found dead with its ear chopped off after its body was found in the back of a car in Lancashire.
A German court has begun the trial of a woman accused of being part of a far-right neo-Nazi cell that carried out a series of murders in the country's former East Germany between 2000 and 2007.
US TV network Univision has said it will no longer air a beauty pageant owned by Donald Trump.
Hollywood star Tom Hiddleston has apologised for making a "misunderstanding" reference to aid workers in his Golden Globe acceptance speech.
A multi-million pound shopping and entertainment complex in Newport city centre has opened to the public.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC that central banks may not have the tools to tackle the country's economic problems.
Politicians have been talking a lot about how they will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescuers in Italy say they are facing a "race against time" to find survivors of Wednesday's devastating earthquake.
The names of the victims of the Shoreham air disaster will be read out at a service to remember those who lost their lives in the crash.
A row has broken out between Devon and Cornwall's police and crime commissioner and chief constable over plans to move his office to the force's headquarters.
Australia's government has announced a multi-million dollar drought assistance package to help drought-stricken farmers in Queensland and New South Wales.
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to bring charges over the death of Sandra Bland, who hanged herself in jail.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Ryan Nolan on a short-term deal.
Judd Reding is through to the semi-finals of the UK Championship after a 4-3 win over Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh.
Derbyshire bowler Tim Benkenstein hopes to have an operation on an Achilles injury that could keep him out for the rest of the County Championship season.
The partner of a man who was killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" when she realised her partner had been killed.
Mae Penodiad Cymru wedi dweud ei penodiad i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013.
Barrow have appointed Hartlepool United manager Kevin Cox as their interim boss until a permanent appointment is made.
Cadbury's decision to drop Fairtrade certification for all its chocolate products in the UK has been welcomed by the Fairtrade Foundation, one of the world's leading environmental groups.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the 2013 National Book Critics Book Prize for her novel Americanah.
A Dundee United fan has been fined for striking a Rangers fan in the head with a glass bottle during the Scottish Cup semi-final with Celtic.
US security officials say they are keeping a close eye on potential threats ahead of Sunday's Super Bowl in California.
Bolton Wanderers' Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane on Saturday, according to the club's director of medical services, Dr Paul Tobin.
A man has died following an incident in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in pre-season testing at Barcelona's Circuito de Barcelona-Catalunya as Mercedes continued their preparations for the 2016 season.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential curator of contemporary art, according to a list of the most influential figures in the art world.
Oil giant Shell has apologised in Malaysia after a cardboard cutout of a female employee was used in adverts for its gas and petrochemical products.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael eu cyhoeddi ar wefan Fy Ysgol Leol.
When Prof Richard Benton first started working in the food industry, he had no idea that oil was going to become an increasingly important ingredient in our diets.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship were all but ended by the end of day three against Kent at New Road.
North Korea says it has successfully tested an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capable of striking the US, South Korea and Japan.
The Information Commissioner's Office says it has seen an increase in the number of complaints about unsolicited calls and texts about fraudsters trying to steal people's pension savings.
A County Antrim man is challenging a decision not to refer two brothers convicted of lying in court as witnesses in the Tommy English murder trial to the High Court.
Young people in England and Wales are being warned not to buy cosmetic contact lenses for Halloween because they pose a risk of spreading eye disease.
A Byron restaurant worker who was deported from the UK after being arrested in raids at the chain's restaurants has said he is "saddened" by the way the Home Office treated him and his co-workers.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Sam Cole from National League South side Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Michelle Dockery, who plays Brienne of Tarth in Game of Thrones, is to star in the new series of Top of the Lake.
The County Armagh-based software firm First Derivatives has reported a pre-tax profit of £14m for the six months to the end of September.
A serial burglar has been banned from entering alleyways in Manchester after he was jailed for a series of break-ins.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny will visit Downing Street later to express his concerns about the UK's possible exit from the European Union.
The Scottish government has called for an inquiry into undercover police spying after the UK government refused to extend the Pitchford inquiry north of the border.
Lazio have been banned from playing their next two Europa League games behind closed doors, Uefa has announced.
A US judge in New York has ruled in favour of Apple in the latest court battle between the US government and the tech giant over access to an iPhone.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes broke out between his supporters and protesters.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new deal to stay with Ospreys until the end of the 2017 Six Nations.
A girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the League One club.
A train carriage used to carry Winston Churchill's coffin to his state funeral has been restored for the first time in 50 years.
More than 3,000 naked people have been photographed for an art exhibition celebrating Hull's successful bid to become UK City of Culture.
Recordings of the sound of bells pealing out New Year's Eve and Christmas carols have been discovered by curators at the Museum of London.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after the BBC's satirical programme Have I Got News for You was used on its election campaign website to mock the party's Nigel Farage.
Engineers have built an octopus-like tentacle that could be used to help surgeons carry out "minimally invasive" surgery.
The world's largest steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Heather Flatley's Lord Of The Dance: Dangerous Games.
Some staff at a Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire radio station are to be relocated to a new base in Powys, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the authorities to seize the assets of five oil companies that have been drilling for oil in waters around the Falkland Islands.
Thousands of people have gathered to watch the last flypast of the B-52 bomber over Greater Manchester.
The Energy and Climate Change Secretary Ed Balls has been talking about the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system.
A new app that uses facial recognition technology to identify public figures has been launched in the UK.
Rory McIlroy moved up to second in the world rankings after Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title of the season in Shanghai.
A coastguard search for a kayaker reported missing off the coast of County Down has been declared a hoax by the coastguard.
Facebook has announced new ways for businesses and other social networks to post directly to its Messenger app.
It's that time of year when the world's most powerful leaders turn up in the UK.
US special forces are to be deployed to Iraq to target Islamic State (IS) militants, Defence Secretary Ashton Carter has announced.
Egyptian security forces have raided several US-based human rights organisations as part of an investigation into foreign funding, activists say.
In the grounds of the Natural History Museum in London, there's a small, dark room with a metal door.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a beach in Pembrokeshire.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast because singer Jesy Nelson was unwell.
Work has started on a new centre to commemorate the Battle of the Somme.
Ryan Owens scored a hat-trick as Widnes Vikings maintained their push for a top-eight finish with a bonus-point win over Warrington Wolves.
South Africa is one of the world's most visited tourist destinations.
League Two side Tranmere Rovers have completed the signing of striker Kallum Watkins from Chesterfield for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq index of leading US shares closed sharply lower on Wednesday, led by declines in technology and healthcare stocks.
I am on the phone with a group of Sri Lankan women in a room in Saudi Arabia's Olaya detention camp.
US President Barack Obama has said he is "delighted" after the Supreme Court ruled in favour of his healthcare law.
A great-grandfather who escaped from custody in 1974 has been sentenced to three years in prison.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have held a vigil in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to remember Pope Shenouda, who died on Saturday.
A man's body has been found in the back of a car in Nottinghamshire.
Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" photograph has gone viral.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised by England striker Marcus Rashford's call-up for Euro 2016.
MPs have backed calls for an immediate review of civil partnerships in the same-sex marriage bill.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant at Dundee University have been severely damaged in a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored a hat-trick as Barnet maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a 3-1 win at Leyton Orient.
The number of drug users in Wrexham is on the rise, according to the latest figures released by the town's health board.
Tanzania's archipelago of Zanzibar has cancelled its presidential and parliament elections, the electoral commission chairman has said.
More than 5,400 new jobs were created in Wales in the wake of the EU referendum result, according to government figures.
At least 80 people were killed in a chemical weapons attack in north-western Syria in April, according to a new report by the chemical weapons watchdog.
A Yemeni militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula (AQAP) has called for the release of prisoners captured by the Yemeni security forces.
A Scottish man has been reunited with his suit after it was accidentally stolen from his luggage on a train to remember the Gallipoli campaign in World War One.
British Paralympic gold medallist Sir David Weir has been criticised by British Athletics after saying he will still compete at the London Marathon.
Up to 76 jobs are to be cut at Shrewsbury College in Shropshire, the college has announced.
An investigation is under way after an allegation of malpractice in a business studies exam in Belfast grammar schools.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has surprised fans at Glastonbury with a short surprise set at the festival.
One of the men who helped to bring an end to the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone in 2014 has been speaking to the BBC about his experiences during the country's civil war.
Brentwood and Ongar MP Sir Eric Joyce has announced he is to stand down as an MP after 25 years in Westminster.
Leaders Paris St-Germain missed the chance to extend their lead at the top of Ligue 1 as they were beaten 2-0 by Lyon.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has signed a new, undisclosed-length contract with the Italian champions.
Wearable, health-focused gadgets are the new big thing in the tech world, but what happens to the data they generate?
The Vatican has declared as a miracle a second miracle attributed to the late Indian nun Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be declared a saint.
Two unexploded World War Two bombs have been found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Second hand Volkswagen (VW) cars have continued to fall in value despite the diesel emissions scandal, according to new research.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple's request to help the FBI unlock an iPhone.
The body of one of the victims of the AirAsia plane that crashed in the Java Sea has been formally identified, Indonesian officials say.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle were knocked out of the Camanachd Cup after losing 3-1 at Kilmallie to Oban Camanachd in the quarter-finals.
Belgium has launched a major anti-terror operation after two suspected Islamist militants were killed in a raid on a train station in the western town of Verviers, prosecutors say.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council staff to track down dog owners who fail to pick up after their pets.
A "sozzled" squirrel has been caught by a member of a railway club after running across the bar's pumps and drinking from the tap.
Scottish Labour is calling on the Scottish government to reveal what it knew about allegations that Police Scotland spied on journalists.
A US man who spent 28 years in prison after being convicted of murder has been cleared of the crime following a new investigation by police.
Five traders in Edinburgh have been handed fixed penalty notices after being found to be illegally dumping waste in bins meant for residents' waste.
Relatives of two prisoners who died in self-inflicted suicides at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a legal challenge against the governor and the government.
The Red Arrows will be replaced within the next year or two, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Actor Lord Rix, who is terminally ill, has called for a change in the law on assisted dying, saying he wants to "put an end to this misery, pain and discomfort".
Defender Ryan Johnson has signed a new contract with Stoke City.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused French Ligue 1 side Bastia of making monkey noises to him during their 2-1 defeat by Bastia on Saturday.
Members of the RMT union have voted in favour of going on strike in a row with Virgin Trains.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury.
The resignation of Top Gear host Chris Evans was just the latest in a series of high-profile resignations in the UK.
Bees in 17 European Union countries are dying at higher rates than anywhere else in the world, according to a new report.
The body of the son of murdered North Korean leader Kim Jong-nam has been returned to the country via China, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has announced it will end its partnership with the US comic book character Wonder Woman after a campaign to promote gender equality.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital after a gas explosion on the Western Isles.
A man has appeared in court accused of racially aggravated behaviour at a far-right anti-refugee rally.
A boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
People living in Liverpool may have to pay more in council tax to fund the city's green and open spaces, a report has suggested.
Nigeria's government says it has shut down a radio station that broadcasts from a group calling for a breakaway state of Biafra.
A homeless former soldier who has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours for his work with the homeless charity Groundswell has been given a knighthood.
Boeing has shown off a new laser that can be used to track down and destroy drones.
Five people have been arrested following the death of a teenager who was stabbed to death in north London.
Crusaders will look to use their win over Glenavon on Saturday to boost their hopes of retaining the Irish Premiership title.
Former Liverpool striker John St John believes some of his former team-mates are developing dementia as a result of their time in the game.
BBC Sport lists all the sport featured on BBC Radio 5 live.
A new portrait of Mozart has been painted to highlight the composer's "dark" and "controversial" side.
Hundreds of 'Boris bikes' are to be installed in Bristol as part of plans to double the size of the city's bike hire scheme.
India completed an innings victory over Sri Lanka in the second Test in Galle to level the three-match series at 1-1.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said the PGA Tour's decision to move a major golf tournament to Mexico City is a "sad day for Miami, the game of golf".
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland have been at the centre of a long-running legal battle.
Rock stars including Queen and Status Quo have paid tribute to Rick Parfitt, who died on Saturday.
Car insurance premiums will rise by an average of £13.50 a year, the AA has warned, as the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate rises.
A goal drought ended for Derby County, while an England Under-19 striker continued his goal-scoring form for Bristol City.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side's preparations for the League Cup.
The rector of Abertawe University has called on the Scottish government to withdraw proposed changes to the way Scotland's universities are governed.
Cardiff City will not make a decision on whether to offer striker Peter Whittingham a new contract.
A drilling rig is to be sent to the Beatrice Field in the Western Isles to help with the decommissioning of the site.
World champion Mark Selby says he has not yet reached the peak of his form at the World Snooker Championship.
The husband and wife of French presidential candidate Francois Fillon have been questioned by police investigating claims that his wife, Penelope, took illegal payments.
Plymouth Argyle captain Ryan Kelly has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after an incident in the 2-1 defeat by Barnsley on Saturday.
National League strugglers Guiseley Town have signed midfielder Joel Smith on loan from National League North side Wrexham until January.
A sculpture of the late musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in a park in Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
Two missing Red Hot Chili Peppers phones have been found at a house in Northumberland after being stolen during the band's concert.
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Suffolk.
Former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Pat O'Donnell has said he was "not prepared" for the level of nervousness he would experience on the show.
Eight octopuses are in the running to become the next 'psychic octopus' to predict the results of the Women's World Cup.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager Gary Lynch following their relegation from the National League.
A blind man has won the men's title at the World Conker Championships.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his car.
At the Paris Air Show, one of the highlights of the world's largest aerospace and defence exhibition, a spooky-looking object is being unveiled.
What is it like to live in one of London's most exclusive nightclubs?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and of not doing enough to protect Venezuela and Iran.
The Church of England is to sell investments in companies that make money from the production and sale of fossil fuels.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is confident his players can turn the club's poor run of form around.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Champions League knockout phase were dented as they were comprehensively beaten by Olympiakos in the first round of the Europa League.
The US state department has said it expects Pakistan to respond to the attack on an Indian air force base in Pathankot "the way they've said they would".
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan has returned to the country.
Three Liberal Democrat MPs have lost their seats in the Scottish Parliament election.
MPs in Madagascar have voted in favour of a motion of no confidence in President Hery Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook's record-breaking innings of 263 helped his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow have agreed to end a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Did we really need to know this was going to happen?
A giant bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in a bid to break the world record for the largest in the UK.
A suspected firearm has been found in north Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in jail for the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl in April.
Mexico's interior minister, Luis Felipe Galindo, has been sacked over the deaths of 42 suspected drug traffickers in a police raid.
Airlines and travel agents have been warned that flaws in the systems they use to book flights could be exploited by hackers.
More than 90% of police officers in England and Wales say they feel morale in the service has dropped, according to a survey by the BBC.
Leeds Rhinos maintained their perfect start to the Super League season with a bonus-point win over Salford Red Devils at Headingley.
Oxford's Westgate Road will continue to be made pedestrian-only when the shopping centre is finished next year.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) says it will take "appropriate steps" if the security situation in Bangladesh is not "acceptably safe".
Two councillors have been arrested as part of an investigation into allegations of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and witness intimidation.
David Cameron says he is "absolutely convinced" there will need to be treaty changes to the EU in order to "fix the problem of the eurozone".
Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson has criticised his side's attitude after their 1-0 defeat by Tranmere Rovers on Saturday.
Staff at the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh have said they are "delighted" that a rare corm which produces a stench of rotting flesh is starting to bloom.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will take place in Manchester on 29 October.
A woman has admitted murdering three men who were stabbed to death in Cambridgeshire.
Unmanned drones that can be controlled using only the brain's ability to control them have been developed in the UK.
A new contractor has been appointed to demolish the former RWE NPower site at Didcot Power Station where four men died in a collapse.
Indonesia's main opposition party, the PDI-P, appears to have performed better than expected in the first round of parliamentary elections.
Two of the world's biggest brewers, Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller, say they have agreed terms for a possible merger.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m to improve access to tennis courts across Britain.
The South West of England is set to get the largest share of a new fund to tackle the shortage of affordable housing, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence program developed by US scientists is taking part in a new contest to see if it can beat the best human poker players.
Two men have been jailed for the murder of a County Antrim restaurant owner who was stabbed to death in what was described as "one of the most vicious attacks" by a PSNI detective.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group says it has launched a major offensive against government forces in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour.
A court in Vietnam has sentenced a French-Vietnamese writer to three years in jail for subversion.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the World Cup.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year, helped by strong growth in streaming and vinyl, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay compensation to customers who sued the firm for claiming it was charging them for unsafe rides.
Officials in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where a tourist was mauled to death last week.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be remembered in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey.
A man who killed a 16-year-old girl who was raped and murdered in 1976 has been jailed for life.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet in a move seen as an attempt to restore stability in the world's youngest state.
The Russian space agency says it has lost control of a spacecraft that was due to deliver supplies to the International Space Station (ISS).
In the schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon, the children play with their crayon drawings.
Two people have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of Cape Town in South Africa.
A number of homes in Norfolk were flooded after heavy downpours, the fire service said.
A cat that was found dead under a car in Edinburgh was poisoned with antifreeze, according to the Scottish SPCA.
The American minor league baseball team, the Salt Lake Owlz, have apologised for a promotion for "Caucasian Heritage Night", saying it was "misconstrued" in the wake of the Charleston church shooting.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a missing woman from Milton Keynes.
What do you do when you're sick on stage at the eve of the biggest night of the year?
Two men have died following a head-on crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's return to the top of the Premier League has been hailed as a success story that will live on in the city's history.
Middlesex opener Nick Gubbins continued his fine form with a fine century against Somerset at Taunton.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he regrets the UK's decision to go to war in Iraq in 2003 but has not publicly apologised for it.
A hen party celebrating the wedding of a bride-to-be and groom had their "best laid plans" go wrong when their boat got stuck in mud.
Harry Potter actor Benedict Cumberbatch is to play William Hartnell, the creator of Doctor Who, in a new episode of the show.
The European Commission says it has reached an agreement with the UK government to back plans to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
An image has been released of a man police want to speak to in connection with the kidnap and attempted murder of a woman and her boyfriend.
Work has started on a Â£2.3m refurbishment of the former Anglesey market hall in Abergavenny.
Ministers are considering changes to the law on police stop and search powers in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
New Glentoran manager Tony Haveron has challenged his players to show their "passion and pride" in Saturday's Irish Premiership derby against Linfield at Mourneview Park.
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Gwynedd hospital.
Dundee manager Grant McCann has given his players a day off after they were beaten by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the League Cup.
The Republic of Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 when it gained its independence from Czechoslovakia.
Burton Albion have not ruled out re-signing former Derby County midfielder Ryan Barker, says manager Nigel Clough.
People are being asked to share their memories of a derelict bowling pavilion from a Ceredigion park as part of plans to turn it into a tourist attraction.
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a 2-0 win over Belgium in the Netherlands.
Google has confirmed that it shut down a unit that was developing drones that could have provided internet access to remote parts of the world.
A man who was being treated in hospital for an assault has escaped by jumping from a hospital window in Manchester city centre.
Prof Frank Pantridge, the British doctor who invented the portable defibrillator, was known for his pioneering work in the field of heart disease, but his private life was not always as well known.
The Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the World Superbantamweight Boxing Series (WSB) final at London's O2 Arena.
Championship side Oldham Roughyeds knocked out Super League side Hull KR in the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a bonus-point win.
The mayor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has announced plans to turn the city's notorious Evin prison into a park.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in Edinburgh.
Two men have been convicted of the rape of an under-age girl after a decision by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to drop the case against them.
In the wake of the death of French footballer Fabrice Muamba from a cardiac arrest, questions have been asked about whether he was unfit to play football.
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has continued to fall, according to figures from the Audience Research Group.
A festival to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is getting under way in Dumfries and Galloway.
Jose Tedesco, the youngest coach in German football history, has signed for Schalke on a two-year deal.
Celtic have been fined by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group game against Galatasaray.
A towpath at an aqueduct in Carmarthenshire is to be closed to the public while repairs are carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has introduced new rules to deal with crowd trouble.
Maoist rebels first emerged in India's north-eastern states in the early 1970s.
Scientists in the US and the US-Canada have used a new technique to trace the lineage of individual cells in fish.
Paralympic champion Dame Sarah Storey won gold in the women's road race at the Para-cycling Track World Championships in Switzerland.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption, a court in Tel Aviv has ruled.
The prime minister has defended his government's "progressive" and "radical" policies in the Queen's Speech, which includes plans to monitor internet use and crack down on extremism.
Two crocodiles have been shot by Australian wildlife rangers searching for a boy who was attacked and killed by a saltwater crocodile on Sunday.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their World Cup disappointment if they fail to beat Switzerland in Monday's Euro 2016 qualifier in Basel.
A mobile phone app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire who are at risk of taking their own lives.
Two County Tyrone men have been given suspended sentences after thousands of tyres were found dumped on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka set up the second Test against Australia with a five-wicket win in Colombo to level the series at 1-1.
Typhoon Hagupit, one of the most powerful typhoons to hit the Philippines in a year, has made landfall in the capital, Manila, with winds of up to 250km/h (155mph).
Ireland all-rounder Ian Rankin has announced his return to international cricket after two years out with England.
When Zinedine Zidane was sacked as Real Madrid manager on 27 February 2016, it was one of the worst results in the club's history.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced changes to the county cricket schedule for next season.
A "five-figure sum" is expected to be spent to repair a medieval market cross damaged by a hit-and-run crash, a town trustee has said.
The Indian Ocean archipelago of Reunion is a French overseas department in the Indian Ocean with a population of about 865,000.
The new US secretary of state and defence secretary have said the US is willing to co-operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism and other issues, as tensions between Washington and Moscow continue to escalate.
England's Justin Rose moved two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the RSM Classic in North Carolina.
Alan Stubbs says Rotherham United "fit in" with his ambition to manage at the "very top level" after leaving Hibernian.
In the shadow of Mosul Dam, in northern Iraq, Othman al-Halqi and his family still rely on the Tigris River to provide their livelihoods.
West Ham co-chairman David Gold has been given a lesson in the art of social media etiquette.
A Powys butcher has said he is "gutted" after turkeys, ducks, chickens and pigs were stolen during a break-in.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to son Leo.
Leeds Rhinos say it will cost £1m to rebuild their flood-damaged training ground and it will be six months before they can resume full-time training.
Six teenagers have been found dead in a wooded hut in northern Germany, apparently from carbon monoxide poisoning after a birthday party, police say.
Corruption was a key tool used by so-called Islamic State (IS) to recruit people to the group, according to a report.
Lewis Hamilton says it will be "exciting" to watch the tightest race of the season between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists have discovered a new hotspot of high-altitude heat in the atmosphere around Jupiter's Great Red Spot.
Bradford Bulls have been granted permission to rejoin Super League by the Rugby Football League.
Leicester Riders are looking to add the British Basketball League Championship title to their BBL Trophy as they prepare for Sunday's final against Team Northumbria.
Kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a 2-0 win over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has the highest rates of obesity and the highest death rates from cancer in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been killed in a car ram-raiding incident in central Paris, French police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, according to official figures.
A trainer has said he is "heartbroken" after the wrong horse was declared the winner of a handicap horse race at Newmarket.
The UK's former cabinet secretary has said it is a "low-probability event" that the UK will not leave the EU after the referendum result.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a cement factory in Bangladesh's western Chittagong district, officials say.
The president of France has recalled the Nazi death camp at Natzweiler-Struthof, where 50,000 people were held by the Germans in World War Two.
Google's security team has given a student who tried to buy the Google.com web address a "bug bounty" for spotting an error in the search giant's system.
The Home Office has been urged to set up an inquiry into the policing of the so-called Battle of Orgreave.
Mark Johnson scored a late winner as Motherwell beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to keep alive their hopes of a Premiership play-off place.
One of the world's richest men is known for his philanthropic mission, but who is he and what do we know about him?
A Conservative MP has said he has been the victim of a "vicious smear campaign" after being reselected for re-election in Stoke-on-Trent Central.
Some companies in southern India have declared Friday's release of superstar Rajinikanth's latest movie a national holiday in a bid to reduce the number of unproductive leave requests.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom is in a critical condition in hospital after being found unconscious at a Nevada brothel.
It was a strange day in Brussels.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has stood by his claim in a 2012 book that he had never used illegal injections of performance-enhancing substances.
More than 1,600 baby spiderlings have been released into the sea at a nature reserve in Suffolk.
Aung San Suu Kyaw, the leader of Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD), has announced her party's candidates for the country's presidential and vice-presidential elections.
A US teenager is using artificial intelligence to teach computers how to diagnose breast cancer.
Sudanese state TV and online activists are continuing to promote the military campaign against South Sudanese rebels in the disputed town of Heglig.
More than 1,000 people have objected to plans for a new housing development in a Pembrokeshire village.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by 224,000 in the past year, according to official figures.
British artist Jasper Johns Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for a painting depicting a leper squint.
Nigeria's most wanted man, who has been arrested in connection with a spate of kidnappings, has filed a lawsuit against the police.
Northern Ireland striker Aaron Paterson admitted he was left scratching his head after his side's 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan in Tel Aviv.
The Republic of Ireland's finance minister has been asked to ensure Nama appears before a parliamentary committee investigating the controversial Nama loan sale.
A burst water main caused flooding at a railway station in south-west London, causing cars to become submerged in water.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering whether to abdicate, according to reports in the Japanese media.
A company that planned to drill a deep borehole to test drill for gas at a quarry in County Fermanagh has been blocked by the environment minister.
MPs serving in the Welsh assembly should be given a bigger role in scrutinising legislation, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Wales has said.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European Union countries in the event of the country leaving the European Union, the BBC has learned.
Napping for more than 60 minutes at night may increase the risk of developing type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's hockey team have missed out on a place at the Winter Paralympics after losing to Slovakia in a play-off at the World Championships in Japan.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by the army in 1972 are to be exhumed by police to try to determine whether the bullet was fired by a military unit.
The shortlist for this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards has been announced, including a novel by Trainspotting author Irvine Kelman.
When it comes to scoring goals in the Derby County v Nottingham Forest derby, few players will admit to trying harder than their team-mates.
House prices in the North East of England were the fastest-growing region of the UK in the year to the end of July, official figures show.
NHS staff in London are reluctant to move outside the capital because of the cost of living, according to a survey by the Royal College of Nursing (RCN).
Karrueche has announced that she is no longer in a relationship with Chris Brown.
The family of a woman who was found dead in a Texas jail cell three days after being arrested have denied she previously tried to kill herself.
In the tradition of US presidential campaigns, the United Nations is embarking on its own version of "Campaign 2016".
N-Dubz have said they are "surprised" to be nominated for four prizes at this year's Mobos.
Five people have been arrested as part of a major anti-drugs operation in Gloucestershire.
South Africa have called up batsman Stephen Cook to their squad for the third Test against England in Cape Town on Saturday.
Anti-fascists who took part in a counter-demonstration in Brighton were some of the "most intolerant people you could come across", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for their first official visit to the Himalayan kingdom of Thimphu.
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has declined significantly in the last 40 years, according to a new survey.
The head of the equality watchdog has said she will take legal action against a property tycoon who banned "coloured" people from renting his properties because they "smell of curry".
At least 11 people have been killed in a tank explosion and derailment by a train in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, officials say.
A man has admitted the manslaughter of a grandmother who fell to her death from a motorway bridge while trying to steal her handbag.
Lewis Hamilton won the World Championship for the first time in his Mercedes career with a thrilling victory at the United States Grand Prix.
The family of a boy who was killed in a motorbike accident in Greece have said they are "mortified" by the outcome of an appeal hearing.
A life-size replica of Thunderbirds' Lady Penelope is being auctioned to raise awareness of dementia and funds for Alzheimer's Society.
GCSEs in England are to undergo the biggest shake-up in a generation, the exams watchdog Ofqual has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria's head coach with immediate effect, the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has announced.
The government is considering curbs on the rights of EU migrants who come to the UK from Romania and Bulgaria when temporary work restrictions end at the end of the year.
A man who tried to groom a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for 10 years.
More than 95% of patients in England's accident and emergency departments are now being treated within four hours of arriving at hospital, figures show.
An investigation has been launched after three children were removed from foster parents in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, because they were members of UKIP.
A fan in Aberdeen has bet £1,000 on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men's singles title.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a "violent attack" in Rutherglen, East Lothian.
The former governor of the northern Mexican state of Tamaulipas, Tomas Yarrington, has been captured in the United States, Mexican officials say.
Nicolas Bonne scored a late equaliser as Chesterfield earned a point at Colchester United to move out of the League One relegation zone.
The iconic Tower Bridge in central London is to be closed to traffic until December for essential maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on ITV's The Voice UK, it has been announced.
A new series of adult spoofs of Enid Blyton's famous Famous Five children's books is to be published in November.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in the head and chest.
The success of reality TV show Towie could be a "bubble" for Brentwood, according to the town's council.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in May 2005.
Microsoft has agreed to sell a large number of patents from AOL to Facebook as part of efforts to defend itself against legal action.
British and Irish Lions flanker Tommy Bowe made his comeback from a knee injury as he played for Ulster A against Ulster B in Thursday's Pro12 game against Munster.
US President Donald Trump has denied that there are any recordings of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a "clear agenda" to improve public services in Wales, the party's leader in the assembly has said.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has been "rushed" by the club's transfer policy, according to director of football Craig Levein.
Residents have been asked to patrol the Welsh mountains to help firefighters tackle grass fires after a spate of blazes.
US President Barack Obama's hometown of Chicago is set to be chosen as the preferred location for his presidential library, US media report.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the year to March, boosted by a weaker yen and a tie-up with carmaker Suzuki.
A woman who changed her middle name to Star Wars character Luke Skywalker has been told her passport has been cancelled by the Passport Office.
A man and a woman have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after being arrested by counter-terror police.
Belfast's Ciara Mitchell and Sean Kirk-Smith won their respective titles at the Santry Cross Country Championships on Saturday.
Rangers and Dundee United will play Celtic in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals at Hampden on the weekend of 16/17 April.
The death of Bisma Baloch, the baby girl who died in Pakistan's southern city of Karachi on Wednesday night, has sparked outrage at the apparent failure of security protocol surrounding a visit by the country's prime minister.
Relatives of the six people who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant have said they want answers about why they were killed.
Scottish League Two promotion hopefuls East Stirlingshire eased to a comfortable win over Queen's Park.
Coventry City Council has taken in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in England and Scotland.
A US court has sentenced a Nigerian man to life in prison for trying to blow up a passenger jet on Christmas Day in December 2009.
Holiday firm Tui Group has said it was "deeply shocked" by the attack in Tunisia in June that left 38 people dead.
A World War Two bomb has been found in the Irish Sea off the Aberdeenshire coast.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case brought by Christian groups opposed to a law requiring employers to cover the cost of contraception.
The record-breaking attempt to fly a solar-powered plane around the world using only the Sun's energy has been forced to make an emergency landing in Japan.
Celtic have given 13-year-old striker Karamoko Dembele his debut for the club's under-20s side.
Kidderminster Harriers boss Colin Gordon's time in charge of the club has been one of the best in the club's history, according to chairman Gary Brown.
Broadcasters in the US have been forced to apologise after their equipment was hacked to broadcast a "sexually obscene" podcast.
Manchester City secured a fourth-place finish in the Premier League with a hard-fought draw at Swansea to secure their first top-four finish under Manuel Pellegrini.
American Tom Watson holds a one-shot lead after the first round of the Shenzhen International at Shenzhen Golf Club.
Tom Doughty's injury-time winner gave Swindon Town their first win under new manager Luke Williams as they beat Millwall in League Two.
Theresa May has been urged to "explain" why she allowed cuts to police officer numbers in England and Wales to continue despite warnings that they were putting the public at risk.
Former Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Albert Reynolds has died aged 80.
Coventry Cathedral has been lit up in the colours of the EU flag to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the German city of Dresden in World War Two.
Singer-songwriter Peter Sarstedt, best known for his hit song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died aged 69.
Former children's laureate Laureate Laureate Helen Blackman's novel Noughts and Crosses is to be turned into a TV drama for BBC One.
Six men have been charged with a series of sex offences including rape and attempted rape.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
BP has said it is withdrawing a "small number" of staff from its office in Libya as a result of "ongoing political uncertainty".
It was meant to be an opportunity for head teachers to tell the education secretary what they think about the government's approach to education.
A number of patients were evacuated from a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in west Belfast after smoke was seen coming from a "bed pan washer".
A 19-year-old man has been charged with the murder of bodyguard James Hayden, who was stabbed to death in east London.
The mother of a teenager who was killed by a train has said she feels "huge guilt" that she did not give him more support when he was still alive.
The star of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filth".
The UK is to become the first country in Europe to import hydro-electric power from Norway directly into its electricity network.
A man who offered to give people a lift home after the Manchester Arena attack has said it was "heartening" to see people "pulling together" to help those affected by the attack.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park in the country's Karoo region on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign was a strange one.
Ipswich Town ended a 10-game winless run with a comfortable victory over QPR at Portman Road.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is "unprecedented" in terms of the number of new cases and deaths.
Sixteen petrol bombs have been found in east Belfast following an attempted petrol bomb attack on police officers.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the second Sentinel-1b satellite, which will be used to map the Earth from space.
Fishermen's leaders have called for Scotland to leave the European Union after the UK voted to leave.
A bus driver who was killed in a crash with a car and a private ambulance in North Yorkshire has been named by police.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-and-a-half-year contract with the Spanish champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's visit of Ross County will be the "biggest game" of his career.
A car owner has said he was "devastated" to discover his cars had been damaged by flash flooding in Fife.
East Dunbartonshire Council's ability to provide good quality services in the future is at risk, according to a report.
A man has been jailed for 30 years for the 1985 rape of a woman in Warwickshire.
The centenarian Chinese scientist credited with the development of one of the most important writing systems for the Chinese language was born in the US, but has lived most of his life in China.
Stevenage have signed striker Ryan Hyde on a short-term deal following his release by National League rivals Barnet.
The Crucible Theatre and Chichester Festival Theatre have been nominated for outstanding contribution to British theatre at this year's Royal Variety Performance.
Steven Naismith hopes Norwich City's new manager, Daniel Farke, will give him the chance to prove his worth at Carrow Road.
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in gerbils.
Work has started on a multi-million pound development of shops and restaurants in Oxford city centre.
Voters in Tunisia go to the polls on Sunday for the first time since the ousting of long-serving President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.
The son of Johnny Cash, John Carter Cash, is to release a posthumous album featuring previously unheard recordings of the late singer.
Children who have experienced domestic abuse are three times more likely to develop poorer health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic FC kit man has appeared in court to face child sex offences charges.
Three Scottish runners have been named in Team GB's athletics squad for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Port Vale manager Jose Ribeiro has left his position at Vale Park by mutual consent.
A third of secondary schools in England have closed or attempted to close their libraries, according to a teachers' union.
Mae Gwasanaethau Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod adeiladu Grenfell Tower wedi cael cyngor meddai i beidio ceisio dianc.
Bournemouth have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about players available for drug testing.
A festival to mark the death of a Tudor princess, who was cast aside by Henry VIII, has taken place at Gloucester Cathedral.
The UK government has granted a royal pardon to World War Two codebreaker and codebreaker Alan Turing.
US President Barack Obama has visited a museum in Jamaica dedicated to the life and music of Bob Marley, on his first visit to the country since taking office.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Notts County has been postponed because of a pitch that was deemed "unfeasible".
Scotland's Russell Knox has enlisted the help of former Masters champion Sandy Lyle as he prepares for his Masters debut at Augusta National.
Middlesex wicketkeeper-batsman Ben Simpson has signed a new contract to stay with the club until June 2019.
A US appeals court has blocked President Donald Trump's order to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities that refuse to help with immigration enforcement.
The Archbishop of Westminster has said the government's plan to bring refugees to the UK directly from Syrian refugee camps will have the unintended consequence of deterring Christians from seeking sanctuary.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say they have found the remains of two female foetuses in a drain.
Wales women eased to a bonus-point win over the UK Armed Forces in their autumn internationals at Twickenham.
A man has been jailed after being found guilty of making a hoax bomb threat against a hospital in Inverness.
A former member of The Smiths has revealed how he and Morrissey discussed the possibility of reuniting the band.
Mark McGhee has been appointed as the new manager of Motherwell.
The world's major shipping routes are becoming increasingly vulnerable to natural disasters and climate change, according to a new report.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted on Friday after overhead power lines were damaged in Northumberland.
Scientists in the US have shown that using a blood test to detect early signs of ovarian cancer could improve survival rates.
What is it about England's Six Nations performances that make them stand out?
Two people have been found dead in the rubble of two buildings destroyed by an explosion in New York City, officials say.
Smartphone maker Samsung has announced a new Android-powered handset that will be released in the UK on Wednesday.
Large gatherings of people, such as the annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in India, could become hotspots for the spread of antibiotic resistance, according to research published in the journal Science journal.
A man has died after being stabbed to death in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint that a mural of Alice in Wonderland at a primary school in Edinburgh is racist.
Britain's Kyle Edmund was knocked out of the Rogers Cup in Montreal after losing to third seed Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals.
St Johnstone have extended the contract of striker Scott MacLean to keep him at McDiarmid Park.
Twenty years ago this week, the world was watching as scientists in Scotland successfully cloned a sheep called Dolly the Sheep.
A man who was caught by a paedophile-hunting vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl in a shopping centre car park has been jailed for 10 years.
At least 25 people have been killed in clashes between Islamic State (IS) militants and Kurdish fighters defending the Syrian town of Kobane, close to the Turkish border.
The cost of building a new road bridge in West Sussex will be reduced by £1.8m, the BBC has learned.
One of the oldest poppy collectors in Gwent is celebrating his 100th birthday.
GardaÃ­ (Irish police) are investigating after human remains were found in the back garden of a house in County Fermanagh.
Pep Guardiola's first game as Manchester City manager will be against his old club Manchester United.
Energy firm Aggreko, which supplies power to the Olympics and Winter Games, has reported a sharp fall in profits.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a Fife baker who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of being involved in the Kingsmills murders.
A mystery man who posed as a clown to scare children near schools in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by the prank.
At the memorial service for the murdered Russian ambassador to Turkey, a small group of mourners gathered outside the Turkish parliament to remember him.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, the Surrey mansion destroyed by fire in July.
Since the result of the referendum on 23 June, I have been talking to people who campaigned for the UK to remain in the European Union.
Mae adar gerddi Cymru yng Nghaerfyrddin nos Sadwrn i ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste scored the winner as Preston beat Norwich to move into the Championship play-off places with victory at Carrow Road.
Police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse affair have been told they face being taken out of special measures unless they make changes to the way they are run.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until January 2017.
A GP has been banned from practising for two months after he admitted assaulting a patient he had been called to treat.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support following his victory in The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to be remade as a TV series for Fox, according to reports.
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to score a hat-trick in one-day internationals as he took three wickets against Sri Lanka.
The UK government has banned the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (IS, formerly Isis/ISIL), al-Qaeda in the Levant, al-Shabab and Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.
Estonia, one of the three Baltic states, shares the island of Mull with Latvia, Lithuania and the Czech Republic.
Residents in Dumfries are being asked what issues need to be addressed to improve access to and access to schools in the town.
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City manager at the end of the Championship season.
A former police helicopter pilot who secretly filmed naked people having sex has been found guilty of misconduct in a public office.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's justice committee has received a letter from the chairman of the Law Society of Upper Bann asking for evidence about the Nama loan sale.
A Spanish man, Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed in the London Bridge attack on Saturday night, has been awarded the country's highest honour for his "heroic" actions.
England's Phil Mickelson has been forced to withdraw from The Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after a disastrous second round.
First Lady Carla Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a glass gondola to allow visitors to ride under the Humber Bridge have been unveiled.
Have you been keeping up to date with the latest news from Newsround?
Bromley moved off the bottom of the National League table with a 1-0 win at home to Torquay.
Labour has announced plans to allow grandparents to share in unpaid parental leave if the party wins power.
Australia's Olympic silver medallist Sarah Tait has died aged 46.
The Royal Shakespeare Company has defended its plans to stage Richard III in Leicester Cathedral next to the king's grave.
A new chief executive has been appointed as the new head of the Public Complaints Commission for Wales.
A Belfast-based rocket company, which was hailed as a boost for Northern Ireland's aerospace industry, has gone out of business.
New Zealand ran in eight tries to thrash France and set up a World Cup quarter-final against South Africa with a bonus-point win in Auckland.
The Peruvian space agency has launched a new satellite to provide unprecedented views of the country's vast copper and gold deposits.
Turkey's military action against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" for the entire region, the prime minister has warned.
West Ham United has been ordered to reveal the terms of its lease to rent the Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Michelle Payne, the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup, has tested positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players after their Champions League qualifying defeat in Romania.
Sri Lanka's prime minister has said that the country's mangrove forests are worth US $2.9bn (Â£2.4bn) a year to the economy, and are vital to its future development.
Derek McInnes said Aberdeen "ran out of legs" as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic.
More than 700 employers in London have agreed to pay the capital's voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has said.
Pamela Geller is an American blogger and right-wing activist who is best known for her controversial views on Islam.
Former McLaren boss Ronny Wurz has been approached by the Manor F1 team to replace Ronny Ryan, who has resigned from the team.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a United Nations study.
South Korea's An Sung Kang An won his first European Tour title with a six-shot victory at the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Aberdeen's hopes of qualifying for the Europa League second qualifying round were ended by Luxembourg side Fola Esch in the first leg of their first qualifying round tie at Pittodrie.
Conor McGregor has confirmed he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship's (UFC) card at UFC 200 in August.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after defending champion Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race.
An art gallery in Cheltenham is hoping to raise enough money to restore a door with a portrait of the last owner of the town's Whitbread store.
Boris Johnson, the Foreign Secretary, has been in the news a lot in recent days.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the Bush administration as the next director of the FBI.
A row of Victorian beach huts in Dorset are to be restored with a grant of £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Russian military says it has been unable to retrieve data from the "black box" of a jet shot down by Turkey in November.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in second practice at the Isle of Man TT.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC) has denied being asked to resign.
A County Antrim hospital is setting up a new database to track the cases of babies born with a rare condition where they share a placenta.
Olympic gold medallist Dani King says she is considering a return to the track for Wales' women's team pursuit squad for the Rio 2016 Games.
"I know you will keep on hating me, but who cares," said Qandeel Baloch, the Pakistani teenager who became an internet sensation after posting naked photos of herself on social media.
The Institute of National Remembrance (INR) in Warsaw has published a list of Nazi death camp guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau in World War Two.
Olympic gold medallist and mixed martial arts champion Sam Clifton was inspired to pursue a career in the sport after he was offered the chance to compete in the European Championships in Germany.
Claudio Ranieri has urged his Leicester City players to fight like "gladiators" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died following a crash between a car and a lorry in north Belfast.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing woman who went missing after leaving a nightclub in Swindon.
The Department of Health has announced an extra Â£1.5m in funding to improve autism services in Northern Ireland.
A World War Two torpedo has been found during work to prepare Portsmouth harbour for the arrival of the Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth.
Labour and Plaid Cymru say they are "confident" they can find a way to elect a new first minister.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that Russia feels like it is living in the Cold War.
A new species of shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after it was discovered off the coast of Panama.
Scientists have created a super-sticky glue that mimics the sticky mucus of a slug to make it easier to apply to the body.
A private company that provides emergency call-handing services for the NHS in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire has been ordered to make improvements by health bosses.
Two British girls who survived a boat accident in Indonesia by swimming for eight hours after their vessel capsized have been rescued, their mother has said.
The owners of a derelict former hospital building in Denbighshire have put the property up for sale.
When McLaren-Honda say they are disappointed with their qualifying results at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, it is easy to think they are talking about their worst-ever start to the season.
Police are appealing for information after a "significant" amount of money was stolen from the purses of cadet cadets in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes will be among the performers at Donald Trump's inauguration.
A report into a boat crash in which nine people were injured has said the collision could not have been prevented.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found at a house in County Down have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
A Pembrokeshire man who stabbed himself in the neck after being remanded in custody for sexual assault has admitted the offence.
US director Terrence Malick and actor Tom Ford are among the official contenders for the top prize at this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has been re-elected with an overwhelming victory in Sunday's presidential election, opposition leader Kizza Besigye has said.
The family of a woman who was killed in a head-on crash have paid tribute to their "inspirational" daughter.
South Africa maintained their perfect start to their World Cup defence with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Spain's banks will need 59.3bn euros (Â£42bn; $57bn) to plug a "hole" in their finances, the country's government has said.
"My mum calls me the British version of Jason Bourne," says Johanna Konta.
Hollywood star Liza Minnelli has cancelled two UK appearances in which she was due to give a talk about her life and career.
A man has been questioned by Spanish police in connection with the murder of notorious criminal Bernard "Goldfinger" Palmer, who was shot dead in a "professional hit".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in north London.
In the aftermath of the Finsbury Park attack, many people took to social media to highlight the fact that the man who carried out the attack was white.
The youngest victim of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he did not see his friend Philip Steele after the crush at Hillsborough.
The stars of Britain's Got Talent have taken to the red carpet at London's Royal Albert Hall to promote the show.
Former Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he will have to wait four months to return to the English Football League after leaving the club.
Chelsea defender David Luiz has agreed terms to leave the club to join French side Paris St-Germain.
The founder of Kids Company, the collapsed children's charity that was given £42m of public money, has said it was not doing the charity a favour.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing in Monaco have said they feel "kept in the dark".
Nico Rosberg says the momentum is on Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton's side as they prepare for the Spanish Grand Prix.
The father of a boy who disappeared in 2002 has been charged with kidnapping.
Plans to commercialise some of Wales' forests could be put forward by the environment minister on Tuesday.
Investment in new drama on the main UK TV channels has continued to fall, according to a report by Ofcom.
Scottish Attorney General Michael Matheson has said it would be "better if all parties refrain from making comment while the investigation is taking place".
The route of the Olympic torch relay route in the East and North East of England has been revealed.
Whistleblower says that it will publish more details of the CIA's alleged hacking tools only after they have been "effectively disarmed".
The first thing that strikes you about Ulsan, South Korea's largest shipyard, is that it doesn't feel like home.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died in a house fire in Carmarthenshire has been told she was likely to have died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
How can you get into cycling and get involved in the sport?
In order to improve the safety and efficacy of new drugs, scientists need to know what happens when they are given to people.
Thousands of Army personnel preparing for, serving in or returning from overseas conflicts are to face redundancy, the government has announced.
A project which aims to raise awareness of the achievements of people with learning disabilities in the arts has been launched in Wales.
Eder Varela's injury-time equaliser earned the USA a point against Portugal to keep alive their hopes of reaching the last 16 of the World Cup.
British Rowing has said it is "looking into concerns and issues raised" by an ex-coach who claimed the team operated with a "culture of fear".
Scientists in the US say they have developed stem cells that can produce cancer-killing toxins to treat brain tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after two children were hit by his car in Leeds.
A British man has set a new Guinness World Record for bouncing the most times on a pogo stick.
Plans to build a new railway stop to ease congestion around Reading FC's stadium have been given the go-ahead.
Police are appealing for information after a missing car was found in Hertfordshire two decades after it was last seen.
Jodie Mead's England Under-20 World Cup heroics may not be enough to earn her a call-up to the senior national side, but she is already targeting promotion to the Women's Super League One.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has condemned the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors centre Ben Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Two cats have been put to sleep in separate incidents in Carmarthenshire, prompting the RSPCA to issue a warning to pet owners.
Benik Afobe has been named in the Democratic Republic of Congo's final squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign.
Channel 4 is switching off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to encourage viewers to go to the polls.
A film about the unlikely friendship between gay miners in Neath Port Talbot and the National Union of Miners (NUM) in the 1984 miners' strike has opened in the West End.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack on a sports event in Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to develop a tourist zone on the Red Sea coast, which will include the construction of hotels, restaurants and housing.
More than 30 cars have been destroyed in a fire at a Citroën car dealership.
Fleetwood Town moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places after a goalless draw with National League side Tranmere Rovers.
The United Nations has called for an integrated education system in Northern Ireland.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car in a shopping centre car park.
The Beatles are in the top 10 most valuable album sleeves of all time, according to a new list.
Juan Martin del Potro reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a hard-fought win over third seed Stan Wawrinka.
A small earthquake has struck in the central Italian region of Abruzzo, prompting a warning for schools to be evacuated.
The Northern Ireland tourism industry has been urged by tourism chiefs to develop a strategy for the future of the sector.
Two people have been charged in connection with the death of a three-year-old boy who drowned in a water park.
It’s rare for Walt Disney to talk about how they’re going to use technology to bring their much-loved brand of storytelling to new forms.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Spanish striker Gerard Deulofeu from Premier League rivals Manchester City for an undisclosed fee.
A number of paintings believed to be by Adolf Hitler have been sold at auction in the German city of Nuremberg.
A group of football supporters calling for a public inquiry into West Ham's deal to rent out the Olympic Stadium to British Athletics has had its petition calling for an inquiry rejected.
Northern Ireland's first minister has said she will seek a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to assess her options to deal with the Stormont budget crisis.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says more work is needed to prepare his side for the World Cup in Japan in September.
A volunteer from Aberdeen Shorewatch has captured a "stunning" image of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen Harbour.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will "wipe out" 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitudes.
A fire at a Tudor hall in Greater Manchester is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
A wind turbine has collapsed on a wind farm in County Armagh in the Republic of Ireland.
More than 200,000 people in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, were left without power in the early hours of Christmas Day after a cyber-attack on an electricity substation, a report says.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
The parent company of Fox News Channel, 21st Century Fox, has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine to succeed Roger Ailes as its new chief executives.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen last year.
The news of Muhammad Ali's death has led to an outpouring of tributes and memes on social media.
Scotland Yard's anti-corruption unit, CIB3, has carried out investigations into a Met policeman over allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution; and a recruit who admitted stealing a wallet containing almost £2,500.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister calling for a second runway at Gatwick Airport to be given the go-ahead.
Former States of Guernsey minister Peter Parkinson has been re-elected to the St Peter Port North seat in a by-election.
The European Union has welcomed Canada's decision to resume importing beef from the EU, in recognition of the EU's fight against the deadly BSE virus.
A decision to close Brecon Barracks in Brecon, Powys, has been described as "abhorrent" by an MP.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has banned his critics from using social media to criticise him.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to hospital after breaking a bone in his leg in a fall at Balmoral Castle.
An initiative to help women from black and ethnic minority groups get into work has been launched by the Scottish government.
The governor of the northern Brazilian state of Amazonas has asked the federal government to help in the search for scores of prisoners who escaped from a prison where 56 inmates were killed in a deadly riot.
Shane Williams has left Ospreys to play in Japan's top flight for the first time.
Shares in mining companies were lower on Friday, following falls in commodity prices in China and the US.
A UK ticket-holder has won a £24.6m Euromillions jackpot, the biggest prize in the game's history.
A man suspected of being involved in Thursday's deadly car and bomb attack in the Chinese city of Urumqi has been detained, state media says.
The death of a young boy in Aberdeenshire dominates the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, George Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the cast of Russell T Davies' new BBC One adaptation of Shakespeare's The Dream.
The editor of PM has said he is "very much taken with" a schoolgirl's suggestion to replace the chimes at the end of the famous Westminster chimes.
A body found in a wooded area in Northamptonshire is being treated as murder, police have said.
A prison watchdog has said there was "no possibility to achieve an alternative outcome" in the case of an inmate who died after falling unconscious in his cell.
Archaeologists have uncovered human remains believed to be from a medieval cemetery in Peterborough.
Canada's new Liberal government has dropped an appeal against a court ruling that upheld a law requiring a woman to wear a full-face veil, known as a niqab, when applying for citizenship.
An island in Japan's western Kuril Islands has seen an increase in the number of tourists visiting the island, which is inhabited by feral cats.
Hollywood actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in a small wedding in southern France.
The Labour leader is to call for an increase in the amount paid to unpaid carers who look after elderly, disabled and seriously ill family members.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been released on bail after being filmed hitting a pedestrian following a church service in Los Angeles.
Media commentators across Europe are calling for urgent reform of the European Union in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the EU.
Edinburgh moved to within a point of Premiership leaders Glasgow Warriors with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
A French court has sentenced a woman to 18 years in jail for the murder of her two children, both of whom she gave birth by caesarean section.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals look increasingly remote after they were thrashed by French giants Clermont Auvergne.
Scotland's education secretary is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person Act later.
The family of a missing French student have said they are "desperate" for information to help find him.
The creator of the popular messaging app Yo, which allows users to send "yo" messages to friends, has said he is taking security issues "very seriously".
In Scotland, there are two types of pubs.
Businesses in Snowdonia are being encouraged to ask visitors to donate to help fund a project that aims to encourage people to give to local businesses.
The former national security adviser to former President Barack Obama has denied leaking information about Trump administration officials who were caught up in intelligence reports.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
West Indies will play Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 final after Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard starred in a stunning semi-final win over Australia.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he hopes Wilfried Zaha's request to play for Ivory Coast will be approved by Fifa.
Jeremy Corbyn has defended Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after she was jeered by a member of the Scottish party's leadership debate.
Two goals from Ryan McManus helped Morton to a comfortable win over Alloa Athletic.
Farmers in the UK have been speaking to Newsbeat about how they'll be affected by the end of milk quotas.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman Gary Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.
At least one person has been killed and dozens injured in clashes between management and workers at the Maruti Suzuki plant in northern India, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens believes the Six Nations relegation debate will only be discussed in a couple of years time.
A man has been threatened with a gun during a car-jacking in County Armagh.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led an orchestra in a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony on the last day of their tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a curfew in the capital, Freetown, to try to curb the spread of the deadly Ebola virus.
Germany's Maximilian Walz won Olympic gold in the men's 200m kayak at the Canoe Slalom in Rio.
SSE has abandoned plans to upgrade the main electricity transmission line between Inverness and Kirkwall.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a backbencher after sharing a graphic which appeared to support Israel's decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem.
A Polish man has been sentenced to life in jail for plotting to bomb the country's parliament in the capital, Warsaw, in May 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says satellite images show North Korea appears to be restarting its nuclear reprocessing plant.
A koala named "Bear Grylls" has survived a head-on collision with a car in South Australia after its head became stuck in the grill of the vehicle.
Leeds United have signed striker Jonas Antononsson from Swedish club Kalmar on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Walsall have signed defender Sean Leahy following his departure from Falkirk.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of the deadly Ebola virus by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, says it has arrested a man suspected of leaking information about its activities online.
Voters in Hong Kong go to the polls on Sunday to choose their next district councillors, in what is being seen as a key test for the city's pro-democracy movement.
Manchester United and Manchester City moved back to the top of the Premier League table, but it was not the only side to make it back-to-back wins on Sunday.
Comedian Dieudonne, best known for his role in the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, has been detained after saying he was "feeling like Amedy Coulibaly" in the aftermath of the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for using the word "language" in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women in the UK to learn English.
A girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in the US state of New Jersey.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after an incident at a McDonald's restaurant in Larne, County Antrim.
Ministers will need to introduce 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU, the Institute of Government (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has defended Raheem Sterling's apparent dive in the 2-2 draw with Tottenham, saying the England striker was "too honest".
Labour's general election defeat in Wales is at least as bad as under Michael Foot when the party was in "dire straits", former Welsh Secretary Robert Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is good enough to make his England debut, according to former Samoa international Denny Monye.
Police Scotland's handling of the roll-out of a new system for dealing with emergency calls has been criticised in a report by the police watchdog.
The funeral of Liverpool's legendary hairdresser Herbert Howe has taken place.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted in what is believed to be the country's strongest eruption in six years.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says his playing days are "coming to an end" at the League Two club.
A restaurant in Australia has started serving puppy food to dogs.
An extra £20m is to be invested into general practice in Scotland over the next year in a bid to ease pressure on GPs.
A debut novel by Hilary Mantel has won an award for its "intense" crime novel, Someone Else's Skin.
A couple who claim they were treated like "monsters" after their baby girl collapsed and bled to death in hospital have said they feel "bitter towards the hospital".
A court in Israel has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to undergo psychiatric treatment.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury following a crash in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.
Supermarkets are continuing to cut the cost of uniforms for children as they prepare for the start of the school term, in what is being dubbed a "price war".
The National Audit Office (NAO) has published its findings on the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies that provide public sector services.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship in Germany.
The Cassini mission to Saturn is coming to an end, after its final flyby of the gas giant's moon Titan.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has used her speech in San Diego, California, to try to win over independent and Republican voters.
Shares in Mattel, the US toy-maker best known for its iconic Barbie dolls, have risen after reports that it is in talks to buy rival Hasbro.
Farmers and wildlife groups have set up a new group to tackle the spread of TB in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farouk Moussa looks at how octopuses on the Indian Ocean island of Zanzibar provide a vital source of income.
Rurik Jutting was 19 when he killed his first two victims in his Hong Kong flat.
A controversial plan to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire is set to be discussed by councillors on Friday.
Venezuela's interior minister says two men have been arrested in connection with an attack on a military barracks in the western city of Valencia on Tuesday.
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry has been announced.
Featherstone United secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Halifax.
Relatives of the victims of the Kingsmill massacre have said they are "disappointed" that an inquest into their deaths has been delayed because of a lack of a coroner.
Birmingham City Council's children's services have been rated "good" by the Care Quality Commission.
Five MPs and peers have written to David Cameron urging him to remove foreign students from the government's net migration target.
IAAF president Lord Coe is the right person to lead the IAAF, says the man who wrote a damning report into the organisation's handling of doping.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues who was being held in police cells because of a lack of hospital beds has been found a "place of safety", police have said.
Thailand has cancelled the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch (HRW) on human rights in Vietnam after police said the event could be a threat to national security.
In the aftermath of the devastating fire that destroyed the Grade II-listed Tudor mansion at Pembrokeshire in September last year, a number of historic carvings have been saved.
Astronomers have released new images of the asteroid that passed by Earth on Sunday night.
A New Mexico man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle has pleaded not guilty to two charges of aggravated assault.
Jockey George Best, who was seriously injured in Saturday's Irish Grand National at Aintree, has been taken out of intensive care, the Injured Jockeys Fund says.
The new MP for Aberavon and Merthyr Tydfil, Stephen Kinnock, says he has been given a telephone extension in the House of Commons, but he has no office.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the more unusual gifts given to world leaders.
A road worker who was killed in a crash with a lorry has been named by police.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the top of New York's tallest building after a crane collapsed, officials say.
A Dallas police officer has been fired following the fatal shooting of a teenager who was killed in a confrontation with a car full of teenagers.
Dannii Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in recognition of her contribution to British entertainment.
Two goals from Luke Berry helped Cambridge to a comfortable 3-1 win over Cheltenham in League Two.
Máirtín Ó Murchú, one of Ireland's best-known and longest-serving television presenters, has died.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said the quality of food produced in Northern Ireland is "something that carries our reputation around the world".
Engineers at Bletchley Park are using 3D printing technology to recreate a missing motor from a German codebreaking machine used during World War Two.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is possible for striker Carlos Tevez to return to the team in the future.
The editor-in-chief of Turkey's main opposition newspaper, Cumhuriyet, and several writers have been detained in connection with the failed July coup attempt, officials say.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick moved two shots behind leader Ramechai Aphibarnrat after a four-under-par 67 in the first round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three women have been robbed at knifepoint during a "despicable" aggravated burglary at a house in west Belfast.
At least 11 people have been killed in New Zealand's 7.8-magnitude earthquake, the country's prime minister has said.
Scientists have found a new way to produce a very pure form of silicon that could be used to build a new generation of quantum computers.
Striker Jayden Stephens says it is "not time to panic" for Southampton.
A cat that is notorious for stealing items from neighbours' houses has been stealing food, including cheese, a green pepper, fish and a balloon.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored a hat-trick as Salford Red Devils came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford Tigers.
Dyson has been granted planning permission for a major expansion at its headquarters in Buckinghamshire.
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo was not in the Portugal squad as they lost 2-0 to Cape Verde in a friendly in Lisbon.
Tonight's third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill in the House of Commons is likely to be a pretty relaxed affair.
At the edge of San Diego, California, the US Border Patrol patrols a concrete wall built to keep out illegal immigrants from Mexico.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Munster with a hard-fought bonus-point win over Glasgow at Murrayfield.
Tibetans living in the Tibetan plateau in the Himalayas have been warning neighbouring countries of increasing water-related disasters, officials say.
UK broadband providers need to be "up their game" and make their prices more transparent, a consumer charity has said.
Birmingham City booked their place in the Women's FA Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought win over defending champions Chelsea.
UK scientists say they have made a significant breakthrough in the development of a new form of antibiotic-resistant bacteria that can be used to treat pigs.
World number one Andy Murray qualified for the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's French Open men's singles final with the Briton aiming to become the first Briton to win a career Grand Slam since 1935.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jamie Goodwillie says he has no regrets about retiring from international football.
All this week, Newsround has been talking to some of the kids who have been telling us what their biggest achievements are.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won Olympic gold in the women's 4x200m freestyle relay to complete a medal sweep at Rio 2016.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who went missing while on holiday in Cornwall.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has been in Scotland to campaign for support ahead of the party's leadership contest.
Sudan have been banned from playing in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea Bissau.
John Akinde's goal was enough to give Barnet their first win of the League Two season as they beat Mansfield at Nethermoor Park.
The creator of the US animated sitcom The Simpsons has revealed the location of the fictional town of Springfield, Oregon, in a new interview.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to Enda Kenny asking for a "fair crack of the whip" for Tourism Ireland.
A rapist who raped two women while on extended probation has been given a life-long restriction order.
Three left-wing mayors have been elected in Spain's capital cities, ending 24 years of uninterrupted Popular Party rule.
A woman who was stabbed to death in West Yorkshire has been named by police.
India's economy grew at a faster-than-expected rate of 7.6% between October and December, official figures show.
Twenty-nine West Midlands Police staff have been found to be guilty of misconduct after an investigation into the death of a woman who was murdered by her killer.
A shortage of experienced prison officers contributed to last year's "major incident" at a prison where 130 inmates were transferred, a report has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused opposition groups of engaging in "psychological terrorism" after the parents of some of the kidnapped schoolgirls pulled out of a meeting with him.
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he was "angry" about his ex-partner's request for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not pick striker Andy Carroll for the Euro 2016 squad on the basis of his goalscoring form.
A Pembrokeshire council has said it will work with the town council and community to "ensure a bright future" for a town's paddling pool.
Militants in Iraq have captured a town in the northern province of Nineveh that is home to a large Christian minority, officials say.
The partner of one of the victims of the collapse of Didcot Power Station has said there is a "chance" he could still be alive.
Work has started on a new Hippodrome in the Isles of Scilly to celebrate the reopening of a former deep sea fishing centre.
The new series of Bob the Builder, one of the UK's longest-running children's TV series, is getting a new voice.
The number of district nurses in the NHS in Wales is falling, putting pressure on GP waiting times and possibly re-admissions to hospitals, a nursing union has said.
Hundreds of people have gathered in memory of a man who was shot dead by police on the M62 in West Yorkshire.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barwell player-of-the-match Ryan Edwards on a one-year deal.
Thousands of Pakistanis have attended the funerals of the victims of Sunday's bombings of two churches in the city of Lahore.
Yorkshire all-rounder Jimmy Onions took five wickets to help his side beat Nottinghamshire to win the County Championship at Trent Bridge.
More than 2bn cubic km of water is stored underground in the Earth's crust, according to a new study.
The culture secretary's spokesman has denied making threats to a newspaper's editor over a story about a Conservative MP's expenses claims.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from behind to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county are "very proud" of their record number of full houses for England matches at Cardiff's Principality Stadium.
Former PDC world champion Jimmy Fordham says he wants to return to Lakeside to give his grandchildren the chance to see him play at the venue.
India's central bank has kept interest rates on hold as it held a meeting to decide whether to cut the cost of borrowing.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for Saturday's friendly against Mexico in the United States.
Militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) say they launched an attack on a coastguard vessel off the coast of Egypt's restive Sinai peninsula on Sunday.
The billionaire businessman Sir Philip Green has been appointed by the government to look at ways to cut the cost of government spending.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Fifa World Cup for the first time since 1993 with a 1-0 win over Mexico in Jeonju, South Korea.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their overseas player for this summer's T20 Blast, according to head coach Steve Mason.
Belfast bantamweight Patrick McCom is through to the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine after beating Russia's Evgeny Kuznetsov on Monday night.
Pharmacists in the UK may be used by many people to dispense medicine, but few are aware of the range of services they can offer.
At least three children have been taken to hospital after a water slide at a Dorset carnival collapsed.
The Court of Protection has ruled in favour of the family of C, a woman who had tried to kill herself after being diagnosed with cancer and refused treatment that would have made her fat.
A UK-based scientist has been appointed as the town's first dedicated hedgehog officer, in a job advertised around the world.
Four British soldiers who died in a head-on collision with an Afghan police car were not wearing seatbelts, an inquest has heard.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in Ethiopia's Oromia region to protest against the stampede that killed nearly 300 people at a religious festival.
Cornwall beat Lancashire to win the County Championship for the first time in six years with a bonus-point win in the final at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed an elderly motorist to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" has been jailed for life for his manslaughter.
South Africa's plan to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague has been suspended by the United Nations Security Council.
A cyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a road in Newport may have been saved if she had been wearing a helmet, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren and assistant Rafael Benitez.
HSBC could move up to 2,000 staff out of its London headquarters if the UK leaves the EU's single market, the BBC understands.
The BBC News NI political commentators have been reacting to the High Court's ruling that abortion law in Northern Ireland is not fit for purpose.
A man has been injured by an elephant that escaped from a circus in the eastern German city of Heidelberg.
The head of one of Russia's main opinion pollsters says it has been designated as a foreign agent by the justice ministry.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he was once asked by a fellow farmer if a referendum on the future of the National Assembly could be won if it was held today.
In the aftermath of the attack in Barcelona, people have been flocking back to the city centre to remember those who lost their lives.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 longlist has been announced, which aims to predict the year's most exciting new artists.
A man has been arrested following the discovery of a tiger's head and a chameleon preserved in formaldehyde at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man suspected of being involved in the Berlin lorry attack by Anis Amri, who was later shot dead by police.
A curate who told children that Father Christmas was not real has apologised for telling them he was "not real".
A man has died following a house fire in County Antrim.
US actress Angelina Jolie has been honoured by the Sarajevo Film Festival for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two former police officers have been jailed for using their positions to settle a "personal grievance" after wrongly accusing a PCSO of causing a crash.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club's players for missing his birthday party at Celtic Park.
Celtic were knocked out of the Scottish Cup by Rangers on penalties after a thrilling Old Firm derby at Hampden ended in a 5-4 defeat.
The M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has not reduced the number of road accidents, according to a new report.
Pro-Russian activists in eastern Ukraine have seized government buildings in the rebel-held city of Luhansk, in a move condemned by the interim president.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to play the lead role in a new TV adaptation of Macbeth.
Belgium's king has been criticised for appearing to compare the country's political crisis with the 1930s economic crisis in his Christmas Day broadcast.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in England's squad for the three-match Twenty20 series against the North in Dubai in March.
The organisers of Londonderry's Fleadh have been given the go-ahead to bid to host the festival again.
Volunteers are being urged to "roll up their sleeves and plant a tree" in Londonderry to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
An "absolute joke" spelling error has been spotted on a sign at a train stop on the Nottingham Express Transport network.
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been arrested after running in the Olympic men's marathon in protest against the government in his home country.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has said safety measures are being put in place at the spot where Enda Dolan was knocked down and killed.
At least 39 people have been killed in a knife attack at Kunming railway station in eastern China's Kunming city, state media says.
EDF, one of the UK's largest energy suppliers, is raising gas and electricity prices for 1.5 million of its customers for a second time this year.
Leaflets, the old-fashioned way of getting a message out to voters, are back in the spotlight in the run-up to the EU referendum.
Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf, yn ôl Cymru Genedlaethol.
A custody sergeant accused of manslaughter over the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Exeter Prison was justified in his use of force, a court has heard.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 edging lower, but the Nasdaq edged higher.
Eight puppies and two dogs worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house in West Lothian.
The Sinn FÃ©in party has called on unionist politicians to "denounce" those who put images of Martin McGuinness on bonfires.
Championship side Fulham have loaned midfielder Juan Cuadrado to Spanish side Celta Vigo until January.
Landlords in Wales should be banned from charging letting agents for services they do not provide in exchange for fees, a Labour AM has said.
"The Met Police will not investigate allegations of historical child sexual abuse unless there's credible evidence that no crime has been committed."
A bid is being made to become the UK's first spaceport site in Kintyre in Argyll and Bute.
George the gardener is one of the UK's leading experts in the world of gardening.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife back from the SNP.
An annual survey by the Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising in London has revealed some of the main reasons why we buy what we buy.
A Borders-based knitwear firm has reported a rise in sales of its new range of scarves and jackets.
The French president has visited a replica of one of the world's most important cave artworks, which has been recreated to look like the original.
England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A former paramedic who sent a teenage girl naked photographs of himself and asked her to send him naked pictures of herself has been jailed.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora to win the IBF world title and set up a potential fight with Wladimir Klitschko.
Hull KR head coach Jamie Peacock says the club's future with the Super League side is "up in the air" after forward Albert Kelly was sent home from training early.
The Conservative Party says it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of the events surrounding the death of a young activist who was stabbed to death in September.
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, is seeking to become the world's most valuable initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
NHS England's latest financial results will not be published until after the general election on 8 June, the BBC has learned.
Six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the men's 100m semi-finals in his heat at the World Championships.
Brentford defender Tom Cuthbert has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Championship club.
Madonna fans have been talking about her on social media, but it's not been about her age.
Canada Post has announced plans to phase out direct mail delivery in rural and suburban areas and replace it with community post boxes.
US President Barack Obama has urged Kenya's leaders to stamp out corruption as he made his first visit to the country where his father was born.
Two hundred wolves have been killed by wolves in the mountains of south-eastern France so far this year.
James Corden is returning to the UK for three episodes of his US talk show The Late Late Show.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel later to discuss the migrant crisis and the UK's EU referendum campaign.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank.
The FBI has identified eight US celebrities who were the victims of a data leak last summer, according to court papers.
A driver who killed a teenager and seriously injured two others in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed.
The international community will pay a "high price" if it fails to help countries cope with the influx of Syrian refugees, a senior Jordanian official has warned.
India's former drinks baron Vijay Mallya, who has absconded after a court ordered his passport to be impounded, has failed to sell the country's tallest building.
Researchers at Dundee University are looking for volunteers to take part in a study to see if electronic cigarettes are safer than traditional cigarettes.
A school placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close at the end of December.
Celebrities including James Corden, Dame Judi Dench and Dame Edna O'Donovan have taken to social media to show support for those struggling with mental health issues.
A woman has been rescued from a house fire in Larne, County Antrim.
A former primary school teacher who raped and sexually abused seven girls in his classroom has been jailed for life.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast.
A man who killed his partner by stamping on her has had his jail sentence increased to 12-and-a-half years.
Virat Kohli became the first Indian batsman to score a century in the World Cup as his side cruised to an eight-wicket victory over Pakistan in their opening game.
Jonathan Demme is one of the best-known and most influential directors of modern American cinema.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has confirmed it will ratify GB Taekwondo's nomination of Lutalo Muhammad as an alternate to replace European champion Aaron Cook at London 2012.
The Met Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man who was murdered in east London, saying it was "completely unacceptable" that they were treated with "insensitivity".
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter has been jailed for life for her murder at the High Court in Belfast.
A teenage boy has been airlifted to hospital after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
NHS Highland has announced plans to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos maintained their push for a home semi-final in the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought win at St Helens.
Kenya's president has said the High Court's decision not to allow ballot papers to be printed for the forthcoming elections is an attempt by the judiciary to "interfere with the functioning of the executive".
Stormy weather is continuing to affect parts of the US city of Seattle, Washington in America.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner sent a friend a text to say "hi, how are you", a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history with a six-try victory over Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle.
Russell Brand has hit back at The Sun for accusing him of hypocrisy over his views on inequality.
Paul Murray was a schoolboy from Stoke-on-Trent who travelled to the match with his dad, Tony Murray, who was also a Liverpool fan.
The prime minister of Norway has said he is "deeply touched" by the number of people who were killed in the island shooting spree and the bomb attack in the capital, Oslo.
A jury in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdicts in the trial of a man accused of the murder of a woman who disappeared in August 2012.
Bromley moved off the bottom of the National League table thanks to a late winner at North Ferriby.
Former Sussex captain Murray Goodwin has returned to the club as an assistant coach.
Strong winds have brought down trees and power cables across the Isle of Man as high winds continue to batter the island.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5% in the last three months of last year, official figures show.
Teenagers are better at remembering and learning from bad experiences than adults, according to US researchers.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Glacier National Park in the western US state of Montana, officials say.
Special patrols will be put in place at 12 London Underground stations where police believe anti-social behaviour will increase on the new Night Tube service.
An ex-NHS worker who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for two years.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's World Cup Qualifier Super Sixes after finishing top of their group at the World Cricket League Qualifier in Sri Lanka.
Plans to build holiday lodges for glamping at Warwick Castle in Warwickshire have been rejected by the council.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman's criticism of the Republic of Ireland's training schedule may be a sign his players need to "toughen up", says team-mate Michael Keane.
A jury in the trial of a man and his brother accused of murdering a woman who had been having an affair has retired to consider its verdicts.
German airline Lufthansa is charging customers who use price comparison websites to buy tickets via its own website an extra charge.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the decision not to punish Carrick Rangers for failing to implement a three-game suspension.
Scientists at Glasgow University have discovered that the length of a bird's life expectancy can predict how long it will be until it dies.
Mexico's president, Enrique Pena Neto, has announced new sentences for those convicted of kidnapping.
An anaesthetist who was cleared of manslaughter over the death of a woman who died after giving birth has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive at the hospital where she gave birth.
Four men in Nigeria have been sentenced to 20 lashes for being gay after being convicted by an Islamic court in the north-eastern town of Bauchi, officials say.
Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for Russian athletes to retire from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in the Ugandan capital, Kampala, on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor, police say.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has defended his state's new "religious freedom" law, which critics say could be used to discriminate against gay people.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time in a poll by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Sepp Blatter's former chief of staff has said Russia and Qatar had no choice but to bribe Fifa to secure the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A convicted murderer who fled to the UK to escape justice in his native Albania has been told he will be extradited to face charges of murder.
Wales' players will support any decision by the Football Association of Wales to allow players to wear poppies on Armistice Day, says midfielder Joe Ledley.
A collection of diving helmets from around the world has been sold at auction.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway.
Bristol City have signed midfielder Josh Brownhill from Championship side Preston North End for an undisclosed fee.
NHS chiefs in England are taking a tougher line on GP practices deemed to be "vulnerable" to the health service, according to reports.
When Ian Rush, Kevin Keegan, Kenny Dalglish and Ian Rush are mentioned in the same breath as Ian Wallace, it's easy to forget the Welshman's name is not one of them.
Tackling slavery and human trafficking is a priority for North Wales Police.
In World War Two, London's underground tunnels were used to house refugees fleeing the conflict in the Middle East.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until they win something.
Singer Eniola Aluko has been cleared by the Football Association of making false claims of bullying and harassment against England manager Mark Sampson.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in England's jails rose to 88 in 2013-14, the highest number in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan will make his first call-up for the national side against Czech Republic and Hibernian later this month.
Two people have been arrested after a suspicious package was found at a house in Wrexham.
Northampton hooker Ben Foden says he will have to push himself to the limit to keep up the pressure on England team-mate Ben Brown.
World champion Ding Junhui was knocked out of the UK Championship after losing 6-1 to qualifier Ryan Duffy in the first round.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool could be extended after researchers said it was proving to be a success.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the UK has announced his retirement.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Rushall Olympic midfielder Jai Quitongo on a short-term deal.
The remains of a man whose remains were found in a forest in Conwy county are being treated as suspicious, North Wales Police has said.
As a child growing up in Orkney I remember walking home from school in the early hours of New Year's Day.
The Hong Kong government has proposed allowing passengers to complete immigration and customs procedures for Hong Kong and China at the same terminal.
Australia says it will send more troops to Afghanistan to support the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban.
A man has died after being hit by a van in a crash in the south of Glasgow.
Unqualified teachers are being used to teach in England's state schools, a union has claimed.
Unions Unite and the Communication Workers Union (CWU) say they are ready to take industrial action in a row over changes to Royal Mail's pension scheme.
New Jersey Reds player-of-the-match Ben Stevens says the club are on the right road to achieving their goal of a top-four finish in the Championship.
The US Navy's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned aircraft has made its first test flight from an aircraft carrier.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has announced plans to cut costs and sell off its stake in its patent-licensing business.
Two people have been treated in hospital after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Kent.
China has executed four Uighur men for their roles in a 2013 terrorist attack, the state-run Xinjiang Daily news agency says.
A village hall that was threatened with closure has reopened to the public after a campaign to save it.
A child has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in Barry, Powys.
If you were mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) then you may not get the compensation you were expecting from your credit card provider.
Have you ever wondered what your wee would do if it was used to generate electricity?
Facebook says it has produced the most detailed maps of the world's population so far, as part of its effort to track the locations of missing buildings.
Warrington returned to the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a comfortable win over Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling event in Belgium have been ordered to remove a poster which appears to show a girl's buttocks being squeezed.
At a UN-run refugee camp in South Sudan's Bahr al-Ghazal region, Kai Riek knows all too well the dangers of hiding in the swamps.
Two police officers have been left shaken after a brick was thrown at their patrol car in Larne, County Antrim.
Emma Thompson has said there is no country in the world where all women can expect to receive the same rights as men.
Network Rail has been rated "inadequate" by the rail regulator for the first time in six months.
Abdel-Moneim Al-Kahraba scored a late winner as Egypt knocked out Morocco to set up a quarter-final against Burkina Faso.
Three police officers have been charged over claims they called for MP Andrew Mitchell to resign over claims he called officers "plebs".
An inquest into the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Caterham has been opened and adjourned.
A British men's moustache competition is being held in Dover on Saturday, with the winner set to be crowned Britain's best beard.
At least 20 Chinese nationals have been arrested in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining, officials say.
Two Kilcoo footballers have been suspended following an investigation into allegations of racism by Ulster GAA.
Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand what it takes to win Grand Slams", says former champion John McEnroe after the Australian's shock Wimbledon fourth-round defeat by Andy Murray.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto have met in Mexico City to discuss the US-Mexico border wall but avoided the issue of who would pay for it.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice and delay the onset of age-related diseases, a study suggests.
A man who was killed in a "targeted attack" outside a Denbighshire shop has been named by police.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have released prop Ryan Bailey, forward Josh Cox and forward Josh Dodds.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a car crashed into a building in Edinburgh city centre.
Sunderland midfielder Michele Giaccherini has joined Italian Serie A side Virtus Entella for an undisclosed fee.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered a "major find" in the excavation of a medieval castle.
The former editor of The Sun, Kelvin MacKenzie, has described comments he made about a mixed-race footballer as "racist".
Torquay United have been bought by a Hong Kong-based investment group (GI).
More than 1.4m people in police custody in England and Wales are not getting the support they need from appropriate adults, according to research by the Law Society of Lincolnshire.
Here is the full list of British and Irish Lions' debutants for the 2013 Rugby World Cup.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored late goals as Manchester United maintained their perfect start to the season with victory over Leicester at Old Trafford.
The government is considering making non-payment of the TV licence fee a civil offence, the BBC has said.
The UK will offer EU citizens living in the UK the same rights as those living in other EU countries after Brexit, the prime minister has said.
A member of the Barcelona terror cell has told a Spanish court that the group had planned to carry out a series of attacks, including one on Las Ramblas in the Spanish capital, but was forced to scale back their plans after a house explosion.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a court he had nothing to do with the killing and blamed it on "a Geordie man".
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison in South Yorkshire has been arrested by police.
Rory McIlroy says he is fully fit to play at the US PGA Championship at Erin Hills in Wisconsin, despite missing the first two warm-up events of the season.
David Lammy has said he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader and deputy leader.
A former NHS chief executive who defrauded the NHS out of £11,000 to pay her husband to produce a "sham" newsletter has admitted fraud.
Google is rolling out a service that allows it to track the impact of online and offline adverts on the high street.
A woman has been raped by a man who drove her to a layby in Midlothian and dumped her in the back of a car.
The number of people living in the UK increased by more than expected between mid-2013 and mid-2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been given their first chance to play in the FA Cup in five years after being drawn at home in the third round.
The designer of the Garden Bridge over the River Thames was given a head start in the selection process for the project, an independent review has found.
Emergency repairs are being made after a burst water main flooded a busy street in south-west London.
"Death, taxes and the Renewable Heating Incentive (RHI) scandal" makes the front page of the Belfast Telegraph.
The husband of a dentist who was arrested following the death of his wife has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A former Dallas police officer has been charged with murder in connection with the death of a teenager who was shot dead by the officer.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has caused a social media storm after saying that Bangladesh's PM, Sheikh Hasina, was a better speaker than him on terrorism.
David Pitcher, the first Briton to row across the Atlantic for a second time, is attempting to break the world record for the fastest solo rower.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winner as Portugal took control of their World Cup qualifier against Sweden with a 1-0 win in the first leg in Stockholm.
Five British men who were detained in India on suspicion of piracy have been released on bail.
The battle for Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand has become a key battleground between the Taliban and government forces.
A former prisoner of war from the Auschwitz concentration camp has recalled how he and his fellow prisoners were allowed to play football during World War Two.
This year's Glastonbury Festival kicks off on Friday night, with thousands of revellers flocking to the festival site in Somerset.
Twelve people had to be rescued from the roof of a derelict hotel after it was badly damaged by fire.
Ghana has been told by a UN court to suspend any new oil drilling in a disputed area of the sea off the coast of Ivory Coast.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving, police have said.
Footballer Ched Evans was a "wealthy, successful young footballer who felt entitled to have her regardless of whatever she might have wanted", a court has heard.
Stuart Hogg's absence from the British and Irish Lions squad for the second Test against the All Blacks in Auckland on Saturday's defeat by the Blues was a surprise.
Beavers that have been found in Tayside have been declared illegal and must be removed, according to the Scottish government.
Two men have been seen on the roof of a building in Bridgend city centre.
Dick Advocaat has left his job as Sunderland manager after eight games in charge of the Premier League strugglers.
The former chief executive of a company that helps vulnerable young people in Bristol has been accused of bullying and discrimination against black and minority ethnic staff.
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels to help tackle fuel poverty.
Andy Murray says the lack of juniors competing in Grand Slams is "not ideal" but has not spoken to the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) about it.
Northampton Town boss Chris Wilder has been a key to their League Two play-off push this season, according to captain Luke Richards.
Olympic long jump champion Greg Rutherford said he was "excited" after qualifying for Saturday's Games at the World Championships in Beijing.
The families of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have never faltered in their fight for justice, Prime Minister Theresa May has said.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a dead pony was found dumped in a wooded area in the Cotswolds.
The UK is to take in thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made the dangerous journey from North Africa and the Middle East to Europe, the government has announced.
Former Newsnight host Jeremy Paxman has defended his decision to shave off his beard, saying the BBC is "pogonophobic" about beards.
DJ Calvin Harris has returned to the top of the UK album chart with his new album, Alternative Light Source.
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country's National Assembly that the time has come for sweeping social and political reforms.
The six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League have been named.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has dropped significantly in the past three years, according to government figures.
More than 200 people are now known to have drowned after two migrant boats capsized off the coast of Libya, officials say.
A ceasefire has started in the city of Aleppo in Syria, in the Middle East.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has said he is 'proud' of ex-footballer Andy Woodward's bravery after he revealed he was sexually abused by a coach as a child.
Dundee Waterfront projects have been given the go-ahead by Dundee City Council.
Ulster have appointed former player-coach Pat Clarke as their new forwards coach.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Jamie Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season after breaking his leg in training.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of his five assistant captains for this week's match against Europe.
Lewis Hamilton says he will pray and hope Mercedes do not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg after the pair crashed out of the Austrian Grand Prix.
Ten soldiers who died in World War One have been identified by DNA tests following the discovery of their remains in France.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored to give Ukraine a 2-0 lead over Slovenia in their World Cup qualifying play-off second leg in Slovenia.
Ospreys head coach Jonathan Rees says his side were "devastated" at missing out on a European Champions Cup quarter-final place after losing to Exeter at Liberty Stadium.
A new stretch of motorway has opened to traffic on the M8 in North Lanarkshire.
Match of the Day Kickabout takes a look back at the history of the Football League's rules.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her sex.
Thousands of children in England are not getting the help they need to cope with mental health problems, according to a new report.
A Palestinian man suspected of killing two Israelis and wounding a taxi driver in Tel Aviv on Sunday has been shot dead by Israeli security forces.
A man who attempted to murder a father-of-two has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after being convicted of attempted murder.
A California woman accused of murdering her boyfriend and killing his ex-partner has posted a record amount of bail, raising more than $100m (Â£65m) in donations.
Nurseries in England are struggling to recruit enough qualified staff to look after children because of a GCSE qualification requirement, a survey suggests.
The head of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise has "strengthened" in recent months.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair falling after it reported a loss for the year to March.
I once had a fake girlfriend.
A tennis player and a dancer have won Black History Month awards as part of a campaign to highlight the contribution of black people to Wales' history.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Joe Root has been confirmed as England's new captain following Alastair Cook's surprise decision to step down as skipper after the tour of India.
More than 30 people have attended a meeting to "condemorate" police for using a Muslim as a terrorist in a mock suicide bombing exercise.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has been given the chance to give back to the theatre he grew up in by becoming an honorary member of.
Dundee maintained their perfect start to the League One season with a comfortable win over Ross County.
A government minister has been heckled in the House of Commons over the plight of older women who are not getting the state pension they are due.
Plans to transform a 19th Century building in Ceredigion into a heritage and innovation centre have been given the go-ahead by the government.
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel their next Friday's County Londonderry Senior Cup game against Ballyclare after their Drumahoe ground was severely damaged by flooding on Tuesday.
Notts County Football Club have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham Sport presenter Gary Fletcher as their new chief executive.
The German government has introduced temporary border controls with Austria and North Rhine-Westphalia to deal with the huge influx of refugees from Syria and other countries.
Sediment samples from deep-sea sediments are being used to better understand the impact of climate change on the Indian monsoon.
Thousands of doctors and nurses in Kenya have gone on strike, in what is believed to be the first nationwide strike by medics in the country's history.
Three US marines have been killed in an aircraft crash in the southern Indian Ocean, the US military says.
The SSPCA has said it was "pleased" to discover an escaped corn snake was made of plastic after responding to reports of a snake in a Dundee park.
The UK defence secretary has confirmed that work on the first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will start in July next year.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack by Islamist militants on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The Duke of Rothesay has led the Royal Welch Fusiliers in a traditional procession of Kashmir goats in Conwy.
More than 100 Indian nurses who were released by Islamist militants in Iraq have returned to the southern state of Kerala in southern India.
Striker Ryan Anderson says he is "not bothered" by Rangers defender Kieran Kiernan's claim that he punched him in the ribs.
Luton Town's return to non-league football could be likened to the rise of Premier League and Championship clubs, according to the club's chief executive Steve Sweet.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw with Livingston.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will allow his MPs a free vote on whether to back UK air strikes against Islamic State in Syria.
A detailed reconstruction of the face of a Bronze Age man has been produced to give an idea of how he may have looked.
Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants are likely to have been the source of an outbreak of E. coli, US health officials have said.
The mother of a Chicago teenager who went missing after an alleged sexual assault was live streamed on Facebook says she has been threatened and harassed online.
Tsai Ing-wen is not your average politician.
British number three James Ward says he is looking forward to sharing the spotlight with compatriot Andy Murray at Wimbledon on Saturday.
An MP has called on the prime minister to give his "full backing" to the planned Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, saying it would be a "disgrace" to pull the plug.
The number of animal cruelty complaints and prosecutions in Wales has fallen, the RSPCA has said.
It's almost time for the 2015 Formula 1 season to get under way.
Armed police have been deployed to the M6 Toll in Staffordshire after a coach carrying passengers was stopped by officers following a report of vapour escaping from a bag.
Four London councils have spent thousands of pounds on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Parts of northern Germany were hit by flooding and high sea levels as Storm Axel swept across the region on Friday.
The coffins of three women who fought against the Nazis in World War Two have been laid to rest at Paris's Pantheon mausoleum.
A woman has been found unconscious on the floor of her home after being attacked by a man who broke into her house.
South Carolina's Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead after the first round of the Masters at Augusta National.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to be asked to approve plans to automatically pardon gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offences.
A teacher has been banned from teaching after being found guilty of misconduct over the use of a personal email account to contact a pupil.
The organisers of a motoring festival in Coventry have cancelled events planned for this year because of council funding cuts.
At least 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football, the BBC has learned.
Defending champion Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League play-off semi-finals on Thursday.
Imagine having to change your clothes in a public toilet that is not suitable for you.
A member of a monitoring a so-called Islamic State "caliphate" in Syria has been killed by the group, a monitoring group says.
The education system in England and Wales is "complex and incoherent" with a culture of inequality between vocational and academic routes to work, the House of Lords Education Select Committee says.
The Chinese government has launched a crackdown on fake bank websites in a bid to stop people falling for phishing scams.
Video replays are being tested in Major League Soccer for the first time in the United States.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as Argentina and England at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup.
If you've been worried about something you've seen, heard or read about in the news, you might be wondering what to do if you're worried about it.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the death of a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week.
Venezuela has deployed 17,000 troops to its border with Colombia in an effort to curb the smuggling of cheap fuel and foodstuffs to neighbouring Colombia.
Poland has one of the world's largest media industries and is one of Europe's largest democracies.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the Wuhan Open after losing 6-4 6-2 to Anett Kontaveit.
Work has started on a multi-million pound retail development in Merthyr Tydfil.
Wales Under-20 wing James Botham has made his debut for Wales at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand.
Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey.
If you have been sexually abused by one of the Jimmy Savile's former colleagues, you may want to take legal action against them.
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they are starting to withdraw heavy weapons from the line of contact.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to its ability to deliver letters to all parts of the UK, as it faces increased competition from online firms.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Five Russian servicemen and women wounded in Syria have been awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage, the Kremlin says.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will come "full-strength" for Saturday's Six Nations rematch in Dublin.
The director general of the Philippine National Police, Gen Rodolfo Palomino, has been placed under investigation, Attorney General Jose Luis Ordonez has announced.
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and move three points clear at the top of La Liga.
Johanna Konta's Fed Cup match against Romania's Ilie Nastase was suspended on Saturday after he was sent off the court for abusing the British number one.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Professional Footballers' Association World XI for the first time.
Leyton Orient have extended the contract of midfielder Jamie Ward to keep him at the League Two side until June 2019.
At least 11 people have been killed and 20 wounded in two explosions in Kenya's capital Nairobi, officials say.
A teenage girl has told a court how she was "surreal" after receiving a text message from England footballer Adam Johnson asking her to give him a "thank you kiss".
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died following a crash in Sunday's race in the United States.
A six-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash in Powys in which four people were killed has been released from hospital.
Jamie Barnes' professional debut ended in disaster as he was stopped in the first round by Bulgarian veteran Dimitri Slavchev at Belfast's Titanic Quarter.
Theresa May has said she is confident US President Donald Trump will respect the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
GDP is one of the most important measures of the health of the UK economy and is used by the Bank of England and the Treasury to set interest rates.
Scotland's education secretary has launched a new online resource to help schools improve the attainment gap between the most and least disadvantaged children.
Greece says it will not take Britain to court over its demand for the return of the Parthenon Marbles.
The government may have to make more cuts to social security spending to reduce the deficit, a think tank has said.
Albania qualified for Euro 2016 with a comfortable 3-0 win over Armenia as Portugal and Serbia both won in their final Group I games.
An MSPs committee has said it will review the safety of high-rise tower blocks following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League table as Odion Ighalo's double gave them a 2-1 win over struggling Newcastle.
A master plan to redevelop Fishguard town centre in Pembrokeshire has been approved by councillors.
A prominent activist in Ukraine's anti-government protests has been found dead in the capital, Kiev, officials say.
A former adviser to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Patrick Buisson, has accused him of being a "fake tough guy, a fake tough guy submerged in a permanent state of emotional dependency".
Wrexham are set to sign former Plymouth Argyle striker Ryan Harvey following his release by the League Two club.
The room in which Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley slept in the night before he died is to be recreated for a new exhibition at Walmer Castle.
More fish in aquariums appear to make people happier, a study suggests.
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect its planes at airports in the Middle East and North Africa, the airline has announced.
The new trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released online.
Hundreds of workers at a Walkers crisps factory in East Durham are set to lose their jobs after the firm confirmed plans to close it.
A recording studio that was once used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on television has been turned into a recording studio for music videos.
More than 100 non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Russia have been visited by law enforcement officials, activists say.
Pandemrix, the most widely used H1N1 flu vaccine in the UK, may have been linked to an increased risk of developing narcolepsy, a study suggests.
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of the Times Higher Education World University Rankings than countries such as China, Japan and Australia.
Two giant Welsh dragon statues have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle to mark St David's Day.
A fraudster has been given a community payback order after being found guilty of fraud at Jedburgh Sheriff Court.
Parents in Australia are being urged to make it a criminal offence to refuse to vaccinate their children, saying it is "life and death" if they do not.
Oscar Pérez is one of Venezuela's most wanted men after attacking the Supreme Court in Caracas on Tuesday.
SNP MPs have been appointed as the party's first ever to chair select committees at Westminster.
A team of scientists has sequenced the entire genome of a species of ash for the first time in the UK, the BBC's Countryfile programme has learned.
In the run-up to the US presidential election on 8 November, we've been taking a look at what's been going on in the race for the White House.
Residents of one of San Francisco's most exclusive neighbourhoods have been left "shocked" after the city sold it at auction for failing to pay its taxes.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton moved out of the National League relegation zone with a comfortable 3-0 win over Gateshead.
The bodies of two climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in the Swiss Alps, the US National Park Service (USPS) says.
Napoli forward Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games after being sent off against Chievo Verona on Saturday.
Smoking is not just something adults do to themselves, it's also something that children around them do to each other.
The residents of Bracknell Forest Hospital in west London are to be asked to give their views on the quality of care they receive.
Plans to introduce minimum alcohol pricing in pubs and clubs in England and Wales have been criticised by a House of Lords committee.
More than Â£1.5m has been awarded to build a new surfing lagoon in Gwynedd which could be the first of its kind in the UK.
Cubs left-hander Corey Kluber dominated the first game of the World Series as the Cleveland Indians took a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said his team were "running around like ducks" after he was penalised for failing to change his tyres in time at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Brighton & Hove Albion fans have condemned what they claim was homophobic chanting by Leicester City fans during the Premier League match.
Firefighters have been tackling a large bonfire in east Belfast.
Donald Trump has a path to the White House, but he may not get there.
Kirsten Purve-Jorendal was born in Pune, India, in the western Indian state of Karnataka in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who murdered 20 women in the 1970s and 1980s could be moved to a prison after being declared no longer mentally ill.
Plans to convert a Powys secondary school to a Welsh-medium school have been rejected by the full council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he and Blink 182 have quit the band.
Firefighters have been called out to rescue a woman who became wedged in a tyre at a children's play park in County Durham.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean" football, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised to the country's opposition over a corruption scandal that has led to calls for her resignation.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a child was seriously injured in an incident in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
More than 100,000 people have signed an online petition calling for Parliament to debate whether the death penalty should be reinstated.
A boy has died in an accident on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors say they will appeal against the sentence given to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend.
Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, has lost a High Court battle to get a certificate to allow it to test for unrestricted aircraft flights.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has named an unchanged side to face Championship side Newcastle United in the FA Cup fifth round.
US retail giant Walmart and China's largest e-commerce firm, JD.com, have agreed a deal to help Walmart expand its Yihaodian brand in China.
Plans to remove the requirement for a referendum on whether the Welsh Government can devolve tax powers without a referendum have been defended by a former Welsh Secretary.
UKIP says it would appoint a dedicated veterans' minister to help veterans who served in the armed forces get the help they need if it wins the election.
In case you missed them, here's a round-up of some of the top entertainment stories from around the UK.
Ministers are "hardening" their stance on cutting subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC has been told.
A memorial service is being held in Cardiff to commemorate Welsh soldiers who served in World War One and the Battle of the Somme.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won bronze in the men's doubles at the Olympic badminton in Rio with a thrilling victory over Japan's Yuzuru Hsuo and Shanshan Feng in the quarter-finals.
It's been an eventful week for London Underground.
Coventry City fans have been warned to keep any protests "lawful" after a number of trouble-makers were arrested during Saturday's home defeat by Crawley Town.
The US and China have reaffirmed their commitment to the "denuclearisation" of the Korean peninsula, amid growing tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has been awarded a £500,000 grant to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has posed for a selfie with an air ambulance doctor who helped save the lives of victims of a Smiler rollercoaster crash.
The High Court in Belfast has ruled Environment Minister Mark T. Durkan broke the ministerial code in approving a controversial planning blueprint for the city.
Portsmouth have signed midfielder Drew Talbot following his release by Chesterfield.
New Hartlepool United manager Gary Hignett says he has been taken by surprise by the quality of the players he has seen since taking charge of the League Two side.
George Cole, who has died aged 91, was a veteran of more than 30 film and TV roles, including roles in Bikini Babe, The Belles of St Trinian's, Blue Murder at St Trinin's, The Vampire Lovers and Minder.
(Close): The FTSE 100 opened lower, with airlines and High Street firms among the main fallers as investors remained cautious ahead of the Bank of England's decision on interest rates.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a row over changes to their pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia says it has dismantled an office in Havana that was used to sabotage the country's peace process with the Farc rebel group.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new head of women's football.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in Manchester United's squad for the Europa League group stage.
Two security guards have been threatened and robbed at knifepoint during a bank robbery in Glasgow city centre.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A memorial service has been held in Perthshire for the couple who were killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
A pair of Queen Victoria's silk bloomers are to be auctioned at Chippenham Castle in Wiltshire.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was furious with the red card shown to midfielder Jack Casper Solskjaer after he was sent off in the 3-1 win over Partick Thistle.
Former Wales captain Dean Saunders has been offered free parking at Birmingham Airport if Wales beat Portugal in the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
England's Mark Wilson says his record-breaking hat-trick against Scotland's Anthony Hamilton at the German Open was the best match of his career.
Supermarkets in the UK are selling smaller versions of products at lower prices, according to research from consumer group Which?
The remains of a newborn baby girl whose remains were found in a bag in West Yorkshire last year have been formally identified by police.
Italy's Jarlinson Pantano won stage 15 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome held on to the leader's yellow jersey.
The government has confirmed most of the proposed route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between Sheffield and Doncaster.
Chesterfield moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a hard-fought win over 10-man Barnsley.
EDF Energy says it is close to a decision on whether to press ahead with plans to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point C.
A dead fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Hampden Park.
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was barred from travelling to the US because of her nationality as a dual Iranian-British citizen.
More able and talented pupils are not getting the support they need to reach their "full potential", according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A teenager who bit off half of his friend's ear has been jailed for two-and-a-half years.
Australia's government has been accused of trying to silence doctors and nurses who have raised concerns about the health of asylum seekers in its offshore detention camps.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named the UK's National Book of the Year.
Who better than Ricky Gervais to give his verdict on this year's Great British Bake Off?
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the trust that runs the world-renowned Christie cancer hospital in Manchester.
Scientists in Germany have recreated a detailed picture of the earliest known ancestor of all molluscs.
Derry City and Strabane Post has said it will have to find new premises for its printing operation in the city centre.
The parents of one of the three men who died on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" they will not be able to take the Ministry of Defence to court over their deaths.
A man has been arrested after a stolen tractor was stolen during a police pursuit.
The Plaid Cymru AM Lord Elis-Thomas has said the party's decision to stand down as presiding officer was a "step too far".
US President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory in the November 8 election has had an impact on the world of business.
Amnesty International has accused some of the world's most powerful leaders of using "us versus them" rhetoric to stoke anti-immigrant and anti-refugee sentiment.
There has been a lot of talk about the dangers of the two days of strike action by junior doctors in England's hospitals.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to leave Racing 92 to join Bath.
Some of the notebooks of poet Edward Thomas, who was killed in the Battle of Arras in 1917, are to be conserved following a grant from the National Manuscripts Trust.
Matt Machan hit an unbeaten century for Sussex against Worcestershire at Hove to put the visitors in control at the end of day one.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Pep Guardiola has the ability to change the mentality of English football if he was given the job at Manchester City.
More than 1,000 people have been stuck in hospital for more than six weeks after being deemed fit to leave, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels in eastern India have promised "total security" to all trains, a senior Maoist leader has told the BBC.
A bid to raise awareness of the Tour de France by knitting bunting for the event in Cambridge is being launched by the city council.
A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Larne, County Antrim.
As the sun sets on the Tunisian beach where the gunman opened fire, it's hard to recognise the scene.
A man suspected of setting fire to a mosque in Florida that was visited by the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub has been identified by police.
The Mountaineers' Association of Scotland (MAA) has asked hillwalkers to help pick up litter left in bothies in the Cairngorms.
Wakefield maintained their unbeaten start to the Super League season with a hard-fought win at Catalans Dragons.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Premiership club.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves, one of the country's greatest ever goalscorers, has suffered a stroke.
Celtic moved six points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comprehensive win over Partick Thistle at Firhill.
Queen's Park moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Queen's Park with a comfortable 3-0 win over Montrose.
Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Ben Jones on loan from Premier League side Burnley for the rest of the season.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been subject to further attempts at hacking and fraudulent activity.
AFC Wimbledon have signed former MK Dons striker Josh Clarke on a short-term deal after he rejected a new deal with Bradford City.
US Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump says he would force Mexico to pay for his proposed border wall with the country if he wins the state of Wisconsin.
Two Conservative AMs have been removed from the party's list after failing to win re-selection in South Wales East.
Ross County boss Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish Professional Footballers' Association manager of the season award.
The UK Supreme Court has said it will hear an appeal from a celebrity who wants to stop the Sun on Sunday newspaper publishing a story about an alleged extra-marital affair.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has triggered an avalanche of criticism from within his own party and in trade unions.
Hull City have confirmed they are in advanced talks to sell their shares in the Championship club.
The head of the lion shot dead in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park will be used as a memorial to mark the death of Cecil the lion, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty earned Charlton a draw at Gillingham.
The government has announced changes to the child benefit system, which will see high-earners who earn more than £50,000 a year lose some of their benefits.
The Police and Crime Commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be seeking re-election for the remaining eight months of his term.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as the club's new loan player manager.
All children's football matches have been cancelled after travellers set up camp next to changing rooms at a playing field.
The Eiffel Tower has reopened to the public following Friday's attacks in Paris, in which 129 people were killed.
London Welsh's British & Irish Cup campaign has been abandoned because of the club's "uncertainty" over its future.
Dawid Malan's unbeaten 150 helped Glamorgan beat Middlesex by seven wickets at Lord's to keep alive their hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup semi-finals.
The boss of the company that runs one of the UK's largest private hospitals has accused the health watchdog of "tradinguced the reputation" of a popular hospital.
CCTV images have been released of two people police want to speak to after a teenager was seriously injured in a "violent" street assault in Dumfries.
The number of attacks on dogs in south Wales and Gwent and Dyfed-Powys went up in 2016 despite an increase in attacks, figures have shown.
Heather Rabbatts, the Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BAME) director, is stepping down from the governing body's board after five years.
Jos Buttler became the fastest England batsman to score a first-class century in 50-over cricket as he led his side to an eight-wicket win over Pakistan in the second one-day international in Abu Dhabi.
Two people who were killed in a crash between a car and two cyclists have been named by Avon and Somerset Police.
The chief executive of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has agreed to sell his company to the Michelin Group for an undisclosed sum.
Conservationists have said they are "disappointed" by a draft report on the future of national parks in Wales.
Former England all-rounder James Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
A driverless car that uses virtual buttons to control the car has been unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Three fishermen have been rescued by lifeboat after their boat capsized in the Firth of Forth.
Poland's ruling party, Civic Platform, has lost its parliamentary majority to the right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has claimed that the US presidential election will be "rigged" in favour of his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.
A man's death was "preventable" and would have been prevented had an optometrist done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved out of the Championship relegation play-off places with a 2-0 win over Birmingham City.
Huddersfield Giants prop Josh Garbutt says he is "very disappointed" by his two-game ban after being sent off against St George Illawarra Giants on Saturday.
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for a missing British yachtsman who died in the US Coastguard's search for his missing crew.
A £30m contribution from Falkirk Council's pension fund is to be used to fund the building of new social housing in the Falkirk area.
Sean Dickson made his second Championship century of the season to help Kent fight back against Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his life as a diamond miner.
Plans to extend the Northern Tube line in south London have been approved by Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin.
The Welsh government's rail minister has dismissed claims of a "conspiracy theory" over possible changes to cross-border rail services.
Tim Peake and Tim Peake from the European Space Agency (ESA) have been working on their latest project on the International Space Station.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, which is a former French colony.
A man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the M74 in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who was freed after spending 15 years in prison in Pakistan has told the BBC he feels "great" to be reunited with his family.
Up to 80,000 customers of US-based spyware firm mSpy have been affected by a data breach, the company has admitted.
More action needs to be taken to stop people posting death threats on Twitter, the site's boss has said.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has said it will continue to investigate corruption allegations surrounding the awarding of World Cup hosting rights for the 2018 and 2022 finals.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by the team's shareholders that he will not be offered a new contract to remain at the Formula 1 team.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo says it has seen evidence that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents in the Channel Tunnel between Calais and Folkestone.
Birmingham's Abdul Majeed Yafai won the vacant British super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Panama's Jose Pedraza in the Principality Stadium.
Opening hours at a country park in Hampshire have been extended after a campaign to keep it open longer.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to pay compensation for a tweet about a former Ulster Unionist Defence Regiment (UDR) leader.
The raid on the compound in Pakistan where al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was killed is an "embarrassment" for the country's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) has said.
A US teenager who posted videos of himself using a drone to film himself firing a gun and a flamethrower attached to a drone has been ordered to hand over information about the devices to the Federal Aviation Authority.
Drivers using the busy Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London have been complaining of "shock horror" after it was switched back to two-way traffic.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and all-rounder Paul Stirling hit centuries as Middlesex cruised to an eight-wicket win over Kent.
Asian shares traded mixed on Thursday, with Japan's Nikkei index edging lower after a sharp rebound on Wednesday.
The results of Iran's parliamentary elections have been announced, and they were a resounding defeat for the country's hardliners.
Rangers' signing of Bruno Alves will be the perfect fit for Pedro Caixinha's plans, according to former captain Kenny McCarthy.
Mae Eisteddfod Cenedlaethol Eryri wedi cael eu defnyddio'n ddyddiol mewn ardal wledig ganrif yn ôl hefyd.
A motorcyclist has died following an accident at a speedway event in Suffolk.
More than 800,000 chemists in India are going on strike on Wednesday to protest against illegal online drug sales.
Sarah Palin's decision to endorse Donald Trump's presidential campaign has been widely seen as a tacit endorsement of the Republican front-runner.
A gardener has said he is "devastated" after flood water swept through his "life's dream" garden, destroying rare plants and buildings.
Nick Griffin has been expelled from the British National Party.
Pupils at primary schools in Northern Ireland are being trained in how to deal with the transition from primary school to secondary school.
Two people have been arrested in connection with the theft of a statue of Doris which was painted on a street in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has not given up hope of re-signing Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
The former managing director of a law firm involved in the controversial Nama property deal has been interviewed by the National Crime Agency (NCA).
Aston Villa defender Sam Suliman has joined League Two side Stevenage on loan for the rest of the season.
In the modern Westminster system, the prime minister is the one of the most powerful people in the House of Commons.
The US state department says it will release an initial instalment of funds to Iran to help it meet the terms of an interim nuclear deal with six world powers.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying campaign got off to a losing start as they were beaten by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its first new polymer £10 note in 30 years.
US President Barack Obama has said events in Dallas, Texas, where five police officers were killed last week, have revealed "the deepest fault line of our democracy".
A passenger on a passenger jet had a close encounter with a giant snake after the reptile became stuck on the wing of the aircraft.
The German media group, Axel Springer, has bought a controlling stake in the US business news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are being given free bus transport to a new community swimming pool in a bid to boost the number of children taking up sport.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 new 'exoplanets' outside of our solar system.
More than 30 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to smuggle them into Wales from the Republic of Ireland, the DSPCA says.
Nigel Farage, the leader of UKIP, has accused the government of being "completely mad" for allowing in-work migrants from Eastern Europe to claim benefits after work restrictions were lifted.
A controversial modernist building in Durham city centre has been threatened with demolition.
An award has been given to one of the Cotswolds' most spectacular views of the night sky.
A body found in the River Severn has been formally identified as that of a missing man from Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in qualifying at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod on Friday.
A plan to strengthen flood defences at a Denbighshire beach hit by flooding last year is being considered by councillors.
ScotRail has said it will run fewer trains on Sundays following a dispute with drivers' union Aslef.
Hungary will not backtrack on controversial new laws it has passed despite pressure from the EU, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has said.
At first glance, it does not look like much.
Hackers may have accessed the credit card details of customers of Topps, the US-based company that makes collectible figures for toys and games.
India's batsmen continued their fine form to set up a target of 300 to beat South Africa and take a 2-0 lead in the three-Test series.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has more than doubled since changes to the law came into force.
Two youths have been arrested in connection with an attack on a donkey in Monmouthshire.
More than £1m has been spent looking for a new burial site in Oxford after running out of space at the city's cemeteries.
Five people have been shot at a party hosted by US singer Chris Brown in California.
The Trump administration has agreed to restart a deal to sell US military aircraft to Nigeria, US media reports say.
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans to build 4,000 new homes in a new garden village in the Longcross area of Surrey have been revealed.
Agriculture is one of the major sources of greenhouse gas emissions from global carbon emissions, according to the UN's food agency.
A theatre producer who defrauded the Arts Council of Wales out of £30,000 has been jailed for five years at Cardiff Crown Court.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he does not know what John Terry's future holds at Chelsea.
Former First Minister Peter Robinson has accused those campaigning for the UK to remain in the EU of using fear tactics in the referendum campaign.
The former head of the police in the Afghan capital, Kabul, General Rahmatullah Zahir, has been replaced by a former provincial police chief.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are expected to be alive by the time they turn 100 in 2047, according to new figures.
Some of the UK's most threatened butterfly species could be at risk of extinction from global warming, according to a new study.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the A90 in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
More than 300 new jobs are to be created at a Cardiff-based sales and marketing firm.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the more unusual ways women have been treated in Africa.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a father-of-two who was stabbed to death in a shopping centre.
The father of a man who murdered a man in a bungled burglary has had his sentence for assisting an offender increased.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been named the most deprived town in England and Wales, according to new figures.
Comedian and actor Jimmy Ball is to co-host this year's Olivier Awards for best actor in a musical or musical.
A commemorative tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her father and mother, describing them as "everything".
The number of companies going into administration and liquidation in Scotland has continued to fall, according to figures from accountants KPMG.
Derry, Monaghan, Fermanagh, Cavan, Mayo, Meath and Monaghan all make changes to their squads for Saturday's All-Ireland qualifiers.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for three years for passing on information to a drug dealer he met at a gym.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his landlord who had asked him to move out after a row over a microwave oven.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, the Foreign Office has said.
Patient safety in the NHS 111 phone line will be compromised due to a "lack of resilience to peaks in demand", a health watchdog has warned.
Former Mansfield Town striker Danny Green says his time at the club was "done" after he was released by the club at the end of the season.
UK Sport has said it will put an "extra emphasis" on monitoring high-performance programmes in the sport of taekwondo after a report found no evidence to support claims of poor treatment of athletes.
Glamorgan's top scorer David Lloyd hit an unbeaten century against Sussex to earn a draw at Hove.
The new chief executive of Scotland's largest savings bank has been appointed as the new managing director of Airdrie Savings Bank.
A man who charged victims for every £1,000 they borrowed to fund his gambling habit has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Jamaica's anti-doping chief has said the number of failed drugs tests of its athletes could be the "tip of the iceberg".
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been named as the new coach of Italy's national team.
Shrewsbury Town kept their League Two play-off hopes alive with a hard-fought 3-2 win over Blackpool.
In the run-up to the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, the BBC has been looking at the impact of the EU on major projects in Greater Manchester.
The body of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos will be moved to a military cemetery in the capital, Manila, to be buried with full military honours, the army says.
Ten suspected modern-day slavery victims have been found at restaurants in West Midlands, police have said.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has dropped dramatically since the start of the EU-Turkey deal.
An elderly grandmother has been given a new bike after it was stolen while she was out cycling to the supermarket.
Relatives of the seven people who died in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they are "not any further forward" in the investigation into the tragedy.
AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli says he was about to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans.
Two victims of the Smiler rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers are to be remembered at an event to raise money for emergency services.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's classic Citizen Kane to become the UK's most influential film of all time.
A New York state police officer has shot and wounded David Sweat, one of two inmates who went on the run after breaking out of a maximum security prison, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was stabbed during a traffic collision in Lancashire.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a sharp fall in profits as sales of its high-end drinks like Diet Coke and Cherry Coke declined.
A community in Cambodia has been working hard to increase the number of tourists visiting its mangrove forests to increase their income from fishing.
West Ham United have signed teenager Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California.
An Oxford University college has banned a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party and a violin has been donated to a Syrian refugee.
A man has appeared in court following the discovery of drugs with a street value of more than Â£3,000 during a police operation in the Scottish Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says they have made the country's fans proud by reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016.
The number of teacher vacancies in some parts of northern Scotland has been increasing at a faster rate than other parts of the country.
Hollywood star George Clooney surprised a care home's resident with flowers and a card after staff told him she would love to meet him.
Repairs to homes in Hertfordshire which were evacuated after a sinkhole opened up have been completed.
Everton have appointed Leicester City's director of football Steve Walsh as their new assistant manager.
Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters will be available for Tuesday's Euro 2016 warm-up games against Sweden and Belgium.
Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new contract to stay with the club until June 2019.
Royal Mail has been mocked on social media after a postie left a box containing a parcel in the toilet.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as National League side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two side Cheltenham Town in the FA Cup second round.
All photographs © Gareth Iwan Jones/Institute
One of the UK soldiers at the centre of the Iraq Human Rights Action Team (IHAT) inquiry has said it has "ruined lives".
Nigeria's former governor, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges at a London court.
A new executive director is being sought at Scotland's oldest hotel to oversee all the fun things to do at the site in Peebles.
Scotland coach Vern Visser has named an unchanged squad for the World Cup game against South Africa in Newcastle.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Swansea and Staffordshire to show their support for a mother who was criticised for feeding her baby in public.
Fleetwood Town came from behind to thrash League Two side Southport in the FA Cup first round with a 4-1 extra-time win.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has won a legal challenge against the Department of Health.
It's that time of year again - time to celebrate the people and places in the UK that deserve to be recognised with a blue plaque.
More than 100 doctors have written an open letter criticising the government's handling of the NHS in England, saying it is "withering away".
The Mexican government says it will resume food deliveries to the southern state of Oaxaca, where protests by teachers' union leaders have blocked roads.
A 7.1 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island of Vanuatu, prompting a tsunami warning for the Pacific nation.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not ask the Speaker of Australia's lower house of parliament to resign.
A reward of up to Â£20,000 has been offered to anyone with information about the murder of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Italy opened their Euro 2016 campaign with a 2-0 win over Belgium thanks to goals from Federico Pelle and Andrea Giaccherini.
Rory McIlroy moved into a share of the lead with Louis Dubuisson and Jaco van Zyl after round two of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Olympic silver medallist James Swift has announced his retirement from skeleton after 10 years with Great Britain.
Firefighters have been tackling a large fire at a house in Suffolk after a thatch roof collapsed.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a politician was mistakenly sent to a funeral company to be cremated instead of his brother, who died in hospital.
A new combined authority's plans to hire 15 new staff on £100,000-a-year salaries have been rejected by councillors.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time with a straight-set semi-final win in Melbourne.
Snow has been falling in parts of northern England, causing disruption to train and road transport.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of trying to "undermine the credibility" of its report on Heathrow expansion.
Promoters are in talks to bring a world heavyweight boxing title fight to Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, says the stadium's owner Ken Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his players they need to change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Championship.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Ryan Weston following his release by League Two side Wycombe Wanderers.
Retailer BHS has launched a new online shop to replace its defunct department store, BHS.com.
In the aftermath of the devastating floods in Bangladesh, Joba Rani had to sell three of her cows to pay back her microfinance loan.
The Obama administration is in the final stages of drawing up a plan to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, the White House press secretary has said.
Drivers on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise after a long-running industrial dispute.
A Conservative MP who was falsely accused of selling oil from Iran to the Islamic State group has been awarded damages.
Environmental campaigners, including Friends of the Earth and War on Want, have launched a petition calling on the European Union to suspend trade negotiations with the US and Canada.
Former Bolton Wanderers striker Dean Holdsworth has been appointed as the Trotters' director of football.
Scotland made it back-to-back Six Nations wins for the first time since 2001 with a hard-fought victory over Ireland in Edinburgh.
Scientists in China say they have successfully used a gene-editing technique to reverse the effects of cancerous tumours in mice.
The future of Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", has been secured.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to three women for their work promoting peace, equality and justice around the world.
Belfast Stars maintained their unbeaten start to the Elite League season with a 2-0 win over Cardiff Capitals at the Ice Arena Wales.
Katie Belcher's silver medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan was Great Britain's only medal of the World Canoeing Championships.
The Alton Towers fire service was called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash "within minutes" of the accident, the fire service has said.
A man has been detained under the mental health act after a bomb squad was called to Sydney's Bondi Beach, close to where three people were killed in a mass shooting last December.
Seven detainees involved in unrest at Australia's Christmas Island detention centre have been transferred to the mainland, the Australian Border Force says.
Meat inspectors in the UK have criticised new rules which mean they will no longer be able to inspect pigs' heads to check for signs of disease.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have re-signed defender Christian Dasilva on loan from Premier League side Chelsea until January.
A mother and grandmother have been found guilty of failing to protect a disabled teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson.
At least 11 people are now known to have been killed in the collapse of a house in the Italian city of Naples, officials say.
Former Hartlepool United midfielder Paul Sweeney says the appeal of playing in the North East played a part in his decision to sign for Gateshead.
British astronaut Tim Peake has given an impromptu "space talk" to children in front of a live link-up with the International Space Station.
A man who attacked a baby boy's mother in a "cowardly" attack which left him with life-changing injuries has been jailed.
The winner of an award for the best teacher in the world has been awarded $1m (Â£700,000) by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
North Wales should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to "work better" with the "Northern Powerhouse", the head of the CBI in north Wales has said.
National League side Braintree Town have signed former Tranmere Rovers defender Gary Kelly on a short-term deal.
Adele has beaten Beyonce to the best album prize at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Brom at Anfield was "vital" for their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League.
The UK government has agreed to change patent law in Scotland to make it easier for inventors to defend their ideas in local courts.
Hollywood actress Lupita Nyong'o's custom-made dress for the Primetime Emmy Awards has been stolen from the hotel where she was staying after the ceremony.
Rock band Radiohead have released their theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 to set up Sunday's EuroHockey semi-final against Belgium.
The Home Office has asked the police pay review body to consider whether more can be done to reduce overtime payments.
Archaeologists working at Edinburgh Castle have uncovered the remains of defensive walling at the site dating back to the 17th Century.
An ice cream maker in the Canadian province of Alberta has said it wants to help save a rural primary school that has been earmarked for closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked after a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre.
It was the man who sold Google the idea for its ill-fated attempt to sell the world's first "smart" wearable computer, and who offered to "clean up" the mess it left in Google's experimental version of Glass.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the "reform candidate" to become Fifa's next president.
Gillingham's winless run in League One extended to six games as they were held to a draw at Shrewsbury Town.
Plans to build a multi-million pound sports and housing development in Stirling have been rejected by councillors.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets.
Ed Miliband has learned that you can't please all the people all the time.
US and Russian defence officials are investigating an incident in which involved a Russian jet intercepting a US plane over the Sea of Okhotsk, US defence officials say.
Snapchat says its video-sharing service has now registered more than one billion video views a day.
Mobile phone provider Three has apologised to customers who were unable to make or receive calls or receive texts on Saturday.
An Australian school has banned its students from clapping during an assembly, but has allowed them to give a silent cheer instead.
A made-up Welsh MEP was the most likely to be recognised by members of the public who saw his real name, according to new research.
In the wake of the death of former England cricket captain Geoffrey Boycott, the Daily Telegraph printed an article about his mental health in which he was described as "Bonkers Bruno in Mental Home".
Welsh teenage taekwondo fighter Lauren Williams says winning gold at the European Championships has given her confidence for the World Championships.
Britain's IBF world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has been given until 3 August to agree a deal to fight Mexico's Saul 'Canelo' Ortiz.
Police in Nigeria are continuing their siege of the headquarters of the country's football federation (NFF) in Abuja.
The curlew has been added to the UK's list of birds of conservation concern due to its decline in Northern Ireland.
Burnley midfielder Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to cover for injured defender Ben Johnson.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the Goncourt Prize for his latest novel, The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash with a car in east London.
France's Patrick Levy extended his lead at the BMW PGA Championship in Germany to six shots after the second round at Bad Griesbach.
The former Battersea Power Station in south London has been put up for sale.
Two people have been killed in an attack by an Afghan soldier on US and Nato forces in southern Afghanistan, the US-led coalition says.
Gregor Townsend has confirmed he will name his Scotland squad for the autumn internationals after Glasgow Warriors' Pro12 play-off final on Saturday.
Port Vale boss Graham Smurthwaite says the club are attracting interest from Championship clubs as they prepare for the January transfer window.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, officials say.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Roma missed the chance to go four points clear at the top of Serie A as Armando Izzo's own goal gave Genoa a 1-0 win.
Survivors of one of the "worst journey in the world" during World War II have been awarded medals by the Russian embassy in London.
Four men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of police officers in Craigavon, County Armagh.
Dolly Parton's latest album has gone straight to the top of the UK album chart.
Human remains found on a motorway slip road in Shropshire have been formally identified by police.
More than 1,200 people have been infected with cholera in Haiti since Hurricane Tomas made landfall on Saturday, the health ministry says.
The Conservatives have announced they are scrapping free school meals for infant pupils in England's primary schools.
The UK's construction sector shrank by less than first thought in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's comments about Chinese officials threatening to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK have been caught on camera by the monarch's official cameraman.
Former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager.
A Stirling man has been jailed for two years after being caught with cannabis with a street value of more than Â£1.5m.
Air pollution is one of the biggest threats to air quality around the world, according to the World Health Organization.
A young musician from Indonesia has been nominated for a Grammy award for his performance at New York's Jazz at Lincoln Center gala.
A woman has been arrested by police investigating the death of a disabled man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has backed a campaign to force the German government to pay compensation to those affected by the drug Thalidomide.
Europe's Rosetta comet may have been formed in the early days of the Solar System, according to scientists.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under increasing pressure to quit the presidential race after he said he was "not going to lose" his support over his obscene comments about women.
A British woman who appeared as an expert in the Oscar Pistorius' murder trial has appeared in court in South Africa, accused of illegally offering to represent the athlete's family.
Former world number one Tomic said he was "disrespectful" to tennis after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round of Wimbledon.
A Brazilian court has ruled in favour of Brazilian football club Barcelona in a long-running tax fraud case against the club's Brazilian star Neymar.
As the Queen and the former Cuban president, Fidel Castro, celebrate their official birthdays, the BBC News website looks back at the events leading up to their births.
A 16-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked in what police believe was a "honour-based violence" in Blackburn.
A new book by journalist and science writer Laurence Silberman has won the Samuel Johnson Prize, the UK's leading science book award, for his book on autism.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for the EuroHockey Championships warm-up matches against the Netherlands.
A man has been arrested after a number of "suspicious" car fires in Wiltshire.
The former deputy first minister of Northern Ireland has said his mother was "appalled" when she found out about his membership of the IRA.
More than 1,000 people have travelled from Northern Ireland to the Republic of Ireland in the wake of the Troubles, according to the Department of Foreign Affairs.
A County Tyrone man has been given an indefinite hospital order for causing the death of a woman in a head-on crash in County Armagh.
Two Syrian men have been found guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, who drowned while trying to cross the Aegean Sea to Greece.
South African scrum-half Rynard van Rooyen says the prospect of playing in the Pro12 could help his team-mates earn their place in the Springboks squad.
Israel has said it "deeply regrets" the harm caused to civilians during the 2014 Gaza war, but denied it committed war crimes.
In the aftermath of Scotland's defeat by Georgia in Georgia, Germany's 2-0 win over Poland on Friday night, it was easy to be cynical about the outcome of Monday's World Cup qualifier in Frankfurt.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA champion Johannes Braehmer and regain his WBO world title.
Thirty-seven paintings by Sir Winston Churchill have been given to the National Trust to mark the 50th anniversary of his death.
In the wake of the attack at Manchester Arena on 22 May, the city is still in shock.
An elderly woman has been hit with a crowbar by a man who robbed her at knifepoint in north Belfast.
Tinie Thiepval, one of the UK's most influential and influential artists, has revealed the secrets of his secret recording studio - and it's not your average recording studio.
Trench coat maker Aquascutum, whose coats were worn by British soldiers during World War One and the first ascent of Mount Everest, is set to be sold.
Dozens of people have taken advantage of a fault at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire to withdraw double the amount of money they had requested.
An Aberdeen University building has been closed after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected by the governing body.
An extra 1,500 doctor training places are to be made available in England to help tackle a shortage of home-grown doctors, the government has announced.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Saracens ran in seven tries to thrash Bath.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Jack Kashket from League Two side Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and brought in Southampton midfielder Jack Gap on loan until January.
The phrase "never go back" is one of the most cliche phrases in football.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has said the pressure of the scam was "horrendous".
A court in Japan has ruled that women cannot legally take their husband's surname after marriage.
Wales fly-half Ken Owens says Ospreys have built momentum after a poor start to the season.
Nottinghamshire captain Luke Read says the Outlaws are "hoping for silverware" after reaching the One-Day Cup Finals Day.
Sam Clifton says Strictly Come Dancing has been an "absolute saviour" for him after he revealed he was struggling with depression.
Mitt Romney, the Republican presidential candidate, is looking for someone to be his running mate.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan rose sharply in the last year, according to figures released by the United Nations.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents can no longer be fined for taking their children on holiday outside of school terms.
The ex-girlfriend of former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has said she had "no involvement" in his private life.
A one year deferral period for men who have had sex with another man in the past 12 months is being lifted in England, Scotland and Wales.
Saracens have completed the signing of England centre Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee.
Greece is holding a referendum on 5 July to decide whether to accept the terms of an EU-IMF bailout.
Three years ago this week England's cricket team were celebrating their first win over Australia at The Oval.
Lancashire missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup semi-finals after rain meant they had to settle for a draw against Warwickshire.
The Six Nations could be "messing with players' health" by reducing the tournament to six weeks, according to former Wales captain Jonathan Davies.
A body has been found in the search for a cyclist who went missing while cycling in Cornwall.
Work has started to restore a Victorian cemetery in Wrexham to its "best-preserved" condition.
Nurses and other health workers in England and Wales could be used to fill gaps in the workforce to help deal with growing doctor shortages, a report has suggested.
More than 3,000 people, including children, are leaving besieged rebel-held eastern districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
At least 140 people have been killed in an attack on a UN-backed airbase in eastern Libya, the UN says.
Would you like to know how much it would cost to graduate in England?
Labour MP Angela Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet following the resignation of Natalie Powell.
England and Scotland meet at Wembley on Saturday in their final World Cup qualifier before the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign gets under way.
US-Russia relations are at a "low point", Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said.
Cheshire's ambition to become part of the Northern Powerhouse is a bold one.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has appeared in court in connection with the attempted murder of a man at a hotel in County Antrim.
The European Union has said it will not pay the last six-month payment to the African Union force fighting in Somalia, the BBC has learned.
A man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney as part of a counter-terrorism operation, Australian police have said.
The US space agency, Nasa, has developed a new material that could be used to protect satellites in space.
Dogs trained to chase seagulls have been used to reduce the spread of E. coli bacteria on US beaches, according to a new study.
A bird of prey has been found shot dead in a wood in Bedfordshire.
Jeremy Corbyn's opponents in the Labour leadership contest have claimed that a surge in the number of new members of the party is a sign of growing opposition to his leadership.
Police have said they may be granted extra powers to stop and search football fans at the Champions League final in Cardiff on Saturday.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades campaigning to protect the country's forests has been awarded the prestigious Goldman Environmental Prize.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham moved back to the top of the Premier League with victory over Manchester City at Etihad Stadium.
Child marriage is the leading cause of child deaths in some of the world's most vulnerable countries, according to a Save the Children report.
Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Sunderland Ladies.
British author William Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel, the BBC has announced.
A former table tennis coach has been found guilty of sending indecent images of himself to a schoolgirl.
The winner of a competition to find the world's heaviest pumpkin has been revealed.
McLaren boss Eric Boullier says the team's poor start to the Formula 1 season is "not good enough".
Working parents in England will be able to give their children 30 hours of free childcare by the time they leave nursery, David Cameron has said.
The Plaid Cymru leader has accused Theresa May of being "too soft on extremists".
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson will be out for "as long as we initially thought" after breaking his leg in the 1-0 defeat by Liverpool.
Hundreds of people were queuing outside a theatre in Chelmsford to hear Jeremy Corbyn.
Munster are being investigated by European Cup officials over their treatment of Conor Murray after his head injury in Sunday's win over Glasgow Warriors.
MSPs are to investigate how council chief executives and returning officers are paid for their role in overseeing elections.
Police are appealing for information after the body of a man was found at a house in Saltcoats, County Down.
When it comes to buying new things for her home, Janice Sen is a big fan of shopping online.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is not worried about the club's lack of new-look squad, despite a busy January transfer window.
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan has denied breaching a ministerial code by unilaterally approving a plan to restrict the development of the Sprucefield shopping estate in west Belfast.
Glamorgan made it two wins from their opening two County Championship games as they held on to beat Gloucestershire by three wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has said it is "pleased" to be at the stage of applying for funding for a flood protection scheme for the town centre.
Cattle farmers are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) on their land.
A veteran runner has completed her final attempt to run the London Marathon.
The prime minister has accused Labour of running a "shabby load of nonsense and scaremongering" over the future of a hospital at the centre of a by-election in North West Leicestershire.
Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from all active duties at Kilmarnock Football Club.
More than 130 men from around the UK have taken part in a conference on domestic abuse to encourage more men to report abuse.
Everton's young players made their senior debuts as French forward Romelu Laborde scored the winner in a 1-0 Europa League win over Krasnodar.
Jockey William Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after a back injury he sustained on Permian.
Voters in Scotland go to the polls on 8 May to choose who they want to represent their views in the UK general election.
New Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare says the players would "love to see him get the job long term".
The SDLP and Alliance have called for an urgent inquiry into the disappearance of children who have been separated from their parents.
Brussels has reopened to the public for the first time since the attacks in the French capital, Paris, on Friday.
The M1 motorway was closed to allow a plane to make an emergency landing after it diverted to an airport due to a suspected "aircraft emergency".
The final three series of the US TV series Breaking Bad are to be shown in the UK for the first time.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Andy Haldane, has said the case for raising interest rates is "still some way from being made".
The future of Leicestershire speedway team has been secured after a deal was agreed for the club to stay in business.
The number of people living in poverty in the US reached a record high in 2011, according to the latest figures from the US Census Bureau.
Volunteers are being sought to help with conservation work at a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,400 Asian girls were sexually abused in Rotherham, the BBC's File on 4 programme has been told.
Sam Allardyce says he will be "happy" if England get the result they want in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia in Trnava.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 16-year-old girl at a railway station in Birmingham.
The UK will continue to oppose any attempt to create an "EU army", the UK defence secretary has said.
The bodies of all five people who died in a helicopter crash in the Snowdonia mountains have been found, police have said.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour was the most senior Taliban leader to be killed since the fall of Mullah Omar in 2001.
A bike hire scheme has been reinstated in Oxford after it was cut short by the collapse of a previous operator.
The Colombian government and the country's largest rebel group, the Farc, have asked the UN Security Council to oversee any ceasefire.
A US court has ruled that Madonna did not break the law when it ruled that the song Vogue did not infringe a songwriter's copyright.
Construction of a new road to ease congestion in a Pembrokeshire town has been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
A grand piano once owned by King George V has been restored to its former home at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew at its slowest rate in three years in the July-to-September period, according to official figures.
Blackberry has announced a larger version of its flagship handset, the Z30, designed to compete with larger, more powerful Android-powered handsets.
Rare stills from the career of British actor and director Sir Richard Attenborough are expected to fetch up to £15,000 at auction.
A witness in the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has been accused of being an "accomplished liar" by a QC during cross-examination.
There is no greater symbol of an economy that doesn't work than zero-hours contracts, Labour leader Ed Miliband has said.
The sale of John Hutchison's controlling interest in Motherwell FC was always going to take longer than expected.
Detectives investigating the murder of a teenager in Blackpool in 2003 are to make an appeal for information about her disappearance during the Blackpool FC football match.
Regulated rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales have risen by 1% in July, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has announced.
The Ministry of Defence has opened a new unit to treat injured war veterans who have been referred to it from the NHS, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said.
Oxford University is commissioning portraits of more people from a range of ethnic and disability backgrounds to be displayed on its walls.
Derbyshire will return to the T20 Blast next season despite missing out on a place in the Finals Day, says head coach Mark Wilson.
England manager Stuart Sampson believes his side would have won the Olympic gold medal had they been allowed to represent their country at Rio 2016.
American film Spotlight has been named best picture at the American Film Institute (AFI) awards, winning best picture for the first time.
Owen Sheers has won the Book of the Year award for his novel Pink Mist, which explores the impact of war on soldiers returning from Afghanistan.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond will have to "push their way in" to earn their place in England's Test side, says former England captain Andy Flower.
I am a collector of vintage Indian matchbox labels and have been collecting them for the past 25 years.
Athletes in the Olympics and Paralympics have been spotted with red circles on their skin to help with aches and pains.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead on Sunday, despite protests in the Gulf kingdom.
Actresses Michelle Dockery, Janet McTeer and Michelle West are to star in the UK premiere of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon in January.
The Wickerman Festival has unveiled the name of its new stage for this year's event, which will feature a new stage with the addition of a main stage for the first time.
A gas explosion at a house in North Yorkshire was like an "aircraft strike", a paramedic has told an inquest.
Celebrations are under way to celebrate JK Rowling's birthday.
Venezuelans have attacked shops in a town in the north of the capital, Caracas, to protest against growing shortages of food and medicine.
A London letting agency has been paid more than £2.1m in housing benefit by a council, the BBC has found.
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw says they will need to be more "subtle and clever" if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday.
Every year, same-sex couples in Australia spend a small fortune on their wedding.
South Korea's opposition parties have ended their record-breaking filibuster of the National Assembly, which lasted for 24 hours.
It's been a busy week for the BBC News Channel, with some of the biggest names from across the UK coming together to decide who will be in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest.
A limited number of commemorative coins to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been produced by the Royal Mint in Wales.
South Korea's president-elect and Japan's new prime minister have held their first face-to-face talks since the election.
England midfielder Michael Carrick is a doubt for Tuesday's friendly with France after injuring his ankle in a friendly win over Spain.
An inquest into the death of missing schoolgirl Alice Gross will look at whether there was any failure by the authorities to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the most powerful militant groups in North Africa.
An Aberdeenshire MP has been reunited with a lost child's toy rabbit after it was found at the gates of Westminster.
A US court has ordered police to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock an iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists there is "nothing to fear" ahead of the Champions League qualifier against Ajax.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new undisclosed-length deal with the Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion Jamie McDonnell will defend his title against former WBO world champion Jorge Rosas in Manchester on Saturday.
In the wake of the Brexit vote on 23 June, one of the most surprising things about the Bank of England's decision to extend Mark Carney's term in office was how little detail it gave us about why he had decided to do so.
The Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) - a controversial system for end-of-life care for dying patients in England - is likely to be scrapped, an independent review is set to recommend.
Four men accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his own home were part of a "street drinking fraternity", a court has heard.
Russian computer hacker Roman Seleznev has been convicted in the US of running one of the largest credit card hacking operations in US history.
A cat has been stabbed to death in what the RSPCA described as a "shocking and completely senseless attack".
One of New Zealand's most famous sea birds, Lanky the Pelican, has been put to sleep at a zoo in Wellington, New Zealand.
The proportion of top A-level grades at England's schools has risen this year, with boys overtaking girls for the first time in 17 years.
Five children at a nursery in Neath Port Talbot have tested positive for measles, Public Health Wales has said.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has suspended the country's top prosecutor in the wake of leaked recordings that appear to show corruption at the highest levels of the government.
The route taken by Major Harry Percy to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
The only "credible explanation" for the death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko is that the Russian state was involved in his death, a public inquiry has heard.
Head teachers have said they are "disappointed" Chancellor Philip Hammond has failed to address "severe funding pressures" in England's schools in his Autumn Statement.
Pupils should be able to pay for their school meals using their fingerprints rather than cash, an assembly member has said.
Scientists say they have developed a new way to boost the body's ability to fight the HIV virus.
An investigation has been launched after a man had part of three fingers amputated following an incident in police custody.
Voters in Ivory Coast are set to go to the polls on Sunday to choose their preferred candidate to lead the country's next government.
Dover Athletic have been granted permission to sign former Gillingham trainee Alex N'Gala.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says Kane Hemmings remains a key reason for the club's desire to keep the striker at Tannadice.
The Royal British Legion has launched a campaign to change the way people think of Remembrance Day and the poppy.
Brian Graham scored a hat-trick as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Rosehall Staggies and progress to the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
The sequel to The Conjuring has topped the US box office, ending a run of disappointing sequels.
Broadway legend Lord Lloyd-Webber has defended the high cost of West End musicals, saying they are "immensely reasonable".
An app that would alert emergency services to the location of people in the event of a natural disaster has been created by a student in Svalbard, Norway.
Jacques Rudolph and David Miller both hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire to make it two wins from their opening two T20 Blast games.
The world was a scary place in 2015.
A man has been arrested after the body of a woman was found at a house in Bridgend county.
At least 12 people have been killed in attacks in the French capital, Paris, and other cities across the country.
Prince Philip's royal duties will come to an end in August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
More than half of the residents of two blocks of flats in Shoreham have voted in favour of the demolition of the buildings.
A burglar was shot dead by intruders who mistakenly thought he was a drug dealer, a court has heard.
Taylor Swift is no longer available to stream on Spotify.
Formula 1 drivers Jenson Button and Nico Rosberg have expressed concerns about the safety of the new street circuit at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
The chief minister of the Indian capital, Delhi, has resumed his protest against the police in the city's streets.
Gangsters are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to evade police and evade capture, according to senior officers.
Ticket sales for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year show in Belfast have sold out.
Former world champion Lance Armstrong says he would probably not compete in the sport again if he was given the chance.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his players have "everything to look forward to" after they face Russia in their final Euro 2016 Group B game.
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling motorbike races in the world.
Chris Wells says he will not rest on his laurels if he fails to achieve his goals at Sussex this season.
Residents have threatened to chain themselves to a boulder after a council said it may have to move it to make a road safer.
More than £330,000 has been raised for visually impaired pensioner John Barnes after a Go Fund Me appeal was set up to help him to buy a new home.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside £3.1bn to cover claims related to mis-selling payment protection insurance (PPI).
An "incredible" painting of a 17th Century poet and socialite has been saved for the nation after it was bought by the National Trust.
Up to five per cent of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if the Welsh government cuts the amount of funding it gives to subsidised services, local authorities have warned.
In our series of letters to South African judges, I ask them to give us your questions for the Easter holidays.
Turkey has lifted a ban on police officers wearing headscarves in public places, including schools, courts and universities.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation for master's degrees in cyber security by GCHQ, the UK's intelligence agency.
A man has been jailed for life for the "vile murder" of a woman whose body was found in a street in Norwich.
Clashes have broken out in the centre of the Lebanese capital, Beirut, following the killing of two prominent Shia Muslim leaders.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after being assaulted by a nurse at a residential hospital for people with learning disabilities have said they were given mixed messages about what happened.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper Rafael Marciano on a permanent deal.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, one of the most prolific scorers in National Hockey League history, has died aged 91.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has criticised a UK-led international aid agency for booking 15 flights costing £5,000 each to fund projects in Africa.
A man who spent 12 years in jail after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he will continue fighting for compensation after his conviction for robbery was quashed.
Labour has said Prime Minister David Cameron will be "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if he pushes for an in-out EU referendum on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough maintained their perfect start to the League One season with a 2-1 victory over Rotherham.
Jules Bianchi's family say they are "living a nightmare" as they wait to hear whether their son will be able to make a "miracle" recovery following his crash at the Russian Grand Prix.
A US law firm, Axiom, is to create 97 new jobs in Belfast as part of its expansion plans in the city.
CCTV recordings have been released of a man who made phone calls to two taxi firms from a house in Bedfordshire during a burglary.
Colin Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Superbike Championship standings with victory at Knockhill on Saturday.
Retail sales volumes in the UK slowed in May as the cost of goods continued to rise, according to official figures.
The Gambia has announced it has withdrawn its membership of the British Commonwealth.
A senior social worker accused of failing to visit offenders with mental health needs in breach of a court order has been found guilty of misconduct.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union "at the moment", Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The US justice department has announced new rules that make it more difficult for police to use technology to track mobile phones without a warrant.
The Gambia has closed its embassy in Cuba to mark the death of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog that was seized by Belfast City Council after being deemed a dangerous dog has been allowed to return home.
Everton have rejected a bid from Manchester City for England defender John Stones, reports BBC Radio Stoke.
More than 1,200 homes and businesses in the Republic of Ireland were left without power on Sunday as high winds and heavy rain battered the country.
A 16-year-old boy has been killed in a crash with a lorry in south London.
Two men have been killed and three others injured in a head-on crash in South Yorkshire.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner whispered in his friend's ear that she would "pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City boss Lee Johnson said he was proud of the way his side responded to a "difficult week" by coming from behind to beat Newcastle United.
The EFL has announced plans to introduce a new system for penalties in the EFL Cup and Carabao Cup play-offs.
A woman who has been selling poppies from the entrance to Bristol Cathedral for more than 75 years has been recognised as one of the UK's longest-standing poppy sellers.
A teenage girl has told an inquest into the death of Arlene Arkinson that she was "lucky to get away" from Robert Howard, the man convicted of murdering the County Tyrone teenager.
Greece's economy minister has said the approval of the government's bailout deal with creditors is a "first step towards a deal", after Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras won a key parliamentary vote.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire have confirmed they are interested in hosting a day-night Test at Headingley.
A sculpture by the sculptor Henry Moore is to be returned to London's Canary Wharf following a long-running dispute with the artist's former council.
A Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" while he goes on holiday.
A contestant on America's Got Talent has been criticised for saying it is a "privilege" for US citizens to have healthcare, but others have defended her comments.
A new website has been launched in the UK to stop people buying fake views on YouTube videos.
The Chinese space agency says it will burn up when it re-enters the Earth's atmosphere on Saturday.
If you love your chicken, you are not alone.
Prime Minister David Cameron's father Ian, who was born with both legs deformed, has died aged 77, Downing Street has confirmed.
Up to 15,000 rebels are to be allowed to leave the last remaining rebel-held district of the Syrian city of Homs, officials say.
Saracens boss Mark McCall says his players have the potential to keep improving after their record-breaking European Champions Cup campaign.
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird has been raised to make it harder for revellers to hang sex toys and other items from it.
Former supermarket bosses have warned that the price of groceries could rise sharply if the UK leaves the European Union.
Paul Scholes has returned to play for Manchester United for the first time since retiring at the end of May.
Rio de Janeiro's famous samba school, the Ferreira do Caramulo, has been crowned Brazil's most popular carnival parade.
The Welsh government has been accused of not doing enough to encourage investment in renewable energy.
Diesel has become cheaper than petrol at the UK pump for the first time since 2001, supermarkets have said.
Olympic silver medallist Adam Peaty won the men's 200m at the European Indoor Championships in Finland.
Ed Miliband has urged young people to register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, saying they "can decide their future".
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales will be given the right to challenge police decisions not to prosecute suspects, Labour has said.
For someone who grew up on a potato farm in Herefordshire, David Chase has a natural talent for making crisp-making.
The Syrian government says it is committed to its commitments to destroy its chemical weapons, despite coming under attack from rebel groups.
A six-year-old girl who died after getting into difficulty at a pool at a children's birthday party was not adequately supervised, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira and wicketkeeper-batsman Mitch Mitchell both made centuries to put his side in control against Derbyshire at New Road.
India's decision to scrap high denomination currency notes like the 500 and 1,000 rupee notes is likely to backfire, according to one of the world's leading economists.
Bradford's unbeaten start to the season came to an end as they were beaten by Oxford at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans to build 600 new homes in a village in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" when his side take on Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Hollywood star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed that he is in a relationship with singer Taylor Swift.
The UK government has a legal obligation to provide funding for inquests into the Troubles, the Lord Chief Justice (LCJ) has said.
Surrey moved off the bottom of the County Championship table with an eight-wicket win over Nottinghamshire.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street, one of Britain's most famous streets for the press, have been made redundant.
A New Zealand veterinary practice has been rated "good" after being rated "inadequate" following a previous inspection.
At Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, you might expect to find a lecture hall filled with lecturers, lecturers and lecturers.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable 3-1 win at Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood moved to the top of the second round leaderboard at the US Open.
A new initiative to improve the quality of care for children and young people with mental health problems in West Berkshire is being launched.
A new air ambulance service for north Wales is to be launched in a bid to improve emergency care in the region, the health secretary has announced.
The family of a British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for trying to overthrow the government have said they are "increasingly on tenterhooks" as they await the outcome of her appeal.
Lee Westwood says he is back to the stage where he "turn up fully expecting to play well" at this year's Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Arsenal defender Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One side.
Badminton is the only sport to have had its UK Sport funding cut for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Chester Zoo.
A body has been found following a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
A German man who killed a motorcyclist in a "momentary lapse" in the road has been fined and banned from driving for two years.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, as gains in energy and financial stocks outweighed declines in energy stocks.
Blackpool have signed Manchester United midfielder Jack Allsop and ex-England Under-18 striker Harry Cooke on loan until January.
All the reports from Saturday and Sunday's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Thousands of people have taken part in Armed Forces Day events in the East of England.
A man is attempting to break the world record for the largest ever egg served with sausage meat.
A doctor has been jailed for five years for stealing £1m from a Lincolnshire surgery to fund his gambling habit.
Charlton Athletic have appointed former boss Jose Riga as their new head coach.
John Hardie is talking about Lockhart's Gaff.
Indonesian social media users have been reacting to the bomb blasts in the capital, Jakarta, using memes and hashtags to show support for the city.
More than 100 new jobs are to be created at a County Tyrone-based engineering and manufacturing company.
A Sioux Indian tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-infused gambling and entertainment resort.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will make it out of the second round of their Las Vegas boxing debut despite the American using lighter gloves.
More than 2,800 people have signed a petition against plans to sell off allotments in Surrey to build 500 houses.
Belfast Giants have named their GB men's hockey squad for February's European Winter Olympic qualifying tournament in Italy and the Netherlands.
Bay TV, an independent TV station which broadcasts a mix of news, sport and music, has been put up for sale.
Thousands of people have paid tribute to former Togo coach Keshi, who died on Sunday.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised by the PSNI after they were involved in an incident in County Londonderry in which a car was stolen.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in a "brutal attack in Salford city centre, police have said.
The bodies of all 224 people on board the Russian airliner that crashed in the Sinai peninsula on 1 November have been flown back to Moscow, the Kremlin says.
Juventus have completed the signing of striker Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid for an undisclosed fee.
Four "smart" gadgets designed to help parents monitor their children have been found to be vulnerable to hackers, according to security researchers.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty at the International Criminal Court (ICC) of crimes against humanity for the first time.
Malala Yousafzai is one of the most famous people in the world for her fight for girls to get an education.
Thousands of Chelsea fans have taken to the streets to celebrate the club's Premier League title win.
Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the world championship to 19 points with victory in the Mexican Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished third.
In the wake of the EU referendum result, the government is facing a legal challenge from a group of British expats who live and work in other EU countries.
Seachill fish processing plant in Wrexham is one of the UK's largest fish processing plants, but it's about to change its terms and conditions.
Russia's main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been found not guilty of taking part in an unauthorised rally in the capital, Moscow.
UK law firm Hays has said it is "too early to tell" whether the UK's decision to leave the EU will have a long-term impact on its business.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to the new version of its Android web browser for phones running the latest version of the operating system.
US consumers are less optimistic about the state of the economy, according to a survey of consumer attitudes.
Two brothers who were given lifelong anonymity after they were convicted of sexually abusing two boys in South Yorkshire have been granted the right to keep their identities secret.
More than 30 people have been arrested following a police crackdown on domestic abuse at England's Euro 2016 matches.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by cycling or walking to work, according to a new campaign.
Five men have been charged in connection with a series of anti-terror raids in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he will not rush Jacob Butterfield and Jonas Olsson back from injuries as they prepare to face Brighton & Hove Albion on Saturday.
Kyle Edmund will captain Great Britain in Friday's Davis Cup first-round tie against Serbia in Newport, Rhode Island.
Sam Tomkins says he has not ruled out a return to Wigan Warriors in the future.
Wigan Warriors moved to within two points of Super League leaders Hull FC with a comprehensive victory over bottom side Salford Red Devils.
A Sinn Féin councillor has said she has been subjected to a "campaign of sectarian intimidation" after resigning from her job as a primary school teacher.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of how some of the world's best-known rock formations, like the Arches of Stonehenge, resist erosion.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season for most of northern and western Scotland.
The use of whole brain radiotherapy to treat lung cancer does not improve the quality of life of patients, a study in the Lancet Oncology suggests.
N'Golo Kante has been named the PFA Young Footballer of the Year after helping Chelsea to the Premier League title.
Ricky Burns would be the perfect opponent for Liam Taylor if he fought the Scot next week, according to the Scot.
Aberdeen have completed the signing of striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year contract.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes between Saudi security forces and residents of a town in the country's restive Eastern Province, activists say.
Turkish forces have been exchanging fire with Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, close to the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour's new leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will make decisions about the party's future "here in Scotland".
A woman has found the final piece of gold-plated treasure in a treasure hunt at Scunthorpe Art Centre.
The family of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut Barracks have said they are "dismayed" by the delay in exhuming her remains.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered teenager Paige Doherty.
A new search and rescue helicopter base for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency has been officially opened in Gwynedd.
Sport Ireland chief executive Pat Treacy has said he has "major concerns" over how the sport is being run in Ireland.
The daughter of British aid worker Alan Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for airstrikes to be launched against the group.
Warwickshire will play Somerset in the One-Day Cup final after Ben Trott's unbeaten century helped them beat Essex to set up a home semi-final against Somerset.
Haiti's interim President, Jovenel Privert, has had his 120-day term in office expired, the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies have announced.
The black box data recorder from the crashed EgyptAir plane has been recovered from the sea bed off the Mediterranean coast, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation in the fight against terrorism, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the introduction of legal fees for people who bring discrimination cases in England and Wales was unlawful.
A goalkeeper from Iran's national football team has been banned from playing in the country's national team for six months because of his choice of trousers.
Lindsey Vonn extended her lead at the top of the women's World Cup super-G standings with victory in Austria.
Firefighters are warning hoverboard owners to keep an eye on their devices after two hoverboards caught fire in London.
Scotland and Ireland will begin their World Twenty20 group stage campaigns against Afghanistan and Oman respectively on Wednesday.
The FA Cup semi-final between Tottenham and Chelsea will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website.
The owners of a guest house have been fined after a holidaymaker was seriously injured when he fell through a balcony balustrade.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary, is leading a campaign to give vocational education in England the same status as university degrees as higher education.
A council has agreed to keep a swimming pool in Derbyshire open for a year after a campaign to save it.
The family of a man who murdered a County Antrim man have said they have been "completely let down by the justice system" after learning he will be released from prison after serving just nine years.
Diageo, the world's largest distiller of spirits, has reported flat sales in the year to March 2018.
More than 2,500 people have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for a review of the UK government's resettlement policy towards the Chagos Islands.
Ben Affleck says he was "delighted" to be cast in the lead role in the Oscar-nominated drama, Manchester by the Sea, which also stars Matt Damon.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region have released their hostages, officials say.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been talking about the case of a Muslim girl who was placed in the care of a council-run foster family.
A fire that destroyed a museum dedicated to the victims of Bloody Sunday shows "total disrespect" for those who lost their lives during the Troubles, a victim's family has said.
Drivers who break traffic restrictions which were abandoned after a council was forced to pay back thousands of pounds in fines are to be fined.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in profits for the three months to the end of March, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here, a mapping technology firm.
A positive outlook on life has been linked to a reduced risk of dying prematurely, say researchers in the US.
Budget airline Easyjet has announced new flights between Aberdeen and Durham Tees Valley Airport.
The man accused of killing five people at a Florida airport on Friday has been charged with five counts of murder.
The US economy grew at a weaker-than-expected rate in the fourth quarter, but consumer spending rose at its fastest rate in nine years, official figures show.
Scientists say they have mapped the vast amount of underground water that could be used to provide safe drinking water across Africa.
Charlton maintained their pursuit of a League One play-off place with a hard-fought 2-1 win at 10-man Bolton.
Glasgow Warriors have extended the contracts of Scotland Under-20 internationals Scott Rae and Sohrab Bhatti.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa after being ruled out for three months with a knee injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of south and mid Wales.
The Wimbledon Championships are one of the biggest sporting events in the UK.
Passengers on a double decker bus in North Ayrshire were told to get off as quickly as possible after it caught fire.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are likely to suffer the largest reductions in economic output as the UK leaves the European Union, according to new research.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to flee a huge wildfire on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius in southern Italy, officials say.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed as the UK's first female bishop.
President: Alassane Ouattara
"Technology is changing the way we organise and manage events," says Cvent co-founder Ankit Aggarwal.
Ospreys maintained their winning start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons in the Welsh derby at St James' Park.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist, filmmaker and columnist Shilpa Kannanavar looks at the history of Indian brand names.
General Motors (GM) has said it will close its plant in India and sell its manufacturing business there as part of cost-cutting measures.
National League side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham on loan until January 2018.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier who was attacked outside a bar in Brecon, Powys.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have visited a mango stall in London's Brixton market during a visit to the area.
More than 400 whales have been stranded on a New Zealand beach after getting stranded by a receding tide.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to show their support for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia at Hampden.
Surrey maintained their perfect start to the County Championship season with a five-wicket win over Warwickshire at The Oval.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State militants have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said.
Dyfed-Powys Police has been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog.
Ministers are considering whether to take control of schools in Birmingham which have been accused of being involved in extremism, the BBC has learned.
Galatasaray have completed the signing of Algerian striker Abdelhak Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was jailed for sending an "offensive" tweet after an airport was closed by snow has launched an appeal against his conviction.
Would you like to work for a company where you don't have to ask for permission to do anything?
Passengers were forced to run on to the wing of a plane to escape smoke after smoke started to seep into the cabin, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in England's squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 60 people have been treated for eye problems after problems with a mobile operating theatre at a County Antrim hospital.
Eight people have gone on trial in the eastern German city of Dresden accused of trying to carry out bomb attacks against asylum-seekers and left-wing groups.
All political parties have to reflect on the impact of EU funding after the UK voted to leave the EU, the former Welsh Secretary has said.
Abdelbaset al-Megrahi was convicted of murdering 259 people in the Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Scotland in December 1988.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian statues and artefacts in northern Iraq.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in many parts of the UK, with many people having to be rescued by helicopter or boat.
Talk, the UK's largest telecoms firm, has reported a sharp fall in profits after being hit by a major cyber attack last year.
Heineken has been told to address competition concerns over its planned takeover of the Punch Taverns chain of pubs.
A new research centre has opened in Aberdeen aimed at developing cutting-edge technology for the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Sunderland midfielder Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply of illicit drugs" have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court.
The BBC School Report team is looking for schools to send in their final School Report reports in advance of News Day on 16 March 2017.
Life in the Iron Age at a hill fort in Powys was "more colourful" than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
Two police officers have been shot through the window of a car parked outside a house in west Belfast.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to protest against the closure of Kids Company, the children's charity that provided support to some of the most vulnerable children and young people in the UK.
President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been criticised for paying a private company £5m-£6m to run a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 more children in England and Wales could be at risk of falling into poverty because of changes to child benefit rules, say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs to adapt to the changing nature of the labour market and the impact of technological change, according to a report.
A US court has sentenced an al-Qaeda militant to life in prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris has joined Championship side Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power plant project is not only the biggest single investment in the UK's energy sector since the Cold War.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who died on Sunday.
The US has confirmed that it has killed al-Qaeda leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed midfielder Chris Humphrey Bogdan on a permanent deal from Championship side Bolton Wanderers.
Doncaster Rovers moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places with a 2-0 win over fellow promotion hopefuls Rochdale thanks to a goal from Liam Williams.
Former Nottingham Forest striker Gary Collymore has withdrawn from the running of the Championship club.
Widnes Vikings have defended their artificial pitch after two of their players were injured in their Super League win at Salford Red Devils on Saturday.
People are being asked to attend a public meeting to see plans for a multi-million pound revamp of Keynsham town centre.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a short-term deal.
A veteran bagpipe player has been found guilty of trying to defraud a Hillsborough charity out of Â£1,000.
Probation officers in England and Wales have been criticised for failing to get offenders who have been ordered to do unpaid work to complete it on time.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against the Hurricanes on Tuesday.
Adele's new single, Hello, is on course to become the most-streamed single of the year in the UK.
Police searching for a missing Aberdeenshire man have said they are "frustrated" by the "difficult terrain" in which they have been searching.
Hundreds of teaching assistants in County Durham have taken part in a rally in a bid to resolve a dispute over pay and conditions.
Green Party leader Natalie Wood has said the general election offers an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Scotland and Wales.
The melting of ice in the Arctic Ocean has taken scientists by surprise.
A Muslim man who came out as gay and married a non-Muslim man has said he has received death threats since the ceremony.
Cornwall will play Cheshire in the County Championship final after a bonus-point win over Surrey in the semi-final at Twickenham.
A virtual reality version of Alice in Wonderland has been launched in Llandudno, Conwy county, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Lewis Carroll's novel.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have accused Highways England of being "shameful" for proposing "modest" road improvements to ease congestion in West Sussex.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been banned from football for eight years.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered a "unique square megalithic monument" at one of the UK's largest prehistoric stone circles.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Goalkeeper Liam Bowns says Cardiff Devils can still win a trophy this season despite missing out on the chance to defend their Challenge Cup.
A boy who developed narcolepsy after being given a vaccine linked to the 2009-10 flu pandemic has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands following the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea at the seaside resort.
Dressing up as a clown could lead to an arrest, police have warned.
A former IRA murder suspect has won the latest stage in a legal battle to obtain recordings of interviews he gave to a US college about the Troubles.
Cardiff City midfielder Bruno Ecuele Manga is set to return to training after recovering from a virus which may have been malaria.
Wolves maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a 2-1 victory over Cambridge United.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill says he's had his fair share of criticism for the way the party's selection process for assembly candidates in Wales has been handled.
A motorcyclist who died following a crash with a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Bees, wasps and butterflies could be driven closer to extinction as a result of the recent wet weather in the UK, experts have warned.
In the aftermath of the Paris attacks, David Cameron's decision to take military action against so-called Islamic State in Syria has been widely seen as the right thing to do.
At least six people have been killed and 20 wounded in a shooting outside a bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has announced the end of production of its range of dedicated e-readers, as the growing popularity of e-books and the growing smartphone, tablet and so-called phablet market have made it hard for Sony to carve out a niche for itself.
Israel says it will remove metal detectors at a holy site in Jerusalem.
Wales is set to see an increase in flooding as a result of climate change, the Welsh government has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams in the Premier League title race who can challenge for the title.
A police dog has been put down after it attacked a handler during a training exercise in Cumbria.
An artificially intelligent chatbot called Eugene has passed the Turing Test for the first time, according to researchers at the University of Reading.
Eight Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The International Olympic Committee has said it is looking into an incident in which Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby refused to shake the hand of his opponent in the men's -78kg judo final.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved four points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a hard-fought win over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is the largest and most densely populated country on the continent of Africa.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed new technology that can "see" inside living brain tissue that could help track the progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says she is not fazed by talk that she could become the first British woman to win a Wimbledon title since 1977.
The roll-out of smart meters in England and Wales has been delayed for a third time.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for parking fines to be reduced from £90 to £45 if the bill is paid within 14 days.
A senior Tory activist has said he helped compile a 2010 dossier to highlight the extent of bullying within the party's youth wing, which was given to its chairman in 2010.
A fishing boat has been rescued by lifeboat after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Wight.
St Ronan's College have progressed to the All-Ireland Schools' Cup semi-final after a 6-14 to 0-11 win over St Mary's Magherafelt at the Dub on Sunday.
Two new Earth-observing cameras have been successfully attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
An Indian teenager from a village in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh has become the country's first topper in the school entrance exams.
An investigation into the sinking of a crab boat in which killed three fishermen has called for an urgent review of lifejacket testing procedures.
More than 1,000 ancient Egyptian sites have been discovered by analysing satellite images of the country from space, a BBC documentary has revealed.
A woman whose body was found at a house in Greater Manchester has been named by police.
The final episode of BBC comedy series Miranda, which was the most-watched programme of 2012, has been watched by 7.3m viewers.
When Apple showed off its new smartwatch at its event in Cupertino on Monday, California, the world was left wondering what it would look like.
A Perthshire-based sea salt business has secured a major contract with supermarket chain Sainbury's.
"What are the rules and regulations for hosting a mouse race?" is among the most bizarre phone calls made to councils in England and Wales, according to a report.
A "mystery" painting of King Henry VIII's coronation has been discovered in a park in County Durham.
A campaign group has said it is "appalled and astounded" by a planning inspector's decision to approve plans for a McDonald's restaurant in Aberdeenshire.
A sharp rise in the number of people being taken to A&E after normal working hours has been blamed on police detentions of mentally ill people.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he feels like a "five-year-old" as he prepares to enter his fifth decade.
When the lights go up at Cardiff's Principality Stadium for the final of the Champions League final, it will be the first time the European Cup final will be played in Wales' capital city since 1975.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) and video game maker Take-Two have announced plans to create a new e-sports league that will feature teams of players who compete in the NBA 2K video game.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's nuclear deterrent despite reports that a missile fired from a Royal Navy submarine veered off course and flew towards the US.
The list of achievements by British sportsmen and women goes on and on.
Aston Villa midfielder Scott Sinclair has signed a new, undisclosed-length contract with the Championship club.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Criterium du Dauphine title with victory on Sunday.
Joe Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends and a member of the star's inner circle, has died aged 71.
(Close): Shares in airlines were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100, with Easyjet, IAG and Merlin Entertainments among the worst performers.
One of the last flying Lancasters due to take part in displays at the Bournemouth Air Festival has been forced to make an emergency landing.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 13-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England is at its highest level since 2011-12, figures show.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has defended Tottenham's summer transfer policy, saying it is not a "tragedy" if they fail to reach their ambitions of winning the title.
When it comes to arranging a concert, few artists seem to have the means to pull it off.
Microsoft has revealed details of a new Xbox One game bundle that will include the best-selling Halo series of first-person shooter games.
Tributes have been paid following the death of British singer-songwriter and songwriter James Bay, who died on Sunday.
Home Secretary Theresa May should use her "discretionary powers" to ban two "incendiary" anti-Islamisation activists from the UK, a senior Labour MP has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged Donald Trump to use his victory in the presidential election to "send some signals of unity" to minority groups.
At least 80 people have been killed in a train crash in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, officials say.
Glamorgan have announced their 2017 T20 Blast schedule.
Former TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with driving while over the drink-driving limit.
A police officer has told an inquest about the "absolute carnage" at a nightclub where two people were killed in a crush of revellers.
A woman was raped by two men who abducted her and her child in a "very traumatic ordeal", police have said.
World champion Jimmy Carter says he is lucky to be alive after losing to world number one John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A bride-to-be who was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour has died, a charity has said.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Thursday, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 edging lower after European Central Bank (ECB) chief Mario Draghi said the bank was open to more stimulus measures.
A huge sinkhole has opened up on the outskirts of Sao Paulo, Brazil, in the run-up to the World Cup qualifier between Italy and Uruguay.
Cardiff City twice came from behind to earn a late draw against Brentford at Griffin Park.
A senior International Ski Federation official has apologised for comparing the International Olympic Committee's proposed ban on Russian athletes to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been questioned by Peruvian police after they were found naked at Machu Picchu in the Peruvian capital, Cusco.
Chinese authorities have confirmed that explosions in the northern port city of Tianjin on Friday were caused by the release of toxic chemicals, including cyanide, which can be deadly if inhaled.
The use of unqualified teachers in England's schools is jeopardising the educational progress of children, says a teachers' union.
A woman has been raped by a man who knocked her to the ground in Edinburgh Meadows.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not quit as Labour leader if he loses the party's leadership contest.
Europe's hunter-gatherers and farmers may have contributed to the spread of Indo-European languages to the region, a study suggests.
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic State militant group has said she is considering whether to change the shop's name.
Gordonstoun Academy has said it is "shocked and saddened" to hear of claims of historical abuse at the school.
Labour will commit to renationalising the railways if it wins the election, the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The mother of a schoolgirl who ran away to France with a teacher who groomed her has said she had "had enough" of media reports about her family.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the signing of French striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Paris St-Germain.
Food prices in China rose at their fastest rate in two months in June, according to the latest inflation data from the government.
Former Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the progress his Fortuna Sittard side are making in the Dutch second tier.
All pictures are copyrighted by BBC Scotland.
The fuselage of the last aircraft to be used in the Royal Air Force's C-130 Hercules transport plane has left its base to be moved to an RAF museum.
A mother and father from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
Thousands of ice balls have been forming on the coast of western Russia.
Guernsey FC have been given until Monday, 24 June to decide if they want to enter the FA Cup.
A film based on the life of Marvel Comics co-creator Stan Lee is in development, according to reports.
People in north Wales are being urged to take steps to keep themselves and their businesses safe from cyber attacks.
More than £500,000 has been raised for dogs that were rescued from a house fire in Greater Manchester.
At the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, South Korea, 45% of athletes were asked if they had taken banned drugs, according to research published by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Worcestershire batsman James Vince has been named in England's T20 squad for the World Cup qualifiers in March.
A Scottish singer who wrote a song about his great great grandfather, whose story inspired the song Dora, has found his ancestor's grave after a search for his grave.
The restored Flying Scotsman locomotive has been repainted in a new shade of green for the first time since its restoration work was completed.
Saracens back-row Nick Tompkins has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Premiership club.
The new villain in Avengers: Infinity War will be named Ultron, director Joss Whedon has revealed at Comic-Con in Los Angeles.
On the walls of Moco-Moco Secondary School, in the highlands of the western Rupununi Savannah, a painted mural of a bird-like bird chirruping in the wind is painted on the wall.
A snake that was thought to be one of the world's deadliest snakes has been put to sleep by the Scottish SPCA.
A British man who was jailed for possessing indecent images of children has admitted transporting child pornography and paying to have sex with a nine-year-old Mexican boy.
Wrestling fans in China may soon be able to watch one of the world's biggest sports stars on their TV sets.
At least eight people have died after being found in the back of a tractor-trailer at a Walmart store in San Antonio, Texas, police say.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head during an operation at a house in north Belfast has been awarded an MBE for his actions.
The maker of Irn Bru, Funkin, Rubicon and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in profits, but said the UK consumer environment remains "uncertain".
A teenager has been shot dead by police in the US town of Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
Madonna's been posting pictures of herself with a string around her head to promote her new album, Rebel Heart.
Will Grigg's injury-time equaliser earned Colchester a draw at Wigan in League One.
Charli X Factor winner Charli XChing has revealed that she's been working on songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.
Apple and Facebook have become the latest technology firms to offer their employees in the US to freeze their eggs as part of their new maternity and paternity leave policies.
Muhammad Ali would have taken apart the likes of Wladimir Klitschko and Tyson Fury if he had fought them, says former British middleweight champion Dave Shavers.
The Bank of England's interest rate-setters decided to hold the Bank rate steady at 0.5% at their latest meeting.
The 2016 World Series begins on Saturday night in Cleveland, Ohio, with the Cleveland Indians and the Chicago Cubs set to face each other in the best-of-seven series.
The Scottish government has set out its programme for government in the Queen's Speech, which sets out the government's priorities for Brexit and other issues.
The RSPCA's role as a prosecutor and a political campaigner in England and Wales is being "blurred", an MP has said.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) captured by Nasa astronauts on board the space station.
More than 1,000 swimmers, kayakers and rafters took to the sea in Tenby, Somerset, to mark the start of the town's Boxing Day celebrations.
HSBC, the world's biggest bank, has appointed the chief executive of Asian insurance giant AIA, Robert Tucker, as its new chairman.
The US will sustain the international effort to counter climate change, US envoy to the UN General Assembly John Pershing has said.
Two goals from Tom Routledge helped Swansea City to a 4-0 win over Charlotte Independence in the EFL Cup second round.
A man who woke up in the roof of a nightclub with his head stuck in the window has been freed by police.
The UK government has been given until 9 May to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution, after a High Court ruling that it must take action to protect public health.
The government has pledged £1m towards the construction of a memorial to police officers who have died in the line of duty.
Crusaders moved three points clear at the top of the Irish Premiership thanks to goals from Craig Whyte and James Forsythe against Linfield.
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train driver jobs.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" denying any wrongdoing after US prosecutors accused him of misusing funds from a state investment fund, 1MDB.
Mae'r rheithgor ysgol yn cael eu defnyddio gan fysiau, yn ôl digwyddiad.
More than 1,000 women in Germany are paying fake fathers to claim to be the fathers of their children in order to get asylum, according to reports.
Firms in the UK are set to face "tougher penalties and penalties" for data breaches, according to research from PwC.
The Turin Shroud, the Roman Catholic Church's most famous relic, has been opened to the public for the first time since 2010.
The health secretary has said he will make a decision on whether to introduce charges for people visiting the NHS from outside the UK.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out an underground test of an H-bomb, which it says is capable of carrying out nuclear attacks on the United States.
A jury in the trial of former County Antrim councillor William 'Billy' McCallister has been discharged after finding him not guilty of child sex offences.
The Scottish government has been accused of conducting a "shameful sham consultation" on the roll-out of the named person scheme.
Everton midfielder Jack Browning has joined League Two side Plymouth Argyle on loan until January 2017.
More than 1,000 Aberdeen schoolchildren have been asked to take part in a major study to find out more about the impact of genes on health.
David still remembers the last time he crossed the street in Aubervilliers in north-west Paris.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, with the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones and Nasdaq edging into positive territory for the year.
Daimler, the owner of Mercedes-Benz cars, has reported a 6% rise in sales for the three months to the end of June.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to violence in Syria and urged the Syrian government and its opponents to reach an understanding.
Nintendo has reported a net loss for the most recent quarter as it continues to struggle with weak Wii U and 3DS console sales.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places thanks to a late goal at Burton Albion.
Workmen who daubed the word "scrabble" on the side of a road in a village in Northamptonshire have been blamed by the council for the gaffe.
A Scottish aid worker who was beheaded in Pakistan was unlawfully killed, an inquest has been told.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Plans to build electricity pylons to connect two wind farms in Powys to a substation on Anglesey have been ruled lawful by the High Court in London.
China has set up its first internet court to allow people to resolve legal disputes via video-chat, state media said.
Shares in Samsung C&T, one of South Korea's biggest construction equipment makers, have fallen after shareholders approved a controversial merger with Cheil Industries.
Legal action is under way to stop Northamptonshire council selling a statue of a court official from ancient Egypt.
Yorkshire will begin their defence of the County Championship with a warm-up game against Middlesex at Edgbaston in March.
A "heavy gambler" accused of murdering a friend and dismembering his body in a suitcase in a bid to cover his gambling debts, a court has heard.
UKIP's Mark Reckless is set to be re-admitted to the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
The conviction of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny for embezzlement is the latest in a series of high-profile defeats for the Kremlin's opponents.
Rangers maintained their perfect start to the Scottish Championship season with a comfortable win at Queen of the South.
Uganda says it will withdraw all of its troops from South Sudan by 1 November.
Twenty air ambulance charities are to benefit from a £5m windfall from the Libor rigging scandal, the government has announced.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records in a race around the Isle of Wight.
Chris Sidwell says he wants to stay at Brighton & Hove Albion next season after helping the Seagulls win promotion to the Premier League.
A former health chief has called for a debate about how the NHS in Wales funds cancer drug funds after being unable to get treatment in the country.
Ben Disley's late goal secured Forest Green's place in the National League play-offs with a 1-0 win over Grimsby at Blundell Park.
An Austrian scientist is attempting to break the world record for the largest model of the structure of a crystal.
In a recent interview, Kenneth Starr, the man who led the investigation into former President Bill Clinton's affair with a White House intern, said that the former president should be a "stand-by-your-man" for his wife in the upcoming presidential election.
Belfast's transport minister, Jim Hazzard, has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city centre.
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together, not take sides.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed that the controversial elimination system introduced for qualifying at the Bahrain Grand Prix is not the way forward.
Shaun Perry reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship with a 6-4 win over England's Stuart Bingham.
The media in Russia and Ukraine have been contrasting their coverage of the conflict in the east of the country.
Worcestershire all-rounder Joe Leach and batsman Ed Barnard made centuries to help their side fight back against Leicestershire at New Road.
A campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of extremism has been launched in Glasgow following the murder of shopkeeper Mazher Shah.
Spotify, the world's most popular music streaming service, is adding more non-music content to its app.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "does not know how good he is", says Reds boss Jurgen Klopp after the keeper's error-strewn display in the draw at Arsenal.
The sight of David Cameron eating Pringles on a budget airline flight to Portugal has been captured on camera by a fellow passenger.
Veterans of the Falklands War have been voicing animated versions of their children's books about life in the Royal Navy during the conflict.
Britain's Olympic gold medallist Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured the points needed to secure her place at the Rio Games with victory at the European Indoor Championships.
Donald Trump, Jeremy Corbyn and Jose Mujica are all appealing to voters as authentic candidates for the US presidential election.
Southampton have completed the signing of winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended a call for the resignation of an assembly member who has been accused of being "appalling" to the party.
Australian investigators say they are still trying to determine what caused a plane crash in Victoria, Australia, which killed five people.
A former SS officer who was sentenced to life in prison for murdering three Dutch Jews in World War Two has been released from prison in the Netherlands.
The body of a Palestinian woman killed in a house firebombing in the occupied West Bank has been returned to her family, Palestinian officials say.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced his intention to step down.
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans to fund major purchases, such as buying a new car or home, than home improvements, a survey suggests.
Two men have been injured in an aggravated burglary at a house in Kirkcaldy, East Lothian.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
An MSP has called on Glasgow City Council, Police Scotland and the management of the Arches to "get round the table" to try to reverse the venue's decision to go into administration.
Lonmin has announced plans to sell shares at a "substantially" lower price as it seeks to shore up its debt-laden balance sheet.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who went missing in Poland has urged people to look out for him at coffee shops.
Plymouth Argyll have signed former Wales Under-20 international back-row back-rower Alex Davies on a one-year deal.
Work to improve safety at a Grade II-listed railway station is due to start on Wednesday.
Torquay United secured their place in the National League next season with a 2-0 victory over North Ferriby.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for the UK to hold another referendum if the result of the EU referendum is less than 75% in favour of remaining in the EU.
A man who murdered schoolgirl Paige Chivers has had his minimum sentence for her murder reduced by the Court of Appeal.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge against the mayor of a London borough over claims he broke electoral law in the run-up to the 2014 mayoral election.
A prize to celebrate the work of children's author Roald Dahl is to be revived, it has been announced.
Somali security forces have shot dead the youngest minister in the country's cabinet in a "friendly fire" incident, officials say.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping the Terriers win promotion to the Premier League.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park in the early hours of Christmas Day has been opened and adjourned.
All photographs courtesy of AFP, EPA and Reuters
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism, police have said.
The Canadian government has launched an inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women and girls.
A Kuwaiti man held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre has been released, his lawyer says.
NHS patients in England who have had breast implant surgery are to be asked to enter their details into a new national register to help track down those who may have been given faulty implants.
A self-driving robot has crashed into a building in San Francisco, California, in what appears to have been an accident.
Police are appealing for information after a teenage girl was raped in Bath.
If you want to be a video game maker, you need to start making games today.
Spain's Gorka Izagirre won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Belgium's Bob Jungels retained the overall lead.
Tourists from around the world are flocking to the UK, lured by its beaches, historic towns and cities, and by the low cost of the pound.
The Irish foreign minister has said the government is working with the Egyptian government to help secure the release of an Irishman who is serving a life sentence for terrorism charges.
A florist has been targeted by scammers posing as TalkTalk staff to trick customers into thinking they were receiving a call from the telecoms firm.
An MP is to introduce a bill to stop lawyers cross-examining alleged rape victims in court after the Ched Evans case.
Rangers assistant first-team coach Kevin Durrant has left his role at Ibrox.
Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the Women's FA Cup.
Truro City head coach Chris Churcher has praised his side's front row after they continued their impressive form with a win at Chinnor.
I am so proud to have been named as the manager of the Women's Australian Football League champions, Melbourne City.
The UK Independence Party has confirmed that one of its leading candidates to replace Paul Nuttall as its next leader will be allowed to stand for election.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the British team for the Aegon Championships in Nottingham.
A van Gogh expert has claimed a painting on display in Reading city centre is not a genuine work by the artist.
An exhibition celebrating the life and times of Britain's exotic animals has opened at Windsor Castle.
Europe's mission to Mars in 2018 has been pushed back to 2020, the European Space Agency has announced.
Katie O'Donovan says she's been overwhelmed by the support she's received from people who've taken to social media to wish her well as she prepares to run the London Marathon.
Yorkshire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup semi-finals were ended as they were beaten by Surrey at Lord's, despite a fine innings from England batsman Ben Davies.
Security has been stepped up at Paris's Champs Elysees railway station after a major operation by French police, officials say.
Scientists in Japan have used 3D fluorescence technology to reveal the locations of cancerous tissue that has spread around the body.
At least 10,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai after heavy monsoon rains, officials say.
In the wake of Donald Trump's surprise victory in the US presidential primary, it's easy to forget that the contest for the Democratic presidential nomination is not over.
At least 12 people have been killed in a bomb explosion in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Monguno, where vigilantes were celebrating the killing of Boko Haram militants, officials say.
Parliament is coming to an end, with the last-ditch attempts to pass new laws before the snap general election on 8 May.
A new building in Seoul has been criticised for its "9/11" resemblance to the twin towers that collapsed in New York after the 9/11 attacks.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a roller-coaster ride.
Microsoft and Google have teamed up with Spanish telecoms firm Telefonica to build a subsea cable to connect their data centres across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen's granddaughter, Princess Anne, has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham despite missing the Christmas Day service.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he hopes to visit his son in Russia to learn more about his son's situation.
US researchers have successfully implanted a device that uses electromagnetic waves to control a rabbit's heart rate.
Huddersfield Giants full-back Ryan Sneyd has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the Super League side.
Three people have been injured in a crash on the M74(M) near Johnstonebridge in Aberdeenshire following a freak hailstorm.
Cuban state media has condemned US President Donald Trump's decision to tighten trade and travel restrictions with the communist-run island.
An outbreak of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot is the largest in Wales since 2010, Public Health Wales has said.
More than 60 people are now known to have died in a plane crash in Taiwan, officials say.
Two new species of magnolia trees have been discovered in Mexico after being captured on camera by a UK-based nature photographer.
Carers who work with children in nurseries and primary schools in Wales are to be given more recognition for their work.
An astronaut has played bagpipes on the International Space Station in tribute to a scientist who died during his training.
Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment", says manager Roberto Mancini, despite the striker only starting one of the club's four league games this season.
Midfielder Maddie Walsh scored the winner as Manchester City took control of their Continental Cup quarter-final against Brondby with a 1-0 win in the first leg.
A couple from Falkirk have become Scotland's biggest lottery winner after scooping a £56m prize in the Euromillions draw.
Thirty-one people have been killed and many more injured in attacks in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
A former Soviet military officer has appeared in a US court on charges of directing insurgents who attacked US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Council has backed a plan to convert the city's derelict Perth Concert Hall into a food market.
Northern Ireland manager Michael Macphee says he is proud of his country's achievement in qualifying for Euro 2016 but is disappointed Scotland will not be able to watch next summer's finals.
A scheme to vaccinate badgers in areas of England where they are at risk of contracting bovine TB has been launched by the government.
Urinary catheters should be improved to reduce the risk of infection, according to a leading urology expert.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been left out of Nigeria's 23-man squad for Sunday's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Zambia in Abuja.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez, saying it was "irresponsible" to use their names in the products.
A Warwickshire councillor suspended over a racist tweet has resigned from the bench.
Cardiff University has been urged to address "specific and overarching issues" in a report into an incident of offensive stereotyping of African students.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the largest Nazi concentration camps in Europe, as part of a trip to commemorate the Holocaust.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital following a crash in Conwy county.
Formula 1 bosses have responded to the growing discontent among fans and drivers with a raft of technical changes to the cars and engines for 2017.
A County Londonderry shopkeeper has said he is going to be closed for a while after a car was stolen from the premises.
A murder inquiry has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in West Lothian.
The ejector seats on the jet involved in the Shoreham air crash were not updated after it was retired from military service, investigators have said.
In the aftermath of the world yoga championships in the Indian capital, Delhi, there were plenty of people who took to social media to express their delight.
A new exhibition has been set up in Liverpool to celebrate the city's rich history of children's childhoods.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £1.5m from the government to help fund "groundbreaking" cancer research in the city.
Scotland's Jason Hawkins narrowly lost out to Kenya's Conseslus Kibet Korir in the men's race at the World Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
A derelict Victorian mansion house in Cheshire has been severely damaged in a suspected arson attack.
Wolves midfielder Jonjo Bodvarsson says Paul Lambert's arrival as head coach has brought a "clear message" to his players about the importance of their work ethic.
A civic trust has called for a "strategic vision" for the future protection of heritage in Belfast following the demolition of a derelict factory in Foyle, County Armagh.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a bid to steal his belongings.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits as it continues to deal with the impact of the switch over to a new gaming system.
A reunion is being held to mark 20 years since Ipswich Airport closed to make way for the Ravenswood housing estate.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing vessel crashed into a wind turbine.
Staff at Disraeli's ancestral home have returned a stuffed lion to a boy who had lost it when it went missing on Easter Monday.
The idea that World War One soldiers spent most of their time fighting in trenches is "simply not true", research suggests.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called on political leaders to campaign in sign language.
UK scientists are attempting to map out how the developing human brain is wired up during the final three months of pregnancy.
Wayne Rooney will remain an important part of England's future plans despite missing out on a place in the Euro 2016 squad, says former captain Frank Lampard.
A man has said he is "very lucky" to be alive after his car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
David Cameron's trip to Germany is likely to be a chance for European leaders to get to know him a little better.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found stabbed to death in a street have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Bolivia's vice-president has signed into law a new law that allows 12-year-olds to work in the private sector.
Demolition of a former hospital in Conwy county has been delayed because of seagulls nesting on the roof.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 higher after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates steady.
Jayne-Anne Gadhia, the former head of Virgin Money, has been appointed to lead a review of student support funding in Scotland.
SeaWorld in San Diego, California, has been given the go-ahead to expand its orca show.
A late winner from Glenn Murray, a stoppage-time winner from George Evans and a goal from Bury midfielder Wes Brown were among the highlights of Saturday's action in the English Football League.
Worcestershire have released all three of their senior players, including James Milnes, Ben Lewis and Jack McKay.
The surge in the number of people trying to buy a home in the UK appears to be "exhausted itself", according to surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the Senedd has said he is "confident" a row over a tweet by one of his colleagues will not be repeated.
A British soldier killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter says it wants to make it easier for you to see what you've missed while you're not using the app.
It was a night that will go down in the history books as one of the greatest comebacks in Anfield's history.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to be chosen to sing the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre after one punter bet £15,000 on the band.
Northern Ireland's environment minister Michelle O'Donovan has said she will take legal action against Northern Ireland's planning commissioner.
The Port of Southampton has bought two large industrial estates in the city.
Russian Olympic champion Yuliya Chernova should be banned for the whole of her two-year doping ban, says former IAAF technical director Michele Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit girls to become choristers in its choir.
Great Britain's women's hockey team lost 3-2 to North Korea in overtime in their final Group A game at the World Championships in Pyeongchang.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew, it is easy to forget that you are in Haiti.
Travel firm Skyscanner has reported strong growth in revenues and visitors to its website, helped by a rise in the number of people using its mobile app.
One of the UK's last remaining black cab manufacturers has opened its doors to the public for the first time since going into administration in 2012.
A man has been arrested in connection with the shooting and stabbing of two teenagers in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why the United Nations is so important to Africa.
The value of the pound fell sharply against the dollar on Wednesday as investors reacted to news that the UK was set to vote to leave the EU.
A whisky distillery in Dumfries and Galloway has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
CBBC is to launch a new version of BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show.
More than 10,000 people die every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will continue to be the "dominant force" in men's tennis after becoming world number one, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins won his first ranking title of the season with a 10-6 victory over England's Stuart Bingham in the China Open final.
More than 80% of schoolchildren in the UK are sleep deprived, according to a study.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted by US Park Police on horseback on his first day in the job.
Charlton Athletic have said they are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse by a scout in the early 1980s.
Plans to build up to 1,000 new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been recommended for approval by councillors.
Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse and Newcastle defender Jonny Evans could face a three-game bans for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy who died after being injured at a house party in south-west London has been named by police.
Midfielder Tyler Hoilett says his move to Cardiff City was a "no-brainer" after being backed by manager Neil Warnock.
ScotRail has denied claims by the RMT union that the company which runs Scotland's trains is profiting from the country's railways.
Former Ireland captain Heather Shillington has announced her retirement from women's international cricket after the Republic of Ireland's defeat by South Africa in their final warm-up game.
Referee Mike Dean has been accused of being "disgraceful" by former Manchester United captain Gary Neville and former West Ham boss Tony Cascarino.
More than 70% of cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales last year were for "no evidence", figures show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are facing "unacceptable" financial problems, the Welsh Government has said.
South African artistic gymnast Robbie MacKenzie says he feels more "South African than British" after returning home to train under the British flag.
A woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the chest.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday after strong jobs figures indicated that consumer spending is unlikely to diminish.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was involved in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new contract with the club.
Parts of the UK could be set to be hit by hot and humid weather later this week.
A minimum price for alcohol in England and Wales is the most cost-effective way to reduce inequalities in alcohol harm, according to a report by Public Health England.
US comedian and host of The Daily Show, Jon Stewart, has said goodbye to the show on US TV network Comedy Central.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of the payments due to farmers and crofters by the EU subsidy deadline, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than 30 teachers in Wales have been banned from teaching after being found guilty of abusing their position to groom children, according to new figures.
Nintendo has defended its new Switch games console after thousands of customers reported seeing dead pixels on the screen.
Carl Frampton will face Leo Santa Cruz for the first time on Saturday when the Northern Ireland boxer defends his WBA world featherweight title against the American.
More than 23,000 drivers have been fined for using bus lanes in Preston city centre over the festive period.
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine made an unbeaten 109 as Somerset's bowlers dominated the first day of the County Championship game at Taunton.
Photographer and filmmaker Celine Stella's latest project is a series of portraits of neon signs in Saudi Arabia, inspired by the country's love for artificial light.
More than 5% of people accessing Google every day have been tricked into installing malicious web browser add-ons, research suggests.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has no desire to lead the campaign for the country to become a republic.
Newcastle midfielder Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goals for the club as they beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
For every Olympian who makes the transition from amateur to professional, there is a road to the professional ranks.
In the run-up to the general election, we have been looking at the key battlegrounds, the places where the Conservatives and Labour are most likely to win.
A film celebrating the life of a Tibetan Buddhist leader murdered in China has been premiered in Scotland.
An extra £1bn is to be spent on social care services in England, the chancellor has announced in the Budget.
A teenager accused of killing a mother-of-three by crashing his bike into her in front of her after she had stopped dead in his path posted a comment on an online forum about the crash, a court has heard.
There is "no compelling evidence" that a fire which killed two people in a flat fire started in a tumble dryer, an inquest has been told.
The US Navy has banned its personnel in Japan from drinking alcohol after an officer was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving on the Pacific island of Okinawa.
The Conservatives have won their first Commons majority since John Bercow was re-elected as Speaker of the House of Commons.
YouTube has changed the maximum view limit for Gangnam Style by South Korean rapper Psy after the video became the most-watched video of all time.
Widnes Vikings moved to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC with a hard-fought win over Castleford Tigers.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine with DNA from three people - her mother, her partner and his wife.
A hospital trust in Cumbria has been put into special measures after inspectors said it was failing to improve the quality of care.
Gaz O'Brien's last-gasp drop-goal gave Salford Red Devils victory over Hull KR to secure their place in the Million Pound Game.
Chilla Chilla was worried about getting a good grade in her final exam at Kharisma Bangsa school in Indonesia.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found injured in a street in Dublin city centre.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One after losing to Championship rivals Nottingham Forest and Birmingham City.
More than half of children in England who eat school lunches have eaten vegetables they would not normally eat at home, a survey suggests.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former ship's captain has been fined for being over the drink-driving limit while on duty as a professional master of a ship in Belfast harbour.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens has been nominated to be the next managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
BBC News looks back at key events in the UK's diplomatic relations with Iran in the run-up to Christmas Day.
Cambridge maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a goalless draw against promotion-chasing Stevenage.
Hollywood actor Warwick Davis, who plays Wicket Wicket in the Star Wars films, has said his touring caravan has been stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to address an audience at a dinner in Edinburgh later this month, it has been announced.
Belgium's ban on the wearing of the face veil in public was "justifiable in principle", the European Court of Human Rights has ruled.
A Celtic fan accused of displaying an offensive banner at the Scottish Cup semi-final with Rangers has been granted bail.
CCTV footage has emerged which appears to appear to show a supermarket worker hitting a shoplifter in the head with a bacon sandwich.
At a house in the Bolivian capital, La Paz, the city where she grew up, Cinthya Cappa discovered a mysterious object in the back of her mother's car.
The Federal Reserve's decision not to raise interest rates on Wednesday is not the first time the Fed has said it would be prepared to do so, but it is the first since December.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has been backed to stand down as the island's parliamentary candidate in the general election.
Have you ever wondered what you do if you want to be a WWE Superstar?
Popular mobile game Flappy Bird, which required players to "flip" a bird in the air to score points, has been pulled from online stores.
Dozens of people have taken to the seafront in Brighton to protest against the migrant boat crisis in Europe.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train people to help with entertaining the Queen and other members of the Royal Family.
Britain's Andy Murray bounced back from his French Open quarter-final defeat by Benoit Paire with a straight-set win over Milos Raonic at Roland Garros.
Forensic evidence has suggested South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was on his stumps when he smashed through a toilet door with a cricket bat.
During World War Two it was very difficult for people living in the UK to escape the horrors of war.
