 One side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
 Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holy city. able-bodied Muslims are required to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
 The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
 His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
 The trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
 He died six weeks later on January 13th, 888.
 They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
 Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
 Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo (a tiny drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
 The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
 Alessandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
 It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
 Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in anthropology.
 The BZ<unk> differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party. It is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal.
 Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century. European settlement was the reason.
 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
 Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
 Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
 Today NRC is a private foundation.
 It is at the coast of the Baltic Sea. It encloses the city of Stralsund.
 He was also named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
 Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
 King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday all Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
 Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
 Tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
 John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union on October 14, 1960.
 She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series. It aired on the Public Broadcasting Service.
 Perry Saturn (with Terri) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship (8:10).
 She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
 Despina was found in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
 The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
 He also completed two collections of short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
 Ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus at the Voyager 2 images.
 The British decided to kill him and take the land by force.
 Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
 Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays. They have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
 The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
 Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop Drek.
 It is not a true louse.
 He advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
 It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
 Working Group I: Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
 The island chain forms part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
 Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
 Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations. They are overseen by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
 By early on September 30, wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began.
 Each entry has a datum (a nugget of data) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
 Many mosques will not enforce violations, but both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque.
 Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques. It was published in 1991.
 Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
 Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
 Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
 This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign. It was printed many times.
 The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion. It was billed as the world's first MMA league.
 Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
 Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War.
 This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. It was later sometimes called "Prussia proper".
 After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
 The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew, namely - and the Gospel of Luke, specifically -.
 Weelkes was later in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
 The 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
 It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979.
 Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show. It was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
 On June 16, 2009, the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
 He is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club.
 The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to theologian Hippolytus, says the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia is the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
 In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and took to defend the northern region of France against the invasions of other Viking groups.
 It is derived from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
 Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones. It was presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
 It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
 Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
 It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
 This leads to confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referenced as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
 The incident has been the subject of many reports on ethics in scholarship.
 They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
 Seventh sons have strong "knacks" (specific magical abilities), and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
 PassMark Software's Benchmarking shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
 Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
 Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. This was where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but has notable differences.
 The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. It lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which stick to it.
 The same tram had derailed on May 30, 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
 There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
 Take the square root of the variance.
 Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
 Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in Pays-de-la-Loire, northwestern France.
 If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
 It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
 Bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
 No one can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
 George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
 Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
 They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
 Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
 Tickets can be sold for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and on Oyster card.
 These works were produced and published by him, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
 The historical method includes the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
 The weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
 As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
 Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not interested in doing so.
 Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid. It is used as a pharmaceutical.
 It will then dislodge itself and return to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
 Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
 Today, Landis' father is a hearty supporter of his son and believes himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
 Shortly after becoming Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
 The wage is the price for a certain type of labor.
 Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure (1911), under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
 He settled in London. He devoted most of his time to practical teaching.
 Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
 He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church in 1438. Then its history merges first with that of the States of the Church, then (1860) with the united Kingdom of Italy.
 The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation that didn't have convection. It dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
 The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
 The band has a current lineup of vocals, guitar, bass, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
 Advocacy Countries with a minor Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
 The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
 Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He quit before the band ever released a studio album.
 In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State. He was defeated.
 Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes in 1990. The difference was a single first-place vote.
 Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law. He inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
 The female equivalent is a daughter.
 He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
 Before the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
 The form of chess played is speed chess. Each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
 The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
 The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
 Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
 Because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
 The wave traveled across the Atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
 The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year.
 The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke and Gospel of John. They probably were written between AD 65 and 100.
 Since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
 The upper half also looks like the coat of arms of Oberbarnim.
 Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
 Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
 Stable releases are rare. However, there are often Subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
 In 1482 the Order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny ’.
 In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
 He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
 This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
 Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
 The male "den master" will allow a second male into the den. The reason for this is unclear.
 A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
 Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
 He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946. He also served from 1946 and 1948.
 She was left behind when the rest of the Nicole<unk>os were moved to the mainland.
 James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
 Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award. He initially indicated that he may not accept it.
 Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown around it as ends in themselves. Even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
 Dry air covering the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
 Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
 Eva Anna Paula Braun was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
 Each version of the License is given a different version number.
 Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account. However, a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
 He also received a mechanics certificate. He became the youngest certified airplane mechanic in New York.
 SummerSlam (2009) is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
 He is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
 Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or far more quickly with chromatophores in their integument (the cephalopod family).
 Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10). Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
 This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
 He came from a musical family. His mother was an administrative assistant and singer. His father was a band director at Yale.
 Mennonites are the largest in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the population of those countries.
 Naas is a major "Dublin Suburb" town. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
 Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin. The spikes protrude from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
 Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890. It was in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
 Unlikely, bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
 In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital.
 You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.
 He is interred in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
 Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow inside of bones.
 Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
 Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France. It is in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
 MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb. He is later distracted by something (usually involving his personal life) that makes him run out of time.
 This was completed when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod took the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
 Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their most holy cities.
 The PAD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat. They accused the PAD of being proxies for Thaksin.
 Travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle (usually a four wheel drive).
 While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
 He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave.
 Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
 This was absorbed into battalions being formed for XI International Brigade.
 The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines. Shorter trains are run.
 It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe, and the eleventh largest in the world.
 Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel in December, 1967.
 Some articles are very long and rich in content. Others are shorter (possibly stubs) and of lesser quality.
 About 95 species are accepted.
 Eugowra is said to be named after the Aboriginal Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
 "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often heard in English.
 Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
 He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha. These included The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
 The capital of the state is Aracaju (pop).
 Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
 Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
 The lawyer, Brandon (Waise Lee), became his idol. MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
 ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
 Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
 Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
 Before the pocket calculator, it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering.
 The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
 Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
 Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
 Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries (see below), but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
 The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
 The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
 In 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. Stern's frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio were cited.
 The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
 Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind".
 He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
 The plant is considered a living fossil.
 In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
 Stravinsky first wrote the ballet in 1913.
 Protests across the nation were suppressed.
 Offenbach's many operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
 Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
 Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
 Most people think the instrument was almost impossible to control.
 Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest church in Assisi.
 Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
 Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
 He was appointed Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988.
 Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
 A matchbook is a small cardboard box (matchcover) enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
 She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
 She vowed to never renounce the Commune, and vowed to kill the judges.
 Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series. It follows Graystripe, between the time that he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
 Samovar & Porter (1994), p. 84 Syrians did not gather in urban enclaves. Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
 He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
 She had collapsed lungs twice during childhood, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
 Dr. David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
 The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team. They are based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
 Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors.
 The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
 The wounds inflicted by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
 The county's administration was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
 No skater has yet achieved a quadruple Axel in competition.
 From the telephone exchange, the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
 Even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
 It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
 Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
 Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
 The crosier symbolises the monastery of the region.
 Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
 Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
 Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial. He claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
 Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
 Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
 Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000. It was owned by Bomis, Inc.
 Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key schedule.
 Iain Grieve is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
 Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
 The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
 The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location.
 West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
 The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
 New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
 The polymer is most often epoxy. Other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
 The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
 At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
 Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s. The ground began to be modernised.
 A town may be a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
 A bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
 Events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
 Others believe Tresca was removed by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
 This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
 Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
 Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
 Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
 A constituent is a person who lives in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician. Sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
 Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz. He is a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
 Stallone also had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
 Instead, the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
 The conference papers were published the next year in a bookMicroeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
 The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3. It is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
 Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano piece.
 These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
 A historian has stated that "it was quinine's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa".
 Spectroscopy studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates. This indicates a stony surface composition.
 She became the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
 Mercury is similar to the Moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
 The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
 These are ideal habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
 After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors who descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
 The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house.
 Rowling likes this scene because it shows Harry's bravery. By retrieving Cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
 On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
 Together they formed New Music Manchester. It is a group committed to contemporary music.
 The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
 It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
 The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
 In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump in national competition.
 Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
 Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
 Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean. It is approximately 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
 These PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
 Ben was arrested on orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger in April 1862. He was in the company of Frank Gardiner.
 Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
 Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
 In relation to the parties' respective strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: Free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP): 2 members, Social Democratic Party (SP): 2 members, and Swiss People's Party (SVP): 1 member.
 A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
 Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
 In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway. However, Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
 The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
 In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. By this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists.
 The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. It is sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
 The Britannica was mainly a Scottish enterprise. It was symbolised by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
 The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended south as Jose intensified. It was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
 In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune claimed that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
 The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles. It can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
 That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
 He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
 Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They ordered them to surrender.
 Before the second game got started, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to Veeck's usual promotional standard.
 Joss Whedon said that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
 A mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
 Civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
 Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
 His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
 Waugh writes that Charles had been "in search of love in those days" when he first met Sebastian. He found "that low door in the wall..." which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden."
 Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
 The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
 The term "protein" itself was coined by Berzelius. Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of (very large) molecule.
 After the Jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months avoiding capture.
 Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
 Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
 In 1963 an extension was added. It curves north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street. It turned west to end at St. George and Bloor Streets.
 Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
 It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
 People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
 As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it had a wide and varied landscape.
 Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site. It was mentioned on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
 Anyone may register a pedigree with the college. They are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
 The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985. It had limited classroom adoption.
 He toured with the IPO in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union. He also toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
 Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm. He repelled Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
 It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria. It is a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
 Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
 Meteora earned the band many awards and honors.
 After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
 Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 In the 5th century Slavs moved into the area.
 From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
 Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
 Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It is formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
 Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
 Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
 The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
 Gimnasia hired first famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni. Both had limited success.
 Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
 She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
 On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
 Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994. Later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now called "Mario's friend".
 The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
 His real date of birth was never recorded. It is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
 This quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance (inhibitor) is needed to inhibit a given biological process (or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism) by half.
 Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
 He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann (e) Power.
 Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He criticized the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
 The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
 Gable also earned an Academy Award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
