One side of the armed conflicts is made up of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group. They are recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca. Mecca is Islam's holiest city. All able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east. He pulled on the cord with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers. They play the sogo (a tiny drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements. They are the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian -French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro ("Sandro") Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party. The latter is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
In 1987 Wexler was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport. It is believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday. So on his birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
Both names became defunct in 2007. They were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore copied many styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, President John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series. It aired on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship (8:10). Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927. She and her husband returned to France.
In late July, 1989, the Voyager 2 probe found Despina.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories. They are The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears as an elongated object. The major axis is pointed towards Uranus.
The British decided to kill him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australia time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays. They have been then used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark. This is in an effort to stop Drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebride by the stormy waters of the Minch.
On July 12, 2008, Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center. It is a branch of the IAU.
By early on September 30, wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum. It is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
Although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques. It was published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born 10 July, 1988) is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports. Three of them come from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. Many quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion. It was billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine. It causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions. Examples of this are the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River. It is sometimes called "Prussia proper".
After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew.
Weelkes was later in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
The 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979. It was orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show. It was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, says the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to defend the northern region of France against incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Disney got a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones. They were presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referred to as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" (specific magical abilities), and seventh sons are both rare and powerful.
Benchmarking by PassMark Software shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
The sensations of itch and pain have not been thought to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This lubricates movement in and out of the snout. It helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
The same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is the difference between the two.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department. It is located in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. This changes it into an ordinary town road. The bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are better than biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an indispensable ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and on Oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself. His larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is the process by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound. It is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then move back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
Today, Landis'father has become a hearty supporter of his son. He regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure (1911). They used the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London. He devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to take over the region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church. It became part of the legation of Perugia. Then, in 1860, it joined the united Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection. It dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency. It existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Advocacy: Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim -majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bass player of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State. He was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by two votes. The difference was a single first place vote.
Shade set the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law. He starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess. Each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner tends to be unaware, these computers are compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic. It became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, and Gospel of Luke. They were probably written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture making industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are made of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they become adults.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often Subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482 the Order sent him to Florence. It was the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The male "den master" will also allow a second male into the den. The reason for this is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946  and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I made him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award. He initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves. Even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Hitler (6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945) was the long-time companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the License is given a different version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he got a mechanics certificate. He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam is an event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually shown as being bald, with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals have chromatic response. They change color in changing environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or far more rapidly (the cephalopod family).
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10). Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest population of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. However, Mennonite communities can also be found in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the people of those countries.
Naas is a major "Dublin Suburb" town. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour was made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin. They had spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origins: Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890. This was in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission, and consolidation bills, start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his release in 1474, Vlad began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia. He lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text. You may add up to 25 words to the end of the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.
He is interred in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow inside of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France. It is in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something that makes him run out of time.
This was done when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat. The PAD accused them of acting as proxies for the former prime minister.
However travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, needs advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines. Also, shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772. This makes it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December, 1967, Ten Boom was named one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are long and rich in content. Others are shorter and of lesser quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
"Undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often-heard terms in English.
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with several other pieces about Hiawatha. These included: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hianja, and Hianza's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
The lawyer, Brandon (Waise Lee), became his idol. MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township. It is located near Cowra, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.35 to 9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product. It is made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame. This is more than any other current position. However, only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Different views on the subject have been presented throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. He cited Stern's frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's".  The Tim Hortons IPO was confirmed by March 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's many operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La belle Hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
By most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore (St. Mary the Greater) is the earliest church in Assisi.
Characteristics: Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal. It covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder. It has a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the Commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy: There is a three volume original English-language manga series. It follows the period between the time he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis. Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood she had collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable. This is important for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team. They are based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was first assigned to the wood-boring species. This included the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds inflicted by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet achieved a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is defined by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said plans were made to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided.
Members of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000. It was under the ownership of Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
Key features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve (born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands. It was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration. It was separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli. It was made in the late 1470s or early 1480s.
New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website. These have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy. He lived in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s. The ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
A bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
Events Europe: July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
Others have said that Tresca was killed by the NKVD as retribution for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This made both Montenegro and Serbia independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately said that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a person who lives in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician. Sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is also a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3. Stallone was a passenger.
Instead, the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft". They shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year. They were in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
A historian has stated that "it was quinine's efficacy that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa".
Also, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates. This suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the Moon. It is heavily cratered with areas of smooth plains. It has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors. They came from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery. By retrieving Cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
Together they formed New Music Manchester. It is a group committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi. It has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean. It is approximately 300 km (186 miles ) east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5. It caused localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB. The user's configuration and data can be saved if desired.
In approximate relation to the parties' strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: Free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP):2 members, Social Democratic Party  (SP): 2 member, and Swiss People's (SVP): 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services. It is also called the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
In other news, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. By this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities. It remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Sometimes, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise. Its thistle logo is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified. It was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with information later provided by intertitles. It can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They ordered them to surrender.
Before the second game got started, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to Veeck's usual standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done." Fray is coming back.
A mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy creates the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder. It is sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh wrote that Charles had been "in search of love in those days." He first met Sebastian when he first saw the low door in the wall. It opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden. This is a metaphor that informs the work on many levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important part of her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures. They are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the word "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and might be composed of a single type of (very large) molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months. They were trying to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added. It went from Union station to below University Avenue and Queen's Park. It then went west to St. George and Bloor Street.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail. It led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape. It went from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site. It also mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college. They are checked internally and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985. It had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990. They performed their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with them again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Napoleon and the Grand Army of Austria captured him at Ulm. They took over 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria. It is a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These languages are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora earned awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century Slavs moved into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
Name Arzash kun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It was formed from a proper name Arazash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, which was applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired first Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni. Both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She appeared in several music videos. These included "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde got its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is remarkably elastic. It stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never recorded. It is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure tells how much of a particular drug or other substance (inhibitor) is needed to inhibit a given biological process (or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism).
Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bern Oberland region of the canton of Bern, they are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter. She was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He lamented that not many people knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable got an Academy Award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
