 Sudanese military has been a major force in the conflict.
 Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city
 neptune is a planet in the solar system
 He also wrote a novel, The Last of the Mohicans, which follows
 he was a tarantula
 he was buried in the church of the st. john
 The Papua New Guineans are a group of people who live in the
 Colin Mears Award
 The dancers are usually accompanied by a percussionist, who is usually 
 Cassini orbiter
 he played for sampdoria
 but it was later found that the debris was actually a mixture of lava and lava
 he was a member of the scottish nationalist party
 The BZ<unk> is a political party in the German Bundestag.
 asian tiger
 johnny cash
 dextromethorphan
 It is the most selective university in the world.
 The NRC is a non-governmental organisation (NGO) that is independent and private
 It is a peninsula, which is surrounded by the Baltic Sea.
 john mccartney
 It is a variation of tennis.
 king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand
 The National Museum of Scotland
 Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida
 st louis
 She also performed for President George W. Bush in the 1990s.
 The match was a rematch of the first match of the year.
 elizabeth iii of england
 saturn
 1921 gp
 He also wrote a collection of poems entitled The Ribbajack & Other Cur
 The elongated object is a globular cluster, a globular
 The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
 Western Australian time
 mosaics and inlays
 The city of Palos Verdes is located on the Pacific Ocean, east of San Diego,
 Clank
 a slug
 He is a member of the International Association of Interaction Designers (IAD) and
 It's theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator
 Working Group I
 scotland
 Orton was born in the United States on July 12, 1927.
 minor planets
 The storm was expected to last until the end of the week.
 The data is stored in a database.
 Muslim women are not allowed to wear a headscarf or a hijab.
 Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
 Ryan Prosser (born 10 July 1988) is a professional rugby union player for
 The report also includes a report on the progress of the implementation of the CAP.
 Pierre Joliot
 victoria s stamps
 The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's
 Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasit
 Cameron "Buck" Williams
 The Vistula region was a part of the German Empire, and was a part
 He was also a member of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
 Luke, the Gospel of Matthew, and the Gospel of Luke, specifically
 he was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking
 'It's a great show,' she said.
 neptune
 It was broadcast on Radio Espa<unk>ol Mundo (RJM) from April 1,
 The album was released on 16 June 2009.
 He is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club.
 Alleluia is a psalm of praise and praises to God.
 rollo swore fealty to charles
 It is derived from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
 Shirley Temple was a child actress who appeared in more than 100 films.
 asteroid nebula
 It covers an area of, and has a population of.
 <unk>eské sváci
 The number of bytes in a megabyte is the same as the number of bytes
 The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship.
 piglets
 seventh sons of seventh sons
 The 2009 version of PassMark is available for download from the PassMark website.
 It is the seat of the Volterra Province.
 itch is a cutaneous sensation
 snout
 The tram was re-routed to the same track on the same day.
 ipswich town fc
 1
 The crowd was able to get a good view of the game, and the crowd was
 Vouvray-sur-Huisne is part of the commune of Sarthe
 a bypass
 The town is also a popular destination for people wanting to explore the surrounding area.
 how to treat a bruise
 Wikipedia is not responsible for the content of external web pages.
 George Frideric Handel was the Kapellmeister for George I of Great Britain
 The owls are unable to see clearly.
 cellulose
 olive oil
 The ticket office is located on the ground floor of the building.
 'The Count of Monte Cassino', 'The Count of Monte
 The historical method is a method of writing history.
 Lake Vostok is a lake in the Russian Far East.
 The population density was 1,228 people per square mile (610/km2).
 aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the state of being 
 It is used to treat breast cancer.
 a swan
 Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust
 Floyd Landis' father, John Landis, has become a hearty supporter of
 sand
 The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
 Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont
 john bristow
 Brunstad is a popular place to eat in Copenhagen.
 he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquer
 Trevi
 a tropical depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of con
 The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that
 Flynn has also been a member of the band The X Factor, and
 Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East are more likely than Muslim-major
 They are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
 Johan is also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but
 he was a democrat
 mark messier
 The novel is a satire of the American colonial past, and the 
 a daughter
 john mcdonald
 The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
 chess is played
 The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its
 The coup was a coup against the government of President Park Geun-hye.
 The storm was centered in the Mid-Atlantic region.
 a computer that is not a user
 The storm was named after the French explorer Jean-Baptiste de Coubertin
 The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
 Gospel of Matthew
 Eschelbronn is also known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
 The upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim
 cirrus clouds
 They are not allowed to vote.
 Subversion snapshots are often released as stable releases.
 st augustine
 St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908)
 He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantar
 The atoms of the atoms of the atoms of the atoms
 Cogeneration is a type of renewable energy technology that uses heat to generate electricity.
 a second male
 Wikipedia gadgets are available for free on the Wikimedia Foundation's website.
 The following links will help you to get involved in the project.
 egyptian prime minister
 The Nicole<unk>os were a group of indigenous peoples from the island of Gua
 john mcdonald
 Chauvin was a very shy person.
 Esperanto speakers
 The cyclone was expected to strengthen to a Category 1 hurricane by late on September 13.
 Calvin Baker (born January 1, 1931) is an American novelist.
 Eva Anna Paula Hitler (née Braun) was the longtime companion and, for a
 Version number
 irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have
 he was also a mechanics certificated airplane mechanic in new york
 SummerSlam (2009) is the tenth SummerSlam event.
 samuel
 ermine
 Rikishi pinned Venis with a TV camera.
 The UNIX philosophy is that each program is doing one thing well and working together over universal
 Brion was a member of the band The Band, which toured with the band in
 Mennonites are a group of people who are Christians.
 Naas is also home to the largest Irish language community in the world, with over 
 acanthoholis
 origin irmo is a savannah based company
 law commission bills
 budapest
 You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text
 He is interred in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
 bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
 blue sky
 Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France.
 he is a sailor
 Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 Thaksin's government has been criticized for allowing the re-e
 Travelling in the mountains is a great way to experience the wilderness.
 kahn
 Dr. Schön is a professor.
 Britpop was a genre of music that was popular in the 1990s
 The battalions were absorbed into the battalions being formed for XI International
 The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter
 The stadium is also the home ground of the European football league champions, Real Madrid.
 Ten Boom was born in the Netherlands in 1888.
 The following is a list of articles that have been published in the "Standard
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 Eugowra is a town in the Central West Region of New South Wales,
 a word that is often used in a sentence
 jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of
 The song is a spirited and spirited piece of music, and is a 
 59,080)
 Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
 The film was filmed in a sandbox style.
 MK Sun (Waise Lee) became his idol, and MK Sun grew up
 The township was established in 1858 and is named after the town of Cowra.
 He was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions in Afghanistan.
 The mines were a major source of gold for the United States, and the prospector
 calculators
 The Kindle 2 is available in black, white, and red.
 yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
 nhl
 The Church of England has a tradition of interpreting the Bible as a book of interpretation
 i love you
 The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
 Stern's show was canceled in 2005.
 Tim Hortons's Canadian operations opened twice as many outlets as McDonald's
 He is a member of the Albany Fire Department and is a member of the Albany Police
 He was re-elected in the 2008 presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.2
 It is a living organism.
 sarah elizabeth i
 The music was composed by Stravinsky himself.
 a spokesman for the u.s.
 Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld
 tiger
 Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 –
 the instrument was nearly impossible to control
 The church was built in the 15th century and is a typical example of the Italian Renaissance
 <unk>
 Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and
 john mcdonald
 The Swiss interception system Onyx is a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering
 matchbook is a small cardboard folder (matchcover) enclosing a
 She was also a pioneer in the use of sedatives and sedatives
 adam s
 Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series
 Samovar & Porter (1994), p. 84
 edward lear
 She was a very sick child.
 The need for nest boxes is a result of the need to conserve the habitat of the 
 The team is a member of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 transistors
 gribble
 bludgeoning
 scotland
 no skater has ever achieved a quadruple axel
 The telephone exchange was located on the eastern side of the harbour, near the entrance to the harbour
 The prayer hall is not a place where one can pray.
 a snout
 computer performance
 The Volga is a river in the Caucasus region of Russia.
 crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region
 a dark brown
 ShoreBank is a community development bank in Chicago.
 Saddam Hussein has been convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity, and has
 All-Star Team
 Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north
 Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc,
 The design is based on the acoustic properties of the original sy
 He made his debut for the club in the 2011/12 season, and made his debut for the
 The village of Beaumesnil is located in the commune of Beaumesnil, in
 The quark model is a theoretical model of the universe that describes the structure of the universe
 The ring is a ring of a ring of a ring.
 West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own
 the primavera
 australia
 polymer
 <unk>br>
 'It was a very difficult time for him,' he said.
 The ground was redeveloped in the 1990s as a multi-use sports complex,
 market town
 a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
 Events North America
 Tresca was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (PKK)
 The war was a major factor in the independence of both countries.
 Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
 Schuschnigg's response was a response to the riots, which 
 It is part of the London Borough of Croydon.
 constituent
 Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz, and a
 stallone was born in san francisco
 The stunt was filmed on a remote-controlled vehicle, which was parked on the
 The book was a major influence on the development of the theory of macroeconomics.
 Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 is the third game in the series, and the first
 berceuse for piano
 a psychiatric attack is a psychological attack
 quinine was used to treat malaria
 The sandstones are characterized by a sandstone-like composition
 She was the author of the first edition of the German edition of the "Breitkopf
 saturn
 It is part of the canton of Ticino.
 The sand dunes are also a great place for a solitary 
 The Mughals ruled Dhaka from 1608 to 1618.
 The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of
 Harry's bravery
 he was arrested
 They have also been active in the arts and culture sector, and have been involved in the arts
 Hurricane Irma was a Category 1 hurricane, with winds of 155 mph
 The temple is a shrine to Meher Baba, who was born in the village of
 The church was built in the 15th century and was a major tourist attraction.
 She also won the gold medal in the women's triple jump at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Salem is the county seat of Essex County.
 st john s pipefish
 It is the second largest island in the Caribbean.
 PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
 he was convicted of robbery
 The rain was the second time in a week that the UK has experienced flooding.
 Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the user'
 The Free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party (
 fee
 The Ohio State University Library System is a public library system in Ohio.
 Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a
 "By the Way" was the first single from the album.
 MINIX was a free/open source operating system
 The snout is a snout-like snout with
 The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thist
 The warning was issued on September 22 as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after land
 Mark 77 firebombs are a common weapon in Iraqi combat, and the
 The film was a success, and the film was a success in its own right.
 The Third World is a place where the economy is based on the accumulation of a
 john mcdonald
 Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
 Veeck's first appearance for the club was a 1-0 win over the defending
 Fray is coming back.
 mutant
 It is administered by the College Board.
 The sung songs are a relic of the past, a re
 a symphony of a brain
 he was sent to prison
 Waugh's metaphor is a key element in the work.
 iranian princess
 dorsal ear
 Berzelius
 gang laid low for 16 months evading capture
 Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department
 Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
 The line was extended to Queen's Park in 1964.
 The line was closed in 1980.
 It is a small town with a small population.
 heart attack
 The region was also home to the largest population of Maya in the Americas.
 Google has also made the comic available on its official blog.
 a pedigree is a record of a person s family or family
 a book that was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption
 iop
 Napoleon's army is defeated at the Battle of the Marne.
 It is also the capital of the state of Borno.
 Tamil is the most widely spoken language in South India.
 The band has won a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Band, a Grammy Award for Best
 Kane was killed by a bullet to the head.
 The song "The Greatest Show on Earth" was written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert
 slovakia
 Hill Auditorium
 Winchester is the county seat of Scott County.
 Arzashkun
 She was also a contestant on the reality show "The Biggest Loser"
 tv series
 The device can be used in a variety of environments.
 Gimnasia hired first famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then
 Brighton is located at (41.2828, -98.4365).
 sarah jones
 Glinde is a small village in the district of Glinde, in the Swiss
 Pauline was a character in the original Donkey Kong game, but was not a
 sex
 january 1939
 half-life
 The Bernese Alps are a mountain range in the canton of Bern,
 Mary Ann Fisher Power
 Edward Gorey also said that Bawden was a "very good artist" and
 The string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes,
 charles gable
