This review found 38 studies involving 7843 children and their carers who presented to the emergency department for acute exacerbations. Following educational intervention delivered to children, their parents or both, there was a significantly reduced risk of subsequent emergency department visits (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.69 to 0.81, N = 3008) and hospital admissions. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, knee joint replacement surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomy and thyroid surgery, elect
This review identified five trials of MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine in children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children with malaria who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine), the vaccine significantly reduced
This review identified four studies, involving 125 participants, that evaluated the effects of electromagnetic field stimulation in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures. Three studies evaluated pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. All studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, but each study had limitations. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (risk ratio 1.61; 95% confidence interval 0.74 to 3.48
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials that compared the use of drain (915 participants) versus 'no drain' (916 participants) in 12 trials included in this review. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.5% in the 11 trials
This systematic review included 49 randomised controlled trials involving 3639 participants. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution. The
This review found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS ( two events
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. Seven trials examined immediate insertion of an IUD only. One of them randomised women to either the copper 7 or the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A. The quality of evidence was moderate. The evidence suggests that insertion of the Copper 7 was
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different prophylactic antibiotic regimens. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there were no significant differences in the proportion of people who developed SSIs. In one trial, people who received antibiotics with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penic
We included two randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. Mothers who were
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a differential effect depending on the type
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants, two trials awaiting classification and one ongoing trial. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Green tea was found to produce statistically significant reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure over six months, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. Black tea was also found
Two small trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies
We searched the medical literature for studies on the effects of exercise on fatigue and cancer-related fatigue in people with breast and prostate cancer. We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in this review, with the majority carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was
We searched the medical literature up to January 2016 and found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses: the HD9 and HD14 trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were performed in Italy and the EORTC 20012 was conducted in Belgium. All trials
We searched the medical literature for studies that assessed the effects of medical interventions on the quality of life of patients with cancer. We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 1835 cancer patients. Most studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. All four included trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government. The trials included women who were at low risk of having a caesarean section. The evidence is current to March 2018. The results of the review suggest that admission CTG is likely associated with an increase in the incidence of ca
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did
The search strategies identified 2847 citations overall. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant however there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. The review question remains unanswered as there were no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 randomised participants. We included two new studies, one of which was an update of a previously included study, and one new study with 113 participants. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first three months after the intervention. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of
We identified 30 randomised controlled trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However
Two studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review and a third was identified as ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 subjects in total). No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome (skills-community group versus control: risk ratio [RR] 0.95, 95% CI
We searched the medical literature for randomised or quasi-randomised trials involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) that compared prophylactic or selective blood transfusion to no transfusion. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either pro- or selective transfusion and no severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism, congestive cardiac failure, acute chest syndrome, or haemolytic disease of the newborn
We identified 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. We found no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. There is no evidence that liver resection using a radiofrequency dissecting sealer may be associated
Twenty-three randomised controlled trials involving 724 people were included. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (improving the rate of PPP by 44% to 62%) and topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion. However, there is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydro
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effect of loop diuretics on blood pressure in people with high blood pressure. We found nine trials that compared five drugs within the loop diurinary class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10
We searched the medical literature up to July 2016 and found 58 randomised controlled trials with 2849 participants who were randomly allocated to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) or no intervention. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthesia instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gall
We identified 74 unique studies as eligible for this review and categorized them according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigenens. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. malaria). We found 71 studies that compared the sensitivity and specificity of different types of RDTs with microscopy, eight studies that evaluated the sensitivity of Type 1 tests
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared the length of a primary care doctor's appointment with that of a non-primary care doctor. We found five studies, all conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering
The search identified 3952 abstracts which were scanned for relevance. Three trials met the inclusion criteria (Milinkovic 2007; McComsey 2008; Sanchez-Conde 2005). All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at high risk of selection,
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria for this review (n = 1658 participants). We found five trials to be of low risk of bias and five to be at moderate risk. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six
This review found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that compared relaxation therapy with no treatment. The results of these studies were conflicting. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). There was no significant difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD -0.71, CI 0.25 to 0.
This review included 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall (of which 5365 in the arms of interest (antidepressant and benzodiazepines as monotherapy) were included in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few trials provided data for primary outcomes. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this
Twenty-nine randomised controlled trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Doppler auditory assistance for arterial line cannulation in paediatric participants. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial lines are
We included one small RCT (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted between the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (mean difference (MD) -0.07; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence). Young men
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared high and low MCT formulas for short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. We found eight studies with 182 infants. There was no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT formulas in the short term growth of infants. We did not find any evidence that either formula type could be concluded to be better or worse than the other. There is no evidence
We included one small trial (with data from 34 participants) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniotefusion. The trial was considered to be at
We searched the medical literature for studies comparing the Mini-Cog to other brief cognitive screening tests in community settings. We found three studies, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, and the results of the studies varied between the studies. There was clinical and methodological heterogeneity between the included studies which precluded a pooled meta-analysis of the results. The sensitivity of the test was reported as 0.93, 0.89 and 0
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/daily to 70 mg/D), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/day to 80 mg/dos). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of
We included six new studies (517 participants) in this review update, bringing the total of included studies to 10 (811 participants). The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with
This review identified 40 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. Twenty-seven studies were RCTs, 12 were CBAs, and two were ITS. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions targeted at health professionals, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was
We searched the medical literature for studies comparing hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in women aged 25 years and younger. We included five trials that included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared the following contraceptives: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterinal system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS
We searched the medical literature for allergen immunotherapy trials that compared immunotherapy with inhaled steroids. We included 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy, 27 pollen allergy trials, 10 animal dander allergy trials; two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens. Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms and medication, and improvement in bronchial hyper-reactivity following immunotherapy. There was no
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared lung-protective ventilation with lower tidal volumes in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials involving 1297 patients. Mortality was significantly reduced at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. One trial had an unclear risk of bias. There was
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we derived evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. These results should be interpreted with caution. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered
Four trials including 15,936 hypertensive subjects were identified. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug against a usual antihypertensive regimen. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, however, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the numbers of patients who received active treatment. Quality of life
We included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. Compared to angioplasty alone, PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.95 to 1.55) in those receiving PTCra with adjun
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 333 children under 24 months of age who were diagnosed with acute bronchiolitis. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulising salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decong
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared the percutaneous technique with the cut-down femoral artery access technique. We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. The studies were small and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. One study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The other study was an ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future. There was no difference
Two trials met the inclusion criteria. The sponge was significantly less effective in both trials in preventing overall pregnancy than was the diaphragm. Discontinuation rates were higher at 12 months as well. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine compared with placebo, and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL compared to placebo. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the methylphenidate and modafinil arms; few
This review included two randomised controlled clinical trials, reporting data from 26 analysed participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the estimates were imprecise: a difference
We searched for randomised controlled trials to assess the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen for preventing miscarriages in women with a history of diabetes. We found two trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women who had undergone in-vitro
There were fourteen studies (16 comparisons) with extractable data included in the review, of which ten studies examined TCAs, two examined SSRIs and two included both classes, all compared with placebo. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. We found that TCAs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The numbers needed to treat (NN
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators. We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared the effects of ibuprocin 400 mg versus placebo. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. NNTs for all efficacy outcomes were better with 400 mg than 200 mg in comparisons with placebo, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. Adverse events
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. We found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-
This review found limited evidence to evaluate second-line therapies in patients with HIV who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. One randomised trial in 136 patients and two observational studies (both of low quality) suggest no difference in virological suppression whether or not lamivudine is maintained in a second line regimen. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months
We found 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. Difficult face mask ventilation was the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. We found seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations. The tests were designed to assess the physical status of the airway in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 8014 people with acute infectious diarrhoea. We found 63 studies with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 trials recruited infants and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants); this study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term and medium-term (between six and 12 months) effects of the intervention versus standard care. We found that the intervention was favoured over standard care for social functioning in both the short term and medium
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared pregabalin with placebo or no treatment. We included eight studies. Five studies (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to preregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised
We included one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the two groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (risk ratio (RR) 0.51; 95%
This review identified four studies that investigated the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Two of the studies used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behavioral therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43,
We included 13 studies (5686 patients). We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about 50% of the included studies and at low risk in 25% to 30% of studies. All studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28 days, 30 days, 60 days or ICU mortality). We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta
Six studies (n = 478) of variable quality were included. Venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution further reduces the pain. A composite outcome of Infant Pain Scale (NIPS), Neonatal Facial Action Coding System (NFCS) and/or Premature Infant pain Profile (PIPP) score
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral drugs in preventing or treating influenza. Few were shown to be superior to the antiviral drug. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which adverse reactions were mentioned in the group although no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared thrombolytic therapy, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange for the treatment of dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. We found 8 studies with a total of 580 participants. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. The evidence is current to June 2016. Thrombol
We identified 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95%
This review found ten random or quasi-random controlled trials on a total of 1896 patients. There was no statistically significant effect on inpatient mortality (OR 1.10, 95% CI 0.86 to 2.29) but higher quality studies showed a larger non-significant increase in inpatient death (OR 0.52, 95.35 to 1.16) or mortality to longest follow up (OR0.37, 95 to 0.68). Discharge to institutional
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Only two studies reported the primary
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin drug), simvastatin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There was no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. There is evidence that stat
This review found that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared yoga with no therapy, exercise or psychosocial/educational interventions. We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for meta-analysis. We found that yoga improved health-related quality of life and reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression (pooled SMD -0.21, 95% CI -3.50 to 2.05;
We included one retrospective, single-institution study that compared post-operative imaging within 48 hours after surgery with no early post-operative imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. Although patient characteristics in the
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared chlorpromazine with metiapine in 161 people with schizophrenia. We found no clear difference in the number of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. Nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post
We included seven trials (825 participants). We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training, twelve-step programme (one study), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing only. The results were as follows. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was very low. There was no difference between groups for either
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials of muscle cramp and found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. Quinine was compared to placebo (20 trials, n = 1140), vitamin E (four trials
We identified seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (n = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (N = 322). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps or disease state-associated cramps. For idiop
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared the effects of a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The trial assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale - Expanded (HFMSE), which has a range of possible scores from 0 to 66, with an
We searched the medical literature up to July 2016 and found two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in patients with cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. Both trials had significant risks of bias and did not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery. One trial found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss, but
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Seven studies looked at accident and emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase
We included 84 trials (22,872 participants), with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. We found some statistically significant effects in favour of MI for the quantity of alcohol consumed (standardised mean difference (SMD) −0.07 or a reduction in the number of days/week alcohol was consumed from 2.74 days to 2.52 days; moderate quality evidence); and peak blood alcohol concentration, or BAC, (smD −0
This review includes 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (n = 2210), although not all reported relevant or useable data. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition biases and at high risk for biases associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. Inhaler
Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients who had CT-verified ICH. All three trials compared the effects of mannitol with placebo or no treatment. The results of the three trials showed that there were no significant differences between the treatment groups in death and disability. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials,
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed when compared to placebo for all three-dose ranges and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was -10.6 mm/hr. The total withdrawals were significantly higher in the moderate and high dosage groups (OR=1.63 and 2.13
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. The studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. Huangqi decoctions had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. However, there was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when they were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (WBC <
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effect of vitamin A and/or DHA on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss in people with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. We included three RCTs that met our eligibility criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP. One trial evaluated vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education
We identified three randomised controlled trials that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. We found no significant differences in the risk of development of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates compared with the placebo group. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of the condition was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically
We searched the medical literature for studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis and found four trials. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%; risk ratio (RR) 1.11
The administration of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal infections in eligible preterm infants. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsi in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds. We identified 14 reports of 13 RCTs that compared different dressings and topical agents. The evidence is current to March 2016. The results of the trials suggest that the
In 2014, we added seven trials for a new total of 11. Five reports were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. They included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The others studied
We searched for randomised controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA that assessed the effectiveness of red-light cameras in reducing the number of people killed and injured in traffic collisions. We found 10 studies that compared the effectiveness and safety of red light cameras with no cameras. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. The results showed that red light camera cameras are effective in reducing total collisions, specific
We searched the medical literature up to July 2015 for studies that compared the use of a 10-mg or a 5-mg warfarin loading dose for initiation of warfarins to achieve an INR of 2.0 on the fifth day of therapy in patients with venous thromboembolism. We found four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five.
We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 555 participants. None of the interventions were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of people who had been treated for hip fracture. The trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with
We searched the medical literature for studies on home-based nursing services for children with acute and chronic illnesses. We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rates. However, a number of studies reported improved parental satisfaction and improved child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported
The 2016 update included two more studies (n = 196) and more publications with additional data for four already included studies. The updated review therefore includes 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM versus standard care, and ICM vs non-ICM. We found moderate-quality evidence that ICM probably makes little or no difference in the average number of days in hospital per month, or in the
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. We found two randomised clinical trials. One trial compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Patients had statistically significant higher serum bilirubin concentration after treatment with prednisones compared with budesonides
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared the timing of support (early versus delayed) with the risk of death or disability. We found 11 trials with a total of 284 participants. Seven trials compared parenteral versus enteral nutrition. Five trials (207 participants) reported mortality. The RR for mortality at the end of follow-up period was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). Data on disability were available for three trials.
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared digital interventions with face-to-face interventions. We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% CI 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly allocated to other active treatments in three-arm trials. The included studies were only short-term studies and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for both primary outcomes. Two primary outcomes
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials that compared tai chi with no intervention for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. We identified 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias,
Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based interventions provided
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared corticosteroids to placebo in adult cancer patients. We included three studies, enrolling 451 participants. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametron. Corticosteroid therapy with dexam
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. The studies ranged from seven days to three years. Three studies included HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four cystic fibrosis (429) and
We included nine randomised controlled trials, randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. The quality of the current evidence is very low. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous dioxide and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (both outcomes very low
This review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the effects of different doses of corticosteroids in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolled a total of 303 participants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies contrasted a high versus a moderate and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dexamethasone dose. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants investigated early initiation of dexametasone therapy versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences
We searched for randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Overall there were no differences in
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticides to be effective in reducing the incidence of the disease. Another study found that health education reduced the incidence by 29.5% compared with no intervention, but this was not statistically
This review identified 15 studies (1043 CFS participants) that compared CBT with usual care. CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared to usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. Findings at follow-up were inconsistent. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with C
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation in children and adults with sickle cell disease. We included only one low-quality clinical study which had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data. The study included 46 people with sickly cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal) who were randomly allocated to receive oral vitamin D3 (cholecalc
This review includes only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3); and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Children were allocated randomly to one of the two treatments. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language.
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared antibiotic treatment to no treatment in people with active retinochoroiditis. We found four studies that included 268 participants. One study conducted in the US in adults studied pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one study in the UK in children and adults evaluated trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for four weeks; and one studied in Brazil in adults and children investigated trim
We included 43 trials containing predominantly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures.   Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. The SHS was more common in the IMHS group. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants)
We searched the medical literature for studies comparing palliative surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either surgery (n = 27) or medical management with Octreotide, and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Although six (22%) women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of
This review found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomizedised) looked at the effects on testosterone levels. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral
This review identified 1522 unique references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We found no new studies. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. There is no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. The
For primary therapy three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified, enrolling a total of 745 patients, that investigated temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). In recurrent HGG, two RCTs enrolling 672 patients in total found that the treatment did not increase OS compared to standard chemotherapy (HR 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.
This review found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('contracting-in') to improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The findings of one study provide low quality evidence that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the
We searched the medical literature and found three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of ICU stay. However, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required
We searched the medical literature for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared cerivastatin with other cholesterol lowering drugs and found 50 trials with 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials were of three to 12 weeks duration. The trials were conducted in the United States, Europe, Australia, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates. The results of the trials showed that cer
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Based on high quality evidence, remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine levels at postoperative days one and two (14 studies, 1022 participants: MD -0.02 mg/dL, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.02; I2 = 21%), two (9 studies, 770 participants) and three (6 studies,
We searched the medical literature up to June 2015 for studies that investigated the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke. We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the effectiveness of different interventions in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline
Three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. The
This review found 12 randomised controlled trials that compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected participants. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin than the plasma exchange group; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0
We searched the medical literature up to June 2015 for studies that compared the use of a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants); in the 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high or a low fraction of inspiration oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, we found no evidence of an increase in the risk of death
We searched for randomised controlled trials involving children up to 16 years of age who had OME. We found 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Time periods ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months. Overall, we found moderate quality evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in patients with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. We found 12 studies, nine RCTs and three before and after studies. Only one study explored all-cause mortality and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) as endpoints. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Most studies were conducted in the UK, and most of the studies were carried out in the USA. The evidence is current to April 2016. The results suggest that people with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate to severe brain injury need more intensive rehabilitation, and more intensive programmes are
We included one trial (involving 176 women) in this review. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. Duration of exclusive breastfeeding and the proportion of infants being exclusively breastfed at six months of age
We searched for randomised controlled trials of sanchi for acute ischaemic stroke. We included eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchic group than in the control group (relative risk (RR) 0.63, 95% confidence interval (Cl
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the timing of implant placement with the time to functional loading. We found 14 eligible RCTs but only seven trials could be included. Four trials compared implant placement timing with implant loading. Two trials compared immediate-delayed versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One trial compared immediate with immediately delayed implants for 16 patients for 2 years. After 2 years patients in the immediate group perceived the time
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials that compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We found two trials with a total of 32 participants. The first trial compared PBT1 to placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for per protocol analysis. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT2, was compared with placebo, and 78 participants were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. There was no
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. The number of participants treated with PDE5 inhibitors was more likely to improve their WHO functional class (odds ratio (OR) 8.59, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.95 to 18.68; 8 trials
We included one new trial involving 45 participants in this updated review. In total we included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. This review provides evidence that multiple injections using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single-injection techniques. Nine trials comparing multiple with single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (risk ratio (RR) 0
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. We found three studies, all of which used children aged 7-12 months. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval (CI), which means that the average decrease in linear growth was less than one centimetre per year
Three trials (139 patients) were included. APD did not differ from CAPD with respect to mortality (RR 1.26, 95% interval 0.51 to 4.37), risk of peritonitis (RR 0.96, 95 of CI 0.43 to 2.02), hernias (RR 2.17, 95.06 to 9.83), PD catheter removal (RR 3.06, 95 to 95.01), PD fluid leaks
We searched the medical literature for trials comparing CRT with RT, CT, IF-RT and EF-RT. We found 37 trials (9312 patients) that compared CRT to RT and CT. CRT seems to be optimal for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression/relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and
We searched the medical literature for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different types of opioids (oral, transdermally, or intrathecally). We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k
The review contains only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email communications to usual care. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail (OR 0.93; 95% CI 0.69 to 1.24).
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. All nine studies included the conversion of a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive Dix Hallp
Four studies (231 participants randomised) are included in the review. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, n = 109), (2) polypectomy versus systemic steroid (two studies, 87); and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid. All participants
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four trials compared foods fortified with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. We included eight trials (709 participants); seven were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. The trials
This review found 11 studies involving 3060 randomly assigned men with advanced prostate cancer that compared non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy with medical or surgical castration monotherapy in men with metastatic disease. The quality of evidence for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure was rated as moderate according to GRADE. Evidence quality was moderate for breast pain, gynaecomastia, hot flashes, fatigue, fatigue and hot flashes. The evidence for other adverse events was
The eligible trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. We found eight trials with adequate randomisation and four trials with suboptimal randomisation. We excluded a trial because the randomisation had failed to produce comparable groups. The trials did not find an effect of screening on total cancer mortality, including breast cancer, after 10 years, or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. The number of lumpectomies and mastect
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 doses of hCG compared to 10, 000 units. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no
In total, 24 trials were included, but only 16 (10,114 women) had analysable data. There is good evidence that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. The studies lasted 12 weeks. We found no statistically significant differences between I
Two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials were eligible for inclusion in the review, with data from four short-term RCTs (169 participants) available for analysis. Response data from a single placebo-controlled trial of fluoxetine suggested overall superiority of medication relative to placebo (relative risk (RR) 3.07, 95% CI 1.4 to 6.72, n = 67). Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in the two studies of flu
This review identified three randomised controlled trials that compared cotrimoxazole desensitization with rechallenge for prophylaxis of opportunistic infections in adults with HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. In the small trials included in this review, when compared to a re-challenge protocol, cotinine desENSitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions. Further randomised
We included in the review three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 148 neonates. Using different sedation scales, each study showed a statistically significantly higher sedation level in the midazolam group compared with the placebo group. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midAZolam infusion than during dextrose (placebo) infusion (MD -3.80, 95% CI -
We searched for randomised controlled trials involving 767 people with diarrhoea in people who were otherwise healthy. We found 12 trials with a total of 767 participants. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for people with diarrhea at two to four days after treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.75, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to 1.25; seven trials, 440 participants; very low quality evidence). The
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of IL-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, SEPSIS criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We found a high risk of bias due to issues
We included 29 trials (5718 participants). All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials that involved people
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared selenium, docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. We included two randomised trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared omega-3 fatty acids (DHA and EPA) with a placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gest
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared different anthracycline infusion durations and peak doses in adults with solid tumours. We identified 11 studies, involving 5280 participants. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with cancer. The studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Seven of the studies were RCTs that evaluated different infusion duration durations (803 participants), and four studies that assessed different peak doses (5280 participants).
We included 37 eligible trials with a total of 3110 randomised participants; nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for mortality, 31 studies reported
This review identified three studies involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (level 2), based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition
This review included three randomised controlled trials involving 206 participants with vascular dementia. When analysing these trials together, there was a significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE (WMD 2.04, 95% CI 1.43 to 2.66). No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 960 participants who had axillary lymphadenectomy. We found seven trials with 960 participants. The quality of the evidence was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which therefore reduces the reliability of the results. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary l
We searched the medical literature for studies on flavonoids and colorectal cancer. We included eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The two case-controlled studies were
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. We found that the number of participants who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions (27/84 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%); risk ratio (RR)
This systematic review found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer on laparotomy). The summary estimate of sensitivity for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54
This review identified 34 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 2169 participants with blepharitis. Most of the trials were conducted in the United States and Europe. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2014 and included participants aged 18 years and older. There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior and posterior bleph
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. This study was at high risk of bias. There is insufficient
We identified 42 primary studies with 4220 participants. Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%),
We included seven studies, with 766 participants: four used intracutaneous injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. All reported on low back pain in labour only. One study reported that more women had a 4/10 cm or more reduction in pain; significantly more had this outcome with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1932 participants that compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. The overall postoperative chronic pain in the glue group was reduced by 37% (OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.91; 10 studies, 1418 participants, low-quality evidence). Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation (MD −3.13
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Structuring generally improved the quality of abstracts, but increased their length. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were
This review identified 12 randomised controlled trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, were included in the review; the majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion
The review included six randomised controlled trials involving 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included participants with focal onset seizures only. Participants receiving brivaracetam add-on were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (RR 1.81, 95
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. Most of the studies addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We found
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of psychological therapies for anorexia nervosa in adults and older adolescents. We found 10 trials with a total of 599 participants. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we now include three new trials. Two of the 10 trials included children. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to get either perfluropropane (C3F8) or silicone oil. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. Planned early delivery was associated with lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery (risk ratio (RR) 0.69, 95% confidence interval of 0.57 to 0.83, two studies, 1459 women (evidence graded high)). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gest
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Six studies (including 142 participants) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Three of the studies compared three different types of blood clotting factor concentrates with placebo. Two studies compared two different regimens, failing to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The remaining four studies
We included one new study in this update. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not
Two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes 14 and 432) RhD negative women were included. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. Five included studies investigated clopidogrel compared to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or compared ticlopidine in combination with aspirin to
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Six trials evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions. One trial evaluated a two-week intervention, one evaluated a six-week treatment and one a three-month intervention. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used
This update of the systematic review on nocturnal-NIPPV in COPD (Wijkstra 2002), has led to the inclusion of three new studies, leading to seven included studies on 245 people. These included partial pressure of CO2 and O2 in arterial blood, six-minute walking distance (6MWD), health-related quality of life (HRQoL), forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (
We included four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women. Compared to expectant management, there was no clear effect of induction of labour for suspected macrosomia on the risk of caesarean section (risk ratio 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 1.09), or instrumental delivery. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial,
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Ninety-four trials reported no mortality, and nine trials reported mortality but did not report in which intervention group the mortality occurred
This review identified two randomized controlled trials with 296 participants for fluoxetine, 2036 participants for orlistat, and 1047 participants for sibutramine. These studies compared the effects of these drugs on weight loss in people with type 2 diabetes. Pharmacotherapy produced modest reductions in weight. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other
Five studies involving a total of 734 participants were eligible for inclusion. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for
We identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen. However, two of these closed prematurely due to low recruitment and did not report results. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received G-
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Seven of the trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress. The trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both
We found 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety (0.04, I2 = 0%, 2 trials, 587 participants, low-quality evidence) and depression. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care compared with usual care. However, the
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared vaginal prostaglandin E2 with no treatment (placebo or no treatment) or with placebo (a dummy drug). We found a total of 11,487 women who were randomly allocated to one of these two or more treatment groups. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most domains. Prostaglandins PGE2 probably increase the chance of vaginal delivery in
This review identified 11 potential studies involving 247 infants. Five studies compared cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress versus incubator care, which included five trials and a total of 231 infants, produced similar results. When compared to the incubator, cot nursing resulted in no significant difference in mean body temperature (MD 0.02 degrees C; 95% CI -0.02 to 0.07, four trials), though the one trial that reported on episodes
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (risk ratio (RR) 0.99, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.93 to 1.06). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group
We found three randomised controlled trials, involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. The studies were considered to be at high risk of
We searched the medical literature up to July 2016 for studies involving 355 infants with respiratory distress. We found six studies that compared continuous distending pressure (CDP) as a CPAP or CNP with other types of CPAP. We also found that CDP is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) in infants with birth weight above 1500 g and lower overall mortality in infants above 1500 grams. However, use of CDP as CPAP
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. We found no evidence that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes than other types of dressing however all trials in this field are very small. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of diabetic foot ulcer healed when foam dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. The
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did
This review identified one randomised controlled trial that compared early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomly assigned to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) or delayed postoperative bathing for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of
We found one randomised controlled trial comparing daily standard-dose oral prednisolone with daily high-dose monthly oral dexamethasone in 40 participants. The trial had a low risk of bias, but the quality of evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission (RR 1.11; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.90 to 4.52; very low-
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared face-to-face and remote asthma check-ups in terms of asthma control, asthma control or quality of life. We found six studies with a total of 2100 participants. The studies generally recruited people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with COPD or severe asthma. One study compared the two types of check-up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma and we assessed it as a separate question. We could not
Three out of 16 identified studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise therapy. Both included and excluded studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. Although the short-term effects look promising, the long-term effect of exercise therapy remains unclear. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org)
We searched the medical literature up to July 2015 for studies that compared antibiotics with placebo or no antibiotics. We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some beneficial effects on inpatient and outpatient patients, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay).
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomly assigned 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (
We searched the medical literature for studies that investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. Thirty-eight studies with a total of 1896 participants were included. There is limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight-bearing and the use of a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise. There was no evidence of benefit for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not
We searched the medical literature for studies of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART. Four studies met the inclusion criteria. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCT), and two were non-randomised trials. Two of the studies were conducted in low-income countries, and the other two in high-income nations. Two interventions, an LPV/r-containing regimen and peer support therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral
This review found five studies (696 participants) that compared fenoprofen 200 mg with placebo. Participants had pain following third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. There was no difference in numbers of participants experiencing any adverse events between fENOPREN 200 mg and placebo. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of people needing rescue medication. No serious
This review included six randomised controlled trials involving a total of 857 women with prolapse. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (857 women); two trials included women having surgery (118 women); and two trials combined PFMT with surgery and compared it as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). PFMT versus control There was a significant risk of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. The
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) compared quinolone antibiotics with no drug treatment or topical antiseptics at one week, two to four weeks, and six to 12 months. The trials were generally poorly reported, follow-up usually short, and handling of bilateral disease inconsistent. Topical quinsolones were significantly better at clearing aural discharge than no drug or antiseptic treatment, but non-quinolone antibiotic
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 74.4
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared educational and psychological interventions with conventional treatment for children with atopic eczema. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings, and included 2003 children aged 3 months to 7 years. The most robust study (n = 992 children) provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. The largest study measured quality of life using the
This review included 14 randomised controlled trials (753 participants) that compared HBOT with no treatment for LRTI. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) (risk ratio (RR) 1.4; 95% CI 1.1 to 1.8, P value = 0.003, number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 5; 246
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 participating surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the usual use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. In four studies, the use
The review currently includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between the two drugs in terms of response to treatment. However, the quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. There was no significant difference in numbers with at least one
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. We found nine eligible RCTs including 593 infants in total. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Some (low quality) evidence exists that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain
Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD) 0.11, P < 0.001) and in people who received 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo (MD 0.07, 95% confidence interval (
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. We found two RCTs that compared the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The studies were conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The authors reported a statistically
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweight, but this was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with stillbirth or neonatal death and birthweight. No clear differences were
Ten randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants met our inclusion criteria, and pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. All trials used probiotics as adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month but this did not translate into a higher frequency of clinical or mycological cure. The use of probiotics did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non
We included seven trials (involving 696 participants) in this update of the review. The included trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met the evidence criteria. The trials were carried out in Germany, Italy,
We searched the medical literature for studies of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy. We found 83 studies with a total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) who were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinaopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis pigmentosa. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one study in Japan
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%); the mean age was 65 years. We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (risk ratio (RR) 0.25; low quality evidence) with a number needed to treat
We included four randomised controlled trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the primary outcomes, women receiving diazep
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more
The review included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. All of the studies were small and did not report the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. None of the fully published trials were adequately powered to detect a treatment effect. We were unable to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs caused by MRSA. We included nine RCTs (3144 participants). Linezolid was associated with a significantly better clinical (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.16) and microbiological cure rate in adults (RR 0.36, 95 of CI 0.12 to 0.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. Postoperative mortality (OR 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to -0.32), overall survival (HR 0.84, 95- CI 0.61 to 1.29), and
This systematic review of randomised controlled trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 enrolled participants (one study used a cluster-randomized design). Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be of a relatively high risk. We found that immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy are similar in terms of rates of return of spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult.
The new search identified fifteen trials. Ten trials involving eight different comparison groups have been included. Three trials were eligible for inclusion. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol compared to stop protocol and GnRH antagonist protocol. Total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher in the GnRHA long protocol group compared to the Stop protocol. Cancellation rates were significantly higher than the GnRH flare up group. None of
This 2009-10 update adds 21 additional studies, with a total of 53 randomised controlled trials included. Family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and would therefore be of interest to people with schizophrenia, clinicians and policy makers. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines
This review included three randomised controlled trials with 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies manufactured the drug-eluting balloons (Eurocor, Bonn, Germany; Medtronic, Fridley, Minnesota, USA). The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials that compared the effect of corticosteroids on the occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities, duration of fever, length of hospital stay and the duration of clinical symptoms in children with KD. We found seven trials with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. The evidence is current to March 2016. We assessed the effects of steroid treatment on the incidence of heart problems, time for laboratory parameters to normalise
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus control comparisons producing 19
We found one new included study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). The low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood; N = six trials, 241 participants), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood, 504 participants;
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging increased the number of pills that were taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%)). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials provided
We identified a total of 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. The
We searched the medical literature for studies that assessed the prevalence of kidney disease in people with chronic kidney disease (CCS). We included 52 studies, which included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. We found 61 studies, of which 46 were included in the original review, and six were not meeting the inclusion criteria, but assessing risk factors. In total, we included 61 studies; 46 for prevalence, six for both prevalence and
Two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® were included. The Phase IIB (pivotal) trial suggests that Nipnisan® was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis over a six-month period (low-quality evidence). It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia (low
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as RCTs; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials that compared different types of hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. We found 31 trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of land-based therapeutic exercise programmes on pain, physical function and quality of life in people with symptomatic hip OA. Most of the studies were conducted in the United States and included people with hip or knee OA (419 participants). Five of the 10 included RCTs exclusively recruited people with symptoms of hip osteoarthritis (HOA) and five of the five included studies exclusively recruited
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared exercise therapy with no exercise therapy for people with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. We included nine high-quality RCTs with a total of 260 participants in this review. Six trials focussed on comparison of exercise therapy versus exercise therapy alone, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our criteria. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS who are not
Only one trial including 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting period of 4.2 months) (N = 40), contributed information to this review. Information on the outcome mortality was available for 68 participants (28 people in the early group and 40 people
We searched for randomised controlled trials of people undergoing orthognathic surgery and found 11 trials. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction
We included one small trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The primary outcomes were caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. We also examined gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for fetal gastroschisis. Two babies died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous group (
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared paracetamol with placebo or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week; 122 participants were randomised initially, and 95 completed treatment. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of different drugs on the size of the wet patch on the pillow. Most of the studies were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three RCTS, expiratory muscle strength training with no active control or sham training; and one RCT, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imp
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT compared the effect of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication on the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding in ITP during pregnancy. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrh
We identified two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive
The search strategy identified 31,767 records; after screening, 90 full-text reports were assessed for eligibility. We included 67 trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with endpoint haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less
This review found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. There was no overall survival benefit of the irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment over irinoxetine alone, however both regimens remain reasonable options in treating patients with advanced or metastatic CRC.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests that a longitudinal incision is less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operation complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse
We included a total of nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. Sample sizes ranged from 33 to 351. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. The included studies compared MBR with usual care for subacute LBP. People who received MBR had less pain (four studies with 336 participants; SMD -0.14, 95% CI -
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between groups. We also found no clinically relevant differences in the number of deaths or disease progression. We did not find any differences in nausea, osteonecrosis of the jaw, or decreased analgesic consumption. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients with FL. We found five trials with 1093 participants. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. The quality of the five trials is moderate. There is some evidence that HDT + ASCT is advantageous in patients with relapsed FL. However, this effect is not transferred into
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment (1 RCT n = 72, RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.43, moderate-quality evidence) and mental state (total endpoint Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS): 2 RCTs, n = 140, MD 0.18
For this update, we found three new studies (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 RCTs with 799 participants. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were three studies in this group, but it was not appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of the data. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment
This review includes just one cluster-randomised study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical products. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants in our review. Participants ranged from two years to young adults. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. The diagnosis of IM was based on clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters. The antiviral agents used in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclov
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. The trials were conducted in the United States, Europe, Australia and Japan. Insulin detemirs were given once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice-daily at the end of the trial in one study. Glargines were given twice-a-day in the
Six trials and two parallel group trials were included. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for FI. In the crossover trial by Sørensen and colleagues, participants did not experience any FI episodes in either the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ periods. In contrast, in the trial by Thin, 15 participants with FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of FI compared with the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS)
This review identified two well-designed and low risk of bias trials (n = 190 participants) that compared molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or light-curing adhesive to those bonded with molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. One trial indicated that there was less decalcification with bonded molar band than with bonded bands. The other trial showed that the failure rate of molar tube bonded with a chemically cured adhesive was considerably higher than
We searched the medical literature for studies published between 1988 and 2012. We found 66 studies that included 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. The results of these studies showed that the diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with stomach cancer. However, the heterogeneity of the results warrants special caution, as well as further investigation for the identification of factors influencing the outcome of this diagnostic tool
We identified a total of six trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopy (N = 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age in the studies varied between 40 and 47 years. There was no significant difference between the two groups
We found eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. We found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration capsaicins than with 'active placebo; the
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (n = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in people with 30% to 49% stenopathy (N = 1429, RR 0.93, 95-CI 0
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomized studies (NRS) that compared different surgical approaches for the prevention of parastomal herniation. We included 10 studies with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60), and other (2
We searched the medical literature up to July 2014 and found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our
We found 11 studies with a total of 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe cancer pain, but fewer completed treatment or had results of treatment. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size. Eight studies were double-blind; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at
Two studies comprising 287 participants were included. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study, reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and additionally at day 4, the pain severity was reduced more in the dalteparin group
We searched the medical literature for randomised trials comparing anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. We found 36 randomised studies (1285 patients) that compared antiplatelets with antioleptics. There was no significant difference in the odds of death or disability, or the occurrence of ischaemic stroke. Symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (5
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2066 patients. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We found no evidence that silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) or silver nitrate (Hydron AgSD) are better than non-silver gau
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure (
We included 29 studies (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. We found that restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use of other health services. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on
Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. We found that there was insufficient high-quality evidence to recommend any specific one-to-one O
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) or no treatment; one study (28 participants) with or without oral or intra-articular steroids; and one study with 32 participants. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials
Three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants were included in the review. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between rTMs
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.79, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.90), while another trial showed no difference at 6 months. In another trial, clobetasol
We searched for randomised controlled trials involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome. Seventy-one different herbal medicines were tested in the included trials, in which herbal medicines are compared with placebo or conventional pharmacologic therapy. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, STW 5, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie
We searched the medical literature for studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of levonorgestrel (LNG) and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Most of the studies were decades old and provided limited information. We found 22 studies that compared LNG with other hormonal medications. The drugs and doses evaluated included levon
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. We found 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years).
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We found that statins have an important role in primary prevention of cardiovascular events and mortality in people who have CKD. Statins consistently lower death and major cardiovascular events by 20% in people without CKD not requiring dialysis and by 20
We searched the medical literature for published studies on the use of pharmacological interventions for pain in children with cystic fibrosis (CYP) and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI). We found nine trials with 379 participants. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenic imperfecta in the other four. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared latrepirdine with placebo in people with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease (AD). We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were including analyses of safety and tolerability outcomes. No data were available from the seventh trial. There was low quality evidence favouring lat
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in people undergoing carotid stenting. No trial reported ischaemic stroke, improvement in neurological impairment, hemorrhagic stroke, cardiovascular events, and RIC associated adverse events. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased in-hospital rates of growth in weight (3.82 g/kg/day, 95% CI 2.94 to 4.7; five RCTs, 101 infants; I² = 73%), length (MD 0.12 cm/wk, 95 of CI 0.07 to 0.17; four RCTS, 68
The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEM to no intervention. Only two studies reported patient outcomes. The results of this review suggest that PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the clinical significance of the observed effect sizes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission, primarily at encouraging condom use. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. free sexual health services). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. The majority of interventions provided information about
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared short psychoeducation to cognitive behavior therapy. Brief psychoeducation appears to reduce relapse in the medium term, and promote medication compliance in the short term. Social function such as rehabilitation status (n = 118, 1 RCT, MD -13.68 CI -14.85 to -12.51, low quality
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All studies were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. Study duration was from 7 to 16 months; all studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen administered for 20 minutes. All children were discharged, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was
We searched the medical literature up to July 2015 for studies that looked at the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. We found eight studies that included a total of eight patients with LBP in accident and emergency settings and three in primary care. The evidence is current to June 2015. The studies were conducted in four different countries and included patients in primary, secondary and tertiary care. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red
This review identified two randomised trials that compared the outcomes of surgical urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy in 210 adult men with Urethral stricture disease. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery than in the primary urethroplasty group (RR 3.39, 95% CI
We searched the medical literature up to July 2016 for studies that compared intermittent and daily inhaled inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) with inhaled bronchodilators (budesonide and beclomethasone) in children and adults with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma. We included six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks. A total of 1211 patients with
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) of increased fruit and vegetable intake, two of a Mediterranean diet and one study (12 people), of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dial
We searched the medical literature for studies on the effectiveness of steam inhalation or mist therapy for children with acute bronchiolitis up to three years of age. One study was eligible for inclusion and found that nebulised salbutamol was an effective intervention for young children with bronchioiditis but mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in RDS score. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is
We identified four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval
Four studies involving 149 participants met inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing a day splint and not wearing a night spint. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75
This review found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduces the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean birth, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Women who were upright were also less likely to have an epidural. However, there were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage, or other outcomes related to
This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted criteria for the diagnosis of TOS and had to rely exclusively on the diagnosis made by the investigators in the reviewed studies. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required follow up for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of tOS and compared
Twenty-one randomised controlled trials involving 884 people were included in this review. The evidence is current to June 2015. The trials compared various treatments for wrist pain, including oral steroids, splinting, ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms (WMD -7.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.82 to -0.14). One
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. SCORE compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections with observation (n = 72); GENEVA compared dexamethasone implant with sham injections. The SCORE investigators reported that participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg of triaminolone were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity
Six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients were included. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (-18.5 versus -8.5, P < 0.05
We included one small study (involving 24 women). The study was a single-centre randomised trial conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the antihypopertensives, as well as all the other four drugs. Lumbar epidural
We found 16 randomised controlled trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention in people with alcoholic liver disease. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of liver disease, and 65% were men. The trials were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by industry. All trials were at overall high risk of bias. There was no evidence of effect of
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with
This review included eight studies with 582 participants, of which five studies conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. Five studies administered oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two studies provided intravenous corticosteroid treatment. Corticosteroids were given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration
We identified one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was
The search strategy identified a total of 2079 unique citations. Out of 84 potentially eligible citations, we included two RCTs. The first study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based teaching of stroke prevention and management. The game evaluated in the first study used as a reinforcement technique, was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of
We searched for randomised controlled trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressants preventing relapse in unipolar depression, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side-effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment
This review found two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) that compared amifostine with placebo. Both studies had a low risk of bias. The trials showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia (130 patients, two studies), the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. The other two studies provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinic-based or home sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. Two studies compared parent-mediated
We included two randomised controlled trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality (RR 4.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 3.78); participants = 104; studies = 1; quality of evidence: very low)
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared meditation with usual care for adults in the terminal phase of a disease. We found five studies with 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. All five studies were undertaken in
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). We found no evidence of an effect on change in global UPDRS score ( mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.68 to -4.
We included 12 studies (N = 461), all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. For this update, we excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade for CRPS.
Fourteen trials, including 2488 participants, met the inclusion criteria. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. We found that antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy compared to corticostimulants alone, but the results were imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared LHRH agonists (leuprorelin or treosulfan) with placebo (placebo) in the treatment of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC. We found two small studies, including 97 women, that compared leuprarelin with placebo. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (
We found 17 eligible randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial compared high-frequency ventilation (Kinsell
This review included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions.
We included one new study (338 participants/catheters) in this update, which brought the total included to 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information.
The review included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient (nutrient) supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education (two studies), and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children
This review found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared foam dressings with other wound dressing treatments, including paraffin gauze, hydrocapillary dressing, hydrocolloid dressing, knitted viscose dressing, polyurethane dressings, and protease modulating matrix dressing. The evidence in this area is of low quality. There was no difference in healing outcomes between hydrocellular foam dressing and polyuredan foam dressing (three
This review included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) and etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. The results for disease exacerbation and AEs between the COX-2 inhibitors celecox
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials in which people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment arms) that compare topical antimicrobial treatments with non-antimicrobial treatments. We found 22 trials that met our inclusion criteria with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared zinc supplementation in children with or without pneumonia. We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% (fixed-effect risk ratio (RR) 0.59; 95% CI 0.35 to 0.94, six studies, low-quality evidence) and prevalence of pneumonia in children by 41% (random-effects RR 0.87; 95- confidence interval
Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or prevalence of symptoms of acute lRTI. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of diarrhoeal illnesses in one study; an increase in cough and fever in two studies; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the effectiveness of the use of vitamin
Twenty randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. These studies compared theophylline with placebo or a combination of bronchodilator plus a corticosteroid (oral and inhaled) in people with moderate to severe COPD. Most of the studies were conducted in the United States and Europe. The average duration of treatment ranged from one to four weeks. Theophyllines were given in combination with a variety of different bronch
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide treatment. Most children (82%) were able to tolerate a partial serving
We included four randomised controlled trials involving a total of 579 participants. We found no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment (very low quality evidence). No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after diagnosis in participants implanted with ILR. However, this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydrocele) and surgery (120 patients with 123 hydrocely). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There was no
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. There was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. We included 21 studies with 2658 randomised participants. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included
In this updated review, we identified 40 new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and seven ongoing studies. In total, we included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), second-generation anti-psychotic drugs (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amit
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. We also found differences in the reporting of possible risk and associated factors for fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks or associated factors, because we could not conduct a
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (number of studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.75, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.63) but not in total mortality. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone
Five studies were included in this review. All of them investigated educational approaches. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR
This review included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this revision of the review. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a drug that does not change the levels of glucose in the blood) to high-dose rGH (0.5mg/kg
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared removal from exposure and reduction of exposure to continued exposure. We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants that reported on three comparisons: complete removal from the workplace and reduced exposure compared to continuing exposure, and complete removal of the workplace compared to reduced exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs
The review included six trials (n = 1758). Trial participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There was a clinically significant reduction in 'drug burden', measured as P
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared social skills training with standard care. We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programs compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for people receiving social skills compared to people receiving standard care (relapse: 2 RCTs, n = 263, RR
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline, who were randomly allocated to one of three treatment arms: pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly peglativease infusion or placebo infusion (placebo infusion alternating with placebo infusion once a week), or no treatment at all. We found moderate-quality evidence from one study, at low risk of all biases, that biweekly pegl
The search identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of definite NEC (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0 to 1.25; typical risk difference (RD
Five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) compared no additional treatment with additional chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy. Four trials compared platinum based combination chemotherapy directly with radiotherapy and one trial compared chemotherapy with no treatment at all. The overall survival benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy was significantly greater than the overall survival advantage from chemotherapy alone. Postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included. We found no clinical difference between the two treatments in terms of completion of treatment, 16 studies 1381 participants, risk ratio (RR) 1.08 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.97 to 1.21); number of participants abstinent at follow-up, three studies, 386 participants RR 0.98 ( 95% CI 0.70 to 0.37); degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms and
This review found nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity.
We included fourteen studies. Duration ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to trials lasting over three months. When compared to other typical antipsychotics we found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness (doctors' 4 RCTs n=150, RR 1.13, CI 0.69 to 1.86; nurses 4RCTsn=146). Molindone is no more or less likely than typical drugs to cause
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone and tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies, as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiosp
Twelve randomised controlled trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United Arab Emirates. The evidence is current to June 2016. The studies
We searched the medical literature for studies of inhaled steroids in COPD. We found fifty-five studies with 16,154 participants. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in patients with COPD, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality in patients in the long-term studies.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%); a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. NSAIDs appeared to be a very effective treatment
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies that used high levels of high-PEEP
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from the review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies (RR 1
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). Compared to no treatment, the evidence is current to June 2016. Rheam officinal had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of
We searched the medical literature for studies comparing IQCODE test accuracy in general hospital settings and in specialist memory settings. We included 13 studies, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia). We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-item test, or in the language of administration. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5%
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, that compared lamivudine and HBIg with other antiviral drugs for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. Large randomised trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of
We searched the medical literature for studies involving 1019 participants who were followed between three months to 10 years (1060 randomised). All studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (SU) with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at
We searched the literature for studies that compared social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) and 63 studies (42,784 participants) in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. The evidence is current to March 2016. We found that social norms intervention reduced binge drinking
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared the provision of hip precautions with versus without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to functional activities. The study did not measure pain score, HRQOL, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. Due to the
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant management and gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists in women with endometriosis. We found three trials that looked at the effect of LNG on the recurrence of painful periods. In two trials, there was a statistically significant reduction in the number of women reporting a change in menstruation in the LNG group compared with expect
We searched the literature for studies that compared the effects of different types of interventions on the consumption and selection of foods and beverages of people in high-income countries. We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings, with adult participants (14/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24).
We searched the medical literature for studies that evaluated the effect of occupational PEP on HIV seroconversion. We found only one study that compared the effects of PEP with placebo in people who had been exposed to HIV. Only one case-control study was included. This study showed that people who received PEP had significantly lower odds of having taken zidovudine after exposure compared to people who did not receive PEP. However, discontinuation rates were not significantly different
This review found that CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed a small improvement in mood immediately following treatment compared with an active control. There is no need for more general
We searched the literature for studies that assessed the effects of government-level interventions for dietary sodium reduction. We identified 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met the inclusion criteria. Ten of the 10 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post- intervention, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland)
We identified 18 studies, but only seven met the inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Amitriptyline, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa (Prolopa®) (one study) and tryptophan were compared with placebo. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. The use of preventive
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared immunonutrition with additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants in adults with ARDS. We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplemental omega-based supplements with no intervention. The studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as having
This review found 33 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Two included participant interviews. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.
We searched the medical databases for studies that assessed the effectiveness of nocturnal supervision in preventing SUDEP in people with epilepsy. We found 582 records from the databases and searched other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract) for inclusion in the review. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained
This review identified 21 studies that compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance techniques. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six of the seven included studies measured forced
Twenty five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. Based on thirteen studies, psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in achieving clinical response at post-treatment (RR 0.64, 95%CI 0.55 to 0.74), and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. Six studies compared CBT against
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared progestogen supplementation with placebo or no treatment in women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages. We found 12 trials with a total of 1,856 women. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. Eight of the included
In total, we included 14 studies with 1298 participants: nine studies (704 participants) compared CM vs. control, and five studies (594 participants) combined CM and MIB interventions. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The included studies rarely measured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 participants, moderate quality evidence), maternal toxicity at
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared the transradial approach to the transfemoral approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD. We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The evidence is current to June 2016. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. The quality of the evidence was moderate for short-term adverse events (i.e. assessed during hospital
We identified two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in the interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to conduct a meta-analysis
This review identified three well-conducted randomised trials with 1166 randomised women in three trials. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free outcomes. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis, but other measures of toxicity did not differ between the two types
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo, the other two studies compared placebo with CrP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons comparing different antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparations for wound healing by secondary intention. The studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). For the latter, three interventions were evaluated - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and selecting high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' procedure - each intervention in a single small study. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for ter
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a
We searched for randomised controlled trials assessing neonatal screening in CF. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. We found six trials with a total of 2,091,483 newborns. The studies were of different design, outcomes reported and summary measures and only data from one study were analysed. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better among screened participants; 33%
We searched the medical literature up to July 2015 for trials comparing 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in people with diabetes. We found five trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower" (< 120 mmHg) or'standard" (< 140 mmHG) systolic
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared non-removable casts with removable pressure-relieving devices. We found 14 studies (709 participants) with a total of 366 participants. Seven studies (366 participants) compared the use of removable pressure relief devices with removable casts, while two studies (98 participants) found that significantly more ulcers healed with dressings alone. One study compared two different types of casts with no discernable difference between the groups. The other study compared
Five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) describing six interventions (comprising a total of 235 participants) met the eligibility criteria for the review. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100), two of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation and one of physical activity intervention were identified. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed-
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials of chlorpromazine and piperacetazine in people with schizophrenia. We found 12 records referring to six trials. We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpramazine and Piperacetazine. No clear difference was observed
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The trials were conducted in the United States, Australia, France, Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2014. The colorectoral stent was used in the treatment of malignant bowel obstruction in malignant colon cancer. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing human albumin (seven studies) or HES (two RCTs), or mannitol (one RCT) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. There was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. However, there was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial (Peto
Ten studies involving 484 patients were included. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any one sclerosing agent used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, but the agents studied showed superiority to a normal saline placebo. The evidence did not suggest that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetrade
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. We found evidence that several commonly used therapies, such as salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline, can reduce serum potassium levels in people with hyperkalaemia. However, there is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions such as IV calcium or potassium binding resins. The evidence is current to May 2015. The effectiveness of pharmacological interventions
Thirty-nine studies, enrolling 4216 participants, were included in this review, however only 30 studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be meta-analysed. Studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduced CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies:
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre-emptive treatment with placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care) in solid organ transplant recipients. We identified 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of these studies, six investigated pre-evolving treatment versus placebo, eight looked at antiviral treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-prescription. We found six studies (288 participants
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. All three studies compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo. No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from
Our search identified 62 studies, of which 19 (440 participants) met the inclusion criteria. Five randomised controlled studies (192 participants) were included in the meta-analysis; three were of cross-over design. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination protocol for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence was of low quality. The low quality evidence showed that the short duration of the incubation period was associated with an increased ongoing pregnancy rate and a higher clinical pregnancy rate compared to the standard procedure. However, there was no
In five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak [typical RR 1.26 (1.25, 1.59), RD 0.13 (0.07, 0.20), NNT 8 (5, 14)]. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Long ITs were associated with an increase in mortality before hospital discharge that reached borderline statistical significance. However, the increased
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the treatment, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Due to methodological and clinical diversity, quantitative pooling could only be performed for
We identified 38 eligible trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, the retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. There was no good evidence that the addition of a
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving children aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. We found 19 studies, reported in 27 papers with a total of 1453 participants. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. The evidence is current to June 2016. The results
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored women’s experiences of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context, service design and provision (24 findings, 15 moderate- or high-confidence); and what matters to women and staff (17 findings, 11
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials of calcium antagonists in patients with aneurysmal SAH. We found 16 trials, involving 3361 patients, that compared calcium antagonists with standard treatment with nimodipine. Calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia and showed a favourable trend for case fatality. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. The results for 'poor outcome
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of myeloablative therapy for high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three studies including 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of the treatment group with no further treatment (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95
We searched the medical literature for randomised clinical trials that compared TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone in people with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. We found eight randomised controlled trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of women ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up
No randomised controlled trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both
We searched the medical literature for studies comparing two-dimensional ultrasound with an anatomical landmark technique for subclavian (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein (success on the first attempt) cannulation for central vein catheterization. We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). Most of the studies had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. The quality of evidence
Fifteen studies were included using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people, used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, administered a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used a verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo at 6, 12 and 24 weeks. There was no difference between physost
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with a history of stroke, and one trial recruited participants who had a mix of people with CVD. We found that fibrates were moderately effective for preventing stroke, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death (risk ratio (RR) 0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI)
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) that met the inclusion criteria and contributed data to the analysis. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The quality of evidence was also as assessed using GRADE. The evidence
We searched the medical literature for studies comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that compared the effectiveness and safety of the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety was not well established. We did not find any studies assessing the effectiveness of the drug in preventing, treating and shortening
This review included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing intrauterine insemination (IUI) and in two studies women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared intentional injury in the cycle prior to IUI with intentional end
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared professional oral care with usual oral care in nursing home residents. We included four studies (3905 participants), all of which were at high risk of bias. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most
Five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 149 participants met the inclusion criteria. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo), budesonide versus placebo, mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate (5 mg or 10 mg/day) versus placebo. The study which assessed mesalamide versus mesalamphetamine plus choline (
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes who were not using insulin. The duration of the studies ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one study compared SMMG with SMUG, one trial was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with standard care and one study was a two-arm trial comparing less intensive SMBG versus more intensive
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy plus standard maintenance, and 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' with incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies compared antibiotics to a placebo. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to
We included five trials (162 randomised participants); three were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. One trial (N
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested a placebo. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life
We identified seven new studies in this update. We excluded six, and one study is ongoing so also not included in this review. This review contains a total of 62 included studies, with 4241 participants. The evidence is current to March 2016. The review shows that morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. The effectiveness of oral morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. The quality of
We searched the medical literature up to July 2015 for studies that compared open surgery versus steroid injections for the treatment of trigger finger. We included 14 studies, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 931 participants were included in this review. All three trials compared different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two studies compared oral montelukast against placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were
This review included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three clinical trials (CCTs) involving 1291 children with CVCs. Of the six included RCTs/CCTs, five investigated the prevention of VTE compared with no intervention (n = 737), and one CCT compared AT supplementation and LMWH with AT supplementation. All studies investigated the prevalence of major and/or minor bleeding episodes, and none found a significant difference between study groups.
Three trials with a total of 287 participants operated on for Type I or II TAAA were included. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 participants. Our primary outcomes of interest were as follows: Participant-rated global improvement, Percentage of participants reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. In one RCT of NB-UVB compared with oral PU
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials of people with faecal incontinence and found twenty-one eligible studies with a total of 1525 participants. We found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone or exercises alone. However, there was not enough evidence as to determine whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sac
This review identified 39 randomised controlled trials. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The evidence is current to March 2016. The review found that there was no clear evidence that using a catheter postoperatively reduces the risk of urinary tract infection or recatheterisation. However, there were some differences in the length of time that the catheter was used and the number of people who needed to be recathheterised.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared an adjunctive treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as a treatment (754 participants), and one study compared the same treatment to haloperidine (347
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics versus systemic antibiotics alone (n = 56 participants) and one CCT that compared ethanol lock treatment (n=15 participants) versus systemic antibiotic alone. No RCTs or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. The cohort studies identified no adverse events; some cohort
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials with a total of 348 participants. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activating was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term [RR 0.79 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 1.06)] but not long-term follow-
This review identified 49 studies and pieces of literature that met the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, and formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, and which is presented in appendices to this review. There is insufficient rigorous evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group (using the IRLSSS: MD -7.0; 95% CI -9.69 to -4.16). Quality of life scores also improved in the group compared to
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials involving 1022 adults with dorsally displaced and potentially or evidently unstable distal radial fractures. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably,
We searched the medical literature for studies that compared early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation with late removal. We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared the effect of early and late removal of stents. The evidence is current to March 2016. The results of the included studies suggest that early stent removal may reduce the incidence of urinary tract infections (UTIs) while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. However,
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with filling. The final study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). The evidence is current to March 2018. The evidence for crowns compared to non-restorative caries
This review included 28 studies involving 788 children and adults with CF. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask
Four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD met the inclusion criteria and were used in the meta-analyses. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (RR 1.29, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials of pharmacological interventions for heart failure in people with CKD. We found 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported disaggregated and extractable data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in
This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference
We included two trials involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.28 to 5.60; 30 participants; P < 0.00001), half venous refilling time (MD 4.40 seconds,
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared hyaluronan/hylan and placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials included comparisons of intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six trials included compared of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), three trials included clinical trials of physical therapy, two trials included comparison of exercise, one trial included comparisons with arthroscopy, and fifteen trials included trials of other hyal
Ten randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants fulfilled our inclusion criteria and were included in this review. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual misopropol versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic therapy
This review identified six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared short-term cysteine supplementation with N-acetylcysteine chloride supplementation in preterm infants. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. One large multicenter RCT evaluated the benefits and harms of long-term supplementation of short- and short-short-term natal cysteines in extremely low birth weight infants (≤ 1000 grams). Growth was not significantly affected
We identified 77 trials including 6287 participants that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people with diabetes and one trial included people
In total, 1282 participants with MCI at baseline were identified in the 15 included studies of which 1172 had analysable data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found three single-centre, two-arm RCTs involving 170 men. The studies
We included 7 new observational studies in this update, bringing the total number to 14, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 study subjects. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. The evidence is current to March 2017. We found no evidence that maternal exposure of any potencies of topical steroids increased the risk of low birth weight, congenital abnormalities
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with no topical corticosteroid and with topical steroid. We found four RCTs that met the inclusion criteria of this review. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 450 participants. We found no evidence from RCTs that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included in the review one randomised controlled trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. No evidence suggested that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.69, 127 participants, 1 study, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. Eleven of the scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. Inter-rater reliability was evaluated for eight scoring indices. Three of the indices underwent content validation. Two of the included scoring indices
We included three randomised trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing (standard mean difference 0.28, 95% CI
We included 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 participants: eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The evidence is current to June 2016. The risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.
This review included four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials, (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) that compared B-sitosterols with placebo. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-stosterols and one utilized a preparation that contained 100% b-sitosteryl-B-D-Glucoside. B-Sitosterols improved urinary symptom scores and flow measures. They did not significantly reduce prostate size compared to placebo.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. We combined individual patient data from the two largest studies (SNS: 25,180 and SMART: 26,355), as all the asthma-related deaths in adults occurred in these studies. All-cause
Two studies enrolled preterm infants with respiratory distress. Neither study reported any significant benefits in neonatal morbidity or mortality from use of thyroid hormones. Amato (1988) allocated infants to L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose at 1 and at 24 hours or no treatment. A meta-analysis of two studies (80 infants) found no significant difference in mortality to discharge (typical RR 1.64, 95% CI 0.47, 2.14). Am
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. We found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. However, we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis because of the high risk of bias in the assessment of the remaining outcomes. The review found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the remaining
In this 2019 update, 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) were eligible; 45 studies contributed data to our meta-analyses (2698 participants). Treatments included bisphosphonates, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. Most studies were
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared magnesium with placebo for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Four trials involving 317 people met the inclusion criteria. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 to 20 mmol/day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. Only one trial measured
We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials involving 3057 people with acute rhinosinusitis. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy in patients with resectable carcinoma of the stomach. We found eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) that met the inclusion criteria. Data for OS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection, with no difference in postoperative mortality
Thirteen studies, 1158 participants, met the criteria for inclusion in this review. Results come from single studies. The findings of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The studies conducted have not allowed for an adequate evaluation of oral n
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of modifying the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in people with dementia. We included two studies that examined modification to fluids. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. The second study compared the effect of n
Six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates (OR 0.52 95% CI 0.46 to 1.01, two studies, 425 women, I2= 0%, moderate quality evidence). The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IV
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this analysis. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. Participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups: those who received virtual reality and those who did not. Control groups usually received no intervention or therapy based on a standard-care approach. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or custom
We identified five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1330 participants that met the inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low
