This review of 38 randomised studies of 7843 children and their carers found that children who were taught to go to hospital for an acute flare-up of their asthma can reduce the number of times they need to be cared for in hospital. There is not yet a clear answer as to what type, or how long, the duration of education is most effective in reducing the need for children to spend time in the hospital.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2017. We found 130 RCTs with 8341 patients. The types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth removal, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint surgery, arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, cancer surgery, radical prostate surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. Most of the patients included in the studies were women of child- and adult-aged surgery, and most of them were undergoing surgery on the ears or nose. The average age of patients ranged from 31 to 44 years old, and the mean age of participants ranged from 27 to 31 years old. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2017. The majority of studies were of low or very low quality. The risk of bias in most of the studies was low, except for one, which was the use of nitrous oxide (a drug that is thought to increase blood pressure). The quality of the evidence was very low for most outcomes. This was mainly due to the small number of participants in each study, and because most studies had fewer than 50 people per treatment group. The quality was high for pain at rest, pain at 24 hours, pain during movement, and pain at 48 hours, but low for pain after 24 hours and at 96 hours.
The MSP/RESA vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 (MSP2 variant-specific) in children with blood-stage malaria. It is not clear if this effect would be maintained if the vaccine was used in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). The results of this review show that blood-phase vaccines may play a role in the control of malaria, and that they may even reduce the number of episodes of malaria.
Four randomised controlled trials, with 125 people, were included in the review. Three of the studies looked at the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one of them, the effect of a type of electrotherapy known as 'across the bone' (ACE). Most of the people in the studies had a tibia (shin bone) that had not healed in a fixed time point. All four of the trials compared the use of electrical field stimulation to see if it helped to help heal the damaged bone. One trial found that it did not help the bone to heal in a similar way to the one that had healed in the first one. One study found that people had more pain when they had had their bone fixed in order to look for a healed bone. Two of the other three trials found that the bone was not fixed in the same way in both people who had the same bone and those who had not. One of the four studies found that in people whose bone had been fixed in place, it was just as painful as if the bone had not been put back in place at all. No serious side effects from the electrical fields were found in any of the included trials. More research is needed to find out if there is a role for this type of stimulation in the treatment of these injuries.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 12 randomised trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine of the 12 trials were of high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance) and the other one was of low risk of play of play (as there was a low chance that the true effect would be different). Nine trials compared drain (915 patients) with no drain (916 patients). The average age of patients ranged from 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The percentage of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were more deaths in the drain group than the no drain group (0.1% and 0.2%) in the short-term (less than 14 days after surgery) in the ten trials that reported this outcome. There was also no difference between the drain and no drain groups in the percentage of patients who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopy (laparoscopical surgery on the first day of post-surgery life) (1.2% and 31.4%). The length of time that patients spent in hospital was similar in both groups. The quality of life of the patients who received drain or no drain was better than that of those who received no drain in one trial involving 100 patients. The average length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) in one of the other than the ICU in one included in the other trial was 5.0 days. The operating time was significantly longer in the drains group than in the no drains group (by about five hours). There were no differences in the rate of adverse events in each group (12/646 per 1000 patients) or in the number of people who had an adverse event (6/640 per 1000 participants) in any of the two groups. We are not able to make any conclusions as to whether drain is safe and whether it is better than no drain. There is a need for more research in this area.
Forty-nine randomised trials with 3639 participants were included in this review. All of the trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self-hypoxia (a type of herbal medicine that is claimed to be safe) Chinese herbal medicines. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. There were no well-conducted trials that looked at the safety of herbal medicines for the treatment of diabetes. Most of the studies were of poor or very low quality. Based on these results, we do not know if herbal medicines are safe for diabetes.
We found five small, short-term (three-week) RCTs (involving 1382 patients) trials that compared these drugs in advanced prostate cancer. We did not find any trials that looked at the effects of these drugs on survival or cancer recurrence, but we did find one trial that compared IAS to CAS, which was large. We found that IAS was as effective as CAS for controlling the cancer, but had slightly fewer side-effects. There were no data from the trials that could tell us whether IAS is better or worse than CAS for any of the outcomes that we looked at.
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance) with a total of 7,119 women. The evidence is current to April 2015. Five of the included trials randomised women with an IUD to either early or late use of the IUD. One of them compared the use of an intrauterine device (IUD) right after the birth of the baby, the Lippes Loop IUD, or the implantable IUD and found that women who had their IUD right after their birth were more than twice as likely to have an early IUD compared to those whose IUD was left in place longer. In one of the trials, the same group of women had a later IUD than those who had an earlier IUD; in the second, more women in the earlier group had a more late IUD while in the later group more women had an initial IUD that was placed right after birth of their child. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Evidence from one trial randomised to the levonorgestrel IUD or the tetracyclin IUD showed that more people in the first IUD group stopped using the device due to pregnancy than those in the delay group. However, at six months later, the rate of IUD use was higher for the women who used their IUC right after they had their first IUC. Evidence was of moderate quality.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at meditation in haematologically-diseased patients with leukaemia. We found one RCT that met our criteria, but unfortunately we did not find any data. We are not able to draw any conclusions from this review due to the lack of data available. The one trial we found was small and had a high risk of bias, so we judged the quality of evidence as very low. There was a high drop-out rate (i.e. the number of patients who dropped out of the trial) and an unclear risk for reporting bias, bias and bias due to lack of reporting of data. This means we do not know if meditation would help us to decide whether or not to use these results. The quality of the evidence was very low for all predefined outcomes. This was due to a lack of information and the small size of the included trial.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of the parents of a varicella case. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Two of the three trials had high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way they were run or reported). We identified high-risk participants in one of the trials and low-risk patients in the other. We assessed both trials as being at a high risk of systematic bias. We were not able to pool their results as the data were too different from each other for us to be able to analyse them. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varices; 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%) had variceslla. In the three studies, most participants received PEP within three days of exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to the varices, and it is not possible to say whether or not they would have received the vaccine if they had not been given the vaccine. No evidence was found to support the routine use of varices in healthy children. No adverse events were reported in the studies. We did not find any trials for children younger than five years of age.
We found 12 RCTs (involving 4704 participants) that looked at the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in gastric warts to see if it reduced the rate of infections. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of overestimating the true effect of the antibiotics or their lack of effect because of the way they were conducted) and all were small in size and had a high number of participants. With the exception of one trial in which all the patients had MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA in the people undergoing surgery. There were no serious adverse events in any of the 561 people that were randomised to the different antibiotic regimens in four trials (three trials that reported deaths and one other trial). None of the other outcomes that we looked at, such as the quality of life of the patients, the length of stay in hospital or the amount of time that they spent in hospital, were reported in the trials. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, the percentage of people who developed SSIs was lower in the group that received antibiotics with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with the control group. In two other trials that assessed other types of infections other than MRSA, 19/478 (4.5%) people had an SSI, while in the other infections (SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia) were reported. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an adverse event in either. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that giving antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to patients undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA infection.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-RCTs that compared planned home care with hospital care for PPROM. We found two trials (116 women) that met our criteria. The number of women in each trial was too few and the size of the study was too small for us to be able to assess their results. There was no difference in the rates of death of the baby within the first 28 days of life (perinatal mortality) in one of the trials and there was not enough data to be sure whether the other trials were the same. This was not clear in the second trial as the numbers of women enrolled and the fact that more than half of them were not included in the trial meant that we were not able to make a meaningful assessment of this trial. However, there was some data that showed that in the home care group, the mother was more likely to have a caesarean section, however, results are based on results from only one trial (35%) and we are not sure if this would be the case in other countries where this may not be common. In one trial, the mothers who received care at home spent 10 days less days as inpatients (14.59 to -4.61) and were more satisfied with their care. Home care was associated with reduced costs (about US$1.6m). There is a need for more research in this area.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most often compared are not-absorbable stents and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. It is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), stents may have a different effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If the stents are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of green or black tea for the prevention of CVD. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. Of the 11 trials, seven looked at a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed in four of the trials. Currently, one RCT is looking at the effect of green tea powder. The results of the review show that tea has favourable effects on lipid levels in the blood (LDL) and blood pressure (SBP) in the short term (up to six months) and the long term (more than 12 months) as well as on the risk of heart disease events (i.e. heart attack or stroke). Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, cancer in the prostate area, hospitalisation for flu, liver transplantation and detachment of the retina. However, adverse events were not reported in five of the six trials. There are very few long-term studies to date looking at different types of tea for preventing CVD and they are all of short term use. There is a need for longer-term follow-up in order to confirm the effects of tea on lipid and blood pressures.
The purpose of this review was to see if azathioprine, a drug commonly used for the control of asthma, would be useful in reducing the amount of steroids patients take during the first three tricyclic exacerbations. Two small, short-term randomised trials (involving 23 participants) were found that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and the methods used in the results assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalising to the issue of the need to stop the use of the drug and reduce the dose of steroids. Currently there is a clear lack of good evidence to recommend the use or lack of use of AZA in the treatment of asthma. This is an update of the original Cochrane review first published in 2007. An update search in August 2010 did not find any new studies for review.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2009. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of exercise on tiredness in adults with cancer. We found 28 RCTs (4068 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. The findings of the updated review have enabled us to make a more precise conclusion to be made in favour of exercise for tiredness during and after-treatments for people with cancer-related tiredness. This is an updated version of the review. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adult patients (16 to 65 years of age) with early unfavourable and advanced HL (stage HL) that compared BEACOPP with ABVD or GSM-HD. We found five RCTs with 3427 patients. The age of the patients was not reported, and it was not clear if they were followed up for the rest of their lives. Two of the trials were co-conducted in Germany, the other three trials were conducted in Italy and the EORTC 20012 trial was conducted in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS) and was high for other outcomes, as the patients and their doctors knew which treatment arm the patient had been in. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. When we combined the data from the RCT (2011) we found that when we added the results from the new trial (20012) we were able to show that patients with advanced HL will live longer if they are treated with beacopP or ABVD. This means that after five years only 144 (121 to 168) of 168) patients will be alive in the treatment arm, while 250 patients in the ABVD arm will live for at least five years. However, we are not sure if this is true for patients with more advanced HL. We are very uncertain about the safety of the increased risk of MDS or AML. The observation time of the studies included in the review was too short to show a difference in the rates of these two cancers, but it is likely that they would not have been seen until around 15 years after the end of treatment. Five of the five trials reported adverse events and the analysis showed that the increased incidence of some blood cancers (anaemia: 2425 patients; neutropenia: 519 patients; thrombocytopenia; blood cancers; blood cancer; infections); infections; and bone cancer; ischemic; ischaemic; and liver cancer); ischemia; and oesophageal cancer; arechaemia; and acute myomectomy; there is a need for more treatment with platelet-rich stem cell transplantation. We were not able to analyse the quality of the evidence as we did not have enough data.
We found 15 RCTs (involving 1835 cancer and prostate cancer patients) that met our criteria for the review. All of the studies took place in high-income countries and most of them were aimed at breast cancer patients (eight trials) or prostate cancer participants (two trials). Most of the trials involved psychosocial-educational programmes that taught patients to self-manage their self care skills and/or taught them to use them in everyday life. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised studies on the use of these programmes in patients with cancer. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance) and nine studies to be of a low risk of systematic error (low risk of random error). We found that the rates of RTW of people with cancer who received psycho-educative programmes were approximately the same as those who received care as usual. We also found that those patients who received multidisciplinary programmes showed higher RTW rates than those who were offered care as normal. We found no difference in the quality of life of people who received these programmes. In one study breast cancer participants were offered a physical training programme. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from low to very low.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of the CTG in labour. We found four RCTs with a total of more than 13,000 women. All four trials took place in the UK and Ireland. Three of the trials were funded by the hospitals where the studies took place and one of them was sponsored by the UK government. The evidence is up to date as of 23 November 2015. We did not find any new trials in this update of the original Cochrane review in 2012. Overall, the quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The studies were at a low risk of bias, which means that the true results are likely to be close to the truth. There was no difference in the rates of caesarean and perinatal deaths in the two groups of trials. The data did not have the power to show a clear effect on the rate of death of the baby within the first 28 days of life. There were no differences in the number of seizures in the neonate. The findings of this review did not show a benefit for low risk women who were low risk on admission to labour labour. The use of CTG is likely to lead to an increase in the risk of having a cephalic or breech birth, but we are not sure if it has an important effects on the health of the mother or her baby. The results of this systematic review are based on four trials with a small sample size. We are unable to make any conclusions at this time, as we did not identify any new randomised controlled trial (involving just one trial with 2367 women) or at 12 months of age. The quality ranged from very low to moderate. The main reasons for downgrading the results of the review were imprecision (incidence of bias) and a lack of blinding (i.e. women and their healthcare providers knew which group the woman was in).
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2015. We found 32 RCTs that randomised 3666 women (total 3666) with IVF or ICSI treatment to be analysed. We were not able to pool any of the results because each of the studies used the same methods. Most of the trials (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision (i.e. not all of the data could be pooled) and poor reporting of the methods used in the trials. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of any particular culture medium. An optimal embryo culture medium is important for the growth of the embryo and the success of IVF/ICSI treatments. There is a need for more randomised trials to be done.
The purpose of this Cochrane review was to see if there were any good evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on this topic. Unfortunately we did not find any RCTs that looked at this topic and so we were not able to draw any conclusions. However, if an RCT was to be done, it would be unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time (such as the first consultation) as well as to blind them to the choice of treatment (i.e. surgery or chemotherapy) they would be assigned to the treatment group in a random way. This would, in theory, reduce bias and bias due to the fact that the patients and the healthcare providers knew which group the patient would be in. It would, on the other hand, reduce the number of patients who would have to wait for the cancer to be assessed in order to get the correct treatment. This is an ethical dilemma which should be explored to inform future practice. This Cochrane systematic review was first published in 2004 and the evidence is current to February 2015.
We included 17 RCTs with 1006 randomised participants with NSCP. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. All of the trials were of short duration (three months or less) and involved adults aged 18 to 25 years of age with NCP. We did not include one new trial, which was an update of the one that we found the last time we searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for this Cochrane review. We found that in the first three months after the treatment, there was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain. This was maintained from three to nine months later. There was a reduction in the number of days in which the patient had no chest pain up to three months later, but this was not shown to be an effect of the therapy itself. However, the evidence for other short-term (three-month) interventions was less clear. Due to differences in the methods used in each of the studies, it was not clear if the participants knew which group they were in. In addition, in three of the three studies, the therapist and patient were aware of which group the patient was in (i.e. the intervention group or the control group). This could have biased the results in a way that could bias the results of the trial. In general, the quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcome measures used in the trials. The results of this review are based on a total of 17 trials, with the one new study (the first of which we identified in a wide search of medical databases in March 2015) contributing 113 participants to the review. The findings of the review are limited due to the variation in the outcomes that we looked at in the studies.
This Cochrane Review summarised and meta-analysed evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of topical anthistamines and mast cell stabilisers for the control of hay fever in adults. We found 30 RCTs with a total of 4344 people with hay fever. Most of the trials (16/30) were of short duration (ranging from one to eight weeks) and used a range of drugs or treatments (nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, bepotastine besilate, antazoline and tetryzoline, levocabastine, pemirolast potassium). There was some evidence to show that topical treatment with an anthistamine or mast cell (or both) can reduce the symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis in the short term (i.e. over the course of one to four weeks) when compared with placebo. There was no long-term data on the effects of these drugs. There were no serious adverse events in the trials.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effects of interventions that aim to reduce the use of smoking in Indigenous youth. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the impact of interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use. We found two RCTs that met our criteria. One of the studies was based in the USA and the other was from South Africa. Both of the trials were of high or unclear risk of bias (that is, there was a possibility of bias due to the way the study was run or reported). One study was conducted in the US and one in the UK; both of these were of low or unclear quality and both were funded by the US government. In one of the first, the funding source was not specified. In the second, the source of the funding was not stated. In both of the second and third studies, funding sources were not reported. We were not able to pool the results of the study in a meta-analyses due to inconsistency in the reporting of the results. No difference was found in the rate of weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one trial (skills-community group and the control group) (risk ratio [RR] 0.95, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.14; skills-only group and control group). In the other trial (n = 42 weeks) no differences were found between the skills-community arm and the controls (n=42 weeks) (RR 0.93, 95%; n = 0.67; n = 1.30). Whilst the first trial showed an increase in the number of people who smoked at 42 weeks, the second trial showed no effect on the rate at six months. Both trials showed an increased rate of smoking at post test in the group of those who received the intervention and no change in the other group of participants in the first six months of the trial. Whilst both trials showed positive changes for smoking in the intervention arm at post-test, this was not maintained at six month, as the change was not seen in the control arm. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area. This review highlights the paucity of evidence and the need for further studies in the area. The current evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials on this topic in April 2017. We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) that met our criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias (i.e. there were few events for most of the reported outcomes). The RCT reported no deaths of the mother or her baby in the first 28 days of life. Evidence from one RCT of very low quality suggests that prophylactic blood transfusion confers no clear benefit when given to the mother of a healthy baby (compared to the woman who received the transfusion) at term. There was no clear difference in the risk of death of the baby or the mother's heart or in the baby's lungs, or the need for ventilator ventilators. Low- or very low-quality data from one trial with very low numbers of women showed that the use of blood transfusions at term to prevent blood loss to the babies' blood was no more or less effective than when the transfusions were made at the time of birth. Currently, there is no evidence from RCTs to guide us on the best time to give blood to prevent transfusions for women with other types of sickle cells. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised trials (involving a total of 6197 patients) that looked at the use of fibrin sealant for liver resection. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and executed) and all were small in size. We summarised the data from more than one trial. A total of 5771 participants from 64 randomised clinical trials were included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were mostly of small sample size. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. We found that the number of patients who received a blood transfusion (more than one transfusion) was higher with low central venous pressure than with the clamp-crush method. The amount of blood transfused (blood transfusion amount (new frozen plasma) was lower with fibr in sealant than with control; and blood loss, the length of stay in hospital, and the amount of time that the surgery took to do the surgery were lower with low Central venous pressures than with other methods. None of the trials looked at health-related quality of life or the time it took to return to work. We were not able to assess the quality of the studies as most of them were very small and did not use methods that we were most likely to use. We are not confident in the results of this review due to lack of data.
Twenty-three randomised trials, with a total of 724 patients, were included in this review. There is, however, no standardised method for assessing the effect of any of the treatments for PPP, and it is not clear what the best way to treat PPP would be. There are many treatments that can be used to treat people with PPP and, although some are safe, they do not seem to work well in the long term. The use of steroids under hydrocolloid occlusion (i.e. under the skin) in conjunction with an antifungal drug, such as ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy, has been shown to be effective in the short term in the treatment of PPP. However, the use of topical steroids in the form of PUVA or hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) in the first three to five days after surgery is not recommended.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood blood pressures-lowing effects of loop duretics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mm hg/ -4.4 (-5.9 to 2.8) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to side-effects and serum blood pressure changes did not show a significant difference. We did not find any additional RCTs in 2012 and 2014, which found no additional trials that met our inclusion criteria. The quality of evidence was low due to the high risk of bias of the trials and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We found 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants (1558 of whom underwent laparoscopic cholecystectomy) and 1291 participants (1291 of whom had laparoscopy) provided data for one or more of the outcomes. Most of the participants in the trials were low anaesthetists or laparopaedic surgeons. There were many differences in the method of local anaesthetic instillation (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both) as well as the time and date of the surgery. There was no death in either group in eight of the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetics group and 0/210 (0% in the control group). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no serious side-effects in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesia instillation. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The length of hospital stay in the two groups was 0.04 days. Pain was lower in the participant group that had local anaectomy at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We identified 74 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at RCTs to see if they could tell us which type of RCT was the best to use for the treatment of P. falciparum malaria. We grouped the studies by the antigens that they looked at (i.e. whether they were from the USA, South Africa, or Brazil). We also looked at the quality of the studies that they used to show us which tests were the best. We were able to use the data from 73% of the included studies. We found that all RDTs can be used to tell us whether or not we have malaria, and they can tell us if we have or do not have malaria. For example, we found that for pLDH antibody-based tests (such as the Type 1 tests) the test was more accurate than the rCTs, but the differences were small. For Type 5 tests (which are used to determine if there is malaria in the blood stream) the tests were more accurate, but we did not have enough data to be sure that they were more or less accurate. Overall, we were not able to tell if we had missed any cases of malaria in people with malaria.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the impact of altering the length of consultation with the primary care physician. We found five RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. All of them were conducted in the UK, and assessed short-term changes in the duration of consultation. We are uncertain about the results of this review due to the very low-certainty of the results. It is not clear if the changes in consultation length resulted in better or worse patient care. None of the studies reported on the effects of the changes on the use of resources used. We did not find any good- or bad-evidence-based data. We need more high-quality trials that look at the effect of the change in appointment length on patient care and health-care costs.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of high dose versus low dose of stavudine for patients with HIV. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 157 patients. All three RCTs were conducted in the USA, two in the UK and one each in Spain, the Netherlands and the Netherlands. The number of patients in each trial ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The quality of the trials was not high as most of them were small and at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a systematic error in the design of the trial that could lead to bias). There was no difference in virologic suppression in any of the three trials. There was an increased risk of high blood acid (hypoglycemia) in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 trial. This was not seen in the low dose arm. No participants in the other two trials stopped treatment due to side-effects. Currently, it is not clear if the use of high or low dose is better or worse than that of low dose. No conclusions can be drawn as to which is the best way to reduce the amount of HIV virus in the blood of people with HIV and their use of antifungal drugs.
We found 10 randomised trials with 1658 patients. Six of the 10 trials (1370 patients) used the 'open lung ventilator' strategy as part of an open lung treatment programme. The other six trials used the control group (control group) as the active group (the control group). We found that participants with ARDS who received the treatment were less likely to die in the intensive care unit (ICU) and were more likely to be alive 28 days later. We found no difference in the number of deaths at 28 days or in the ICU between the two groups. We did not find an effect on the risk of barotrauma (bronchiolitis). We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-treatment co-treatments (such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), which may have influenced the results of the review.
Fifteen randomised trials, with a total of 687 participants, were included in the review. Most of the trials were of poor or poor quality in terms of design and how they were run. We were not able to draw firm conclusions about the use of these techniques in adults due to the lack of evidence base. The use of 'as needed' drugs (e.g. prednisone, epinephrine or prednisolone) was reduced in two studies, (47 patients) by relaxation therapy. There was no significant difference in lung function (forced expiration rate (FEV1) for relaxation therapy) in four studies of 150 patients, although some pooled effect was seen with biofeedback (i.e. bio-feedback is a therapy in which a person is taught to 'listen to the sound of other people's opinions) in one group and then the other group is assigned to the group in a random manner. The other group then has the choice of which group they are assigned to. This was not done in the case of CBT, as CBT is a 'placebo' group. We found that CBT reduced the need for 'as required' medications, but not in the control group. However, we were unable to reach a firm conclusion as to whether CBT should be used in adults with asthma due to lack of good evidence.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at antidepressants and benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. We found 35 RCTs with a total of 6785 patients. Thirty-five of the 35 trials (involving 5365 patients) were included in the review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 November 2015. We did not find any clear evidence to suggest that antidepressants or benzodiazapine is the better or worse than each other in terms of efficacy (response rate) or side effects (side effect rate). We found some low- or very low-quality data suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better than tricyclic drugs (TCAs) for reducing the occurrence of side effect (side-effect rate). However, we failed to find any difference in effectiveness or side-effect rates for individual benzodazine drugs. The choice of which drug is the best to use in panic disorder should be made on an individual basis. This is based on the results of the current review.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma due to jaundice, were included in this review. All of the trials compared the use of a stent to surgery or surgery without stents. The evidence is up to date as of June 2013. The review found that the use a stenting with a stents was more effective than surgery, but at the cost of more adverse effects. There was a trend to lower risk of death within 30 days of the stent use with plastic stents, although the risk of recurrence of cancer recurrence prior to death was similar with both types of stent. The quality of life of patients with cancer with cancer that has recurred in the body was better with metal stents than with surgery.
We found five RCTs (involving 444 arterial cannulations) that looked at this topic. Four trials looked at the use of ultrasound for the first time time the arterial line was used, and one compared it with Doppler (a method of recording the amount of blood that is pumped through the artery) assistance. All of the trials were conducted in children. The evidence is up to date as of June 2017. We found that when ultrasound was used for first time use of the artery, the success rate at first time of use was better than when other techniques were used, such as palpation (i.e. the sound waves that are passed through the arteries to reach the heart) or sound waves from above the neck (e.g. s/hephenolate mofetil). This was the case in both girls and boys, and in older and younger children. However, our confidence in the results of our review is limited due to the small number of events that we were able to include in our review, and the fact that it was not possible to blind the anaesthetist or surgeon to the method used. This means that we do not know if the correct method is better or worse than the wrong method. We did not have enough data to be sure that the true effect of the method is the same as the one used in our study. We also had too few events in our trial to be certain about the effect on ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all of the outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide range of results, small sample sizes and few events.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2015. We found three RCTs (studies in which one group of people (the group of participants) is compared with a group (the control group) that received either a ban or no ban. One RCT (involving 80 male students) was conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) found that young men who were exposed to a low-alcohol content drink less than men exposed to movies with a high-drug content (0.65 drinks per month). This finding is based on a meta-analysis of two of the three studies that looked at the use of a ban on all forms of alcohol advertising (1.26, 7.26 and 7.47 per month, very-low- and 1.15 kilolitres per year, very low- and 5.21, respectively). There were no other outcomes that we looked at (e.g. costs to the health care system, loss of work or costs to other services due to decreased alcohol sales) in any of the studies. None of the other outcomes we were interested in (such as the amount of money lost to the healthcare system or the costs incurred due to less money lost) were addressed in the included studies. No side effects of the ban or the lifting of such a ban were found in the three trials. There is a lack of good-evidence for or against the effectiveness of the effect of banning alcohol advertising. The quality of the evidence was very low due to serious risk of bias (i.e. there was a bias due to the design of the trial) and imprecision in the results.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of high- or low-MCTs to improve short-term growth or long-term weight gain in preterm neonates. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to how well the high MCTs feed is able to give the same amount of nutrients to the neonate and on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), based on small numbers in two trials. No studies were found that looked at the effect of the two formulas on growth or on the length of time the neonates were born. Therefore, neither formula type could be found to be superior to each other or have less side-effects. However, there is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the use of amnioinfusion for chorioamnionitis. We found only one RCT (involving 34 women) that met our criteria for the review. We did not identify any RCTs that used transabdominal amnial infusion. The amniotropium is a type of type of medicine in which blood is given to the mother in the first 24 to 48 hours of life. If the woman is having a caesarean birth, the amniotic fluid is pumped through the woman's uterus. The woman is then monitored for 48 to 72 hours. This is known as the 'postpartum endometritis' (endometritis) phase, which is the phase after birth of the baby. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019. We included one trial (included in this review) that included 34 women. All women received intrauterine pressure catheters, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We were not able to pool the data from both groups as the data were too different from each other for us to be able to analyse them. The study did not report any information about the death of the mother or her baby, or severe complications (such as brain injury to the brain (cerebral haemorrhage), neonatal encephalopathy (brain injury in the brain), severe bleeding in the mother's brain, or admission to intensive/high care). We found no clear effect on the rate of perinatal death. The overall quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the lack of information on blinding (i.e. women and their health care providers were not aware of the treatment received).
The Mini-Cog is a test that is used to assess the ability of a person’s ability to perform certain tests (e.g. the urine or urine test) and is used in a wide range of situations, such as at home, in a range of health care settings. The aim of this review were to determine the accuracy of the Mini-cog as a screening test in community settings. The search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was done in 2008, 2013 and 2015. Three RCTs with a total of 1620 participants were included in the review. All three trials were of short duration (three months) and none of them were of high quality (i.e. longer than three months). Unfortunately, all three trials had some problems with their methodology which meant that we were not able to pool their results. This makes it hard to draw any conclusions for or against the use of this test as a diagnostic test in the community. There is a need for more studies to be done in this area.
We searched for all randomised, double-blind, short-term (less than 12 weeks) and long-term studies of amphetamines in children and adults with ADHD. We found 19 studies with 2521 participants. Most of them were middle-aged (35.3%) males (57.2%) with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study each in both Canada and the USA. Ten of the 19 studies were multicentre (in- and out-of-centre) studies. All of them included a control group that received a placebo (sugar pill) or no treatment (placebo). Most of the studies had a follow-up of three weeks or less. Sixteen studies were funded by the drug industry, one study was publicly funded, and the other two studies did not report their funding sources. We did not find any studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, and we could not rule out a bias in one study that used a cross-over design (i.e. the use of one drug over the other). We found low- to very low-quality results for all of the main outcomes (outcomes that are used to assess the effects of drug use in the control group, e.g. quality of life, behaviour of patients, or side effects of the drug) because we did not have any well-conducted studies.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 10 new randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 811 participants. Seven of the 10 RCTs were new. Vitamin D for chronic pain was not shown to be better than placebo in any of the included studies. Adverse events and withdrawals due to pain were very rare, with no difference in the rates in the control groups of vitamin D and placebo groups. Based on this evidence, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the use of the drug on its own in chronic pain.
Forty-one randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving more than 200 practices and over 48,000 patients were included in this review. Twenty-eight of the RCTs were randomised, 12 were cross-over (trials) and two were interrupted time series (ITS) trials. In all of the interventions were aimed at health providers (i.e. nurses, physicians, or both). In 12 of the 21 trials the intervention was targeted at health professionals, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 trials both. In 15 of the included trials, in which the professional education was added to the patient education, the professional and the patient improved the patient's health. The results showed that when health providers were involved in the management of patients with diabetes, it improved the health of the patients. The effect on patient outcomes remained less clear as these were rarely assessed. The quality of the studies was often poor.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared LNG-IUS with any other method of birth control in women aged 25 years and younger. We found five RCTs, with a total of 1503 women. The trials compared the following methods: birth control pills (pills, vaginal patch, vaginal ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG)-IUS 20); birth control pill (with a range of 12 to 15 mg/day) or the T380A (tricyclic) method (IUD). We found that the trials did not show that one method was better than the other. In three of the trials that looked at the other method, women used the same method at least as well as those who did not use the method. In one of these trials, more women who used the COC stopped using their birth control because they felt it did not work for them. In the second trial, more of them stopped for other reasons than those who used their birth-control pill. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low for most of the outcomes. Limitations were due to the design of the trial and the small sample size for two of the studies.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2009. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of allergen-based treatment for house mite allergy up to April 2015. We found 78 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 79 new trials. There were 42 RCTs (with 13 new trials) that looked at the effects of the use of the drug to treat house mites (27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy studies; two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at a wide range of other allergens). There were a number of issues with the methods used in most of the trials, which meant that it was not clear how the patients were allocated to the treatment groups (i.e. whether the patients in the treatment group received the treatment or the control group). This makes it hard to be sure that the results are valid. Overall, the evidence from the majority of trials showed that there was a reduction in the symptoms of asthma and use of medicines, as well as an improvement in bronchial hypoxia (bronchial hyper-reactivity) as a result of treatment with the drug. It would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with treatment to avoid one deterioration in asthma symptoms. It would also have been needed to treat four people (3 to 6) with the treatment, but the size of the benefit was small. There was a small effect on the number of patients (16) who would have had an anaphylaxis (side effect). If 16 people (three out of 100) were treated with treatment, one would be expected to have a local side effect. If nine patients (nine out of 90) would have a systemic side effect, they would be likely to have any side effects. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We did not find any new trials in this update. We found six randomised trials with 1297 patients. Five of the six trials had a low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). We found that lung-protective ventilators reduce the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of hospital stay. We did not have enough data to be sure about the effect on long-term death. However, it is not clear if lower ventilator volumes would have an important effect on death rates.
We found 15 RCTs (involving 1833 participants) that compared isoflurane with propofol. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the use of isof lisurane was as effective as the inhalation method for providing anaesthesia, but caused more adverse (side) effects (such as shivering or pain). We found no difference in the rate of death. The quality of the evidence was low for all of our main outcomes. The main reasons for this were that most of the studies were of low or very low quality, and most of them were not well designed or executed.
Four randomised trials with 15,936 participants were identified. The trials were of mixed or very low risk of bias. There is no evidence to suggest that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of Alzheimer's disease or other long-term Alzheimer's diseases in people with high blood pressure. There were some issues with the methods used in each of the studies as many of the participants in the control group (i.e. those who received placebo treatment) were lost to follow-up and in some cases the study drug was used in the same way as the control drug. In some of the trials, both the participants and the researchers knew which drug the patient was taking, which may have led to bias. Overall, the results from the trials did not indicate that blood blood pressures lowering early in life prevents Alzheimer's disorders in any patient. However, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were not able to take the drug due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991.
We found 12 randomised trials (involving 3474 patients) that compared PTCRA/PTCA to angioplasty alone in adults with in-stent re-stenosis. The overall risk of bias was unclear for most of the trials due to a lack of data (i.e. death or no death). In the majority of trials, the patients had complex heart disease. PTCRA and PTCA did not improve the rate of re-seizure at six months and at one year, but there was an increase in the risk of some adverse heart events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency heart surgery or death) during the in-term. This means that in certain circumstances (e.g. those with heart disease that has not been surgically surgically resected) or in patients that have not undergone heart surgery, re-stents may help them to achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in the later stages of heart surgery. There was no long-term data to guide us in this area. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of these stents in patients with heart failure.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 children under the age of five years with bronchiolitis. All three RCTs compared nebulised rhDNase with placebo. Two of the studies were multicentre studies (333 patients) and the other one (11 patients) was a single RCT (71 patients). The results of the RCT in children under five years of age, who were admitted to a tertiary hospital in Italy, did not show an effect of nebulising rhDNASE on the length of time they spent in hospital. The results from one RCT showed that in the group of patients with atelectasis (blood in their urine), four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectases. There was no significant difference in adverse events between the two groups. The other RCT, which included 11 patients, showed no effect on length of stay in the hospital. There were no major adverse events in either group. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of the percutaneous or cut-down femoral artery access method for heart surgery in adults. We found two RCTs with a total of 181 participants. One RCT was a small, short-term trial with a number of patients. The other trial was a large, long-term study with more patients. In one of the trials, the patients were followed up for six months. In the other trial, the heart surgery was done in the first six months of follow-up (six months). In the first study, the participants were monitored for three months, and in the second, the surgery was planned for the same length of time. The second trial, which was large, had more patients than the first trial, and we were able to include more than half of the patients in the review. The number of participants in the study that we included in the meta-analyses was low. The quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes due to the low event rates and imprecision (i.e. there were too few events in each trial). We found that there was no difference in the rate of death, aneurysm (a part of the brain that is thought to cause blood clots) or wound infection in the group that had a stent inserted. There was a reduction in the time it took for the stent to be inserted (from 47.51 to -15.42 minutes) and the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ITU) and hospital, but no difference was found for both groups. No wound infections were found in the cut-up femoral angioplasty group. There were no differences between the two groups in any of the other outcomes that we looked at. The length of hospital stays in the laparoscopy group was not reported in one study. The studies that we found did not have a high risk of bias, which means that the true effect of the surgery may be substantially different from the one we found. As the number of included trials was too small, we judged the evidence for most outcomes to be of low or very low quality. The search is up to date as of February 2019.
This review found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the first trimester (menstruation phase) in preventing pregnancy. The numbers of women that dropped out of the two trials at 12 months were similar, as well as the rates of women who stopped treatment early in the second trimesters. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although it was not clear if this was the cause of the rash. No new trials have been found for this update.
Sixteen studies were found that could be included in the review, six of which we were able to analyse. Due to differences in the design of the studies, we were not able to pool the data. There were a total of 16 randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at a wide range of treatments for people with primary or metastatic brain tumours. Three of the RCTs looked at prevention and three of them looked at amelioration. One RCT looked at the use of a drug (memantine) to treat the symptoms of brain metastases. The other three studies looked at treatments other than drugs (modafinil, d-threo-methylphenidate HCL and donepezil) and didpezil. In the first, we found that in the first six months after treatment, there was a significant improvement in the overall function of the brain tumour patients compared to those who received placebo. The second, in the second, and the third, we did not find an effect of the drug methylphenidate. The fourth study in the fifth and sixth, both of which looked at treatment of the disease and the amelionation of the tumour, did not show an effect. However, we are not certain about the effects of these drugs on the disease due to the small numbers of people in the study groups. The fifth and the sixth trials did not have enough people in them to be sure that their findings were valid. We are not sure if the amleioration would be a good way to reduce the risk of bias as most of the participants did not return to work or work in the next six months. We do not think the fact that people dropped out of the trial that tried to reduce bias would have changed the conclusions made in the previous one. We have not found any strong evidence to suggest that any medication (methionine, nifedipine, rituximab or prednisol) or any other non-drug treatments (drugs or behavioural/behavioural) are helpful in the prevention or amelialation of cognitive deficit in adults with brain metastasis receiving cranial irradiation.
The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group carried out a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of laser treatment for this condition. We found two RCTs, with a total of 26 patients. The age range of the patients was from 17 to 55 years. Both of the studies compared low-dose laser to a placebo laser. The quality of the evidence was very low due to problems in the way the studies were done and reported. The results of the review were imprecise: the average change in pain in the lip and the chin of the lip of 8.40 cm and 21.79 cm in the upper lip of the mouth of the upper arm of the same size were similar to those of the control group of 5.29 cm. However, the size of the reduction in pain was not large enough to be meaningful. No adverse effects of the treatment were reported in the studies. We need more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
We searched for randomised trials (involving more than 281 pregnancies and 282 babies) that looked at the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen for the prevention of miscarriages in women with a history of diabetes. We found one trial (161 pregnancies) that was based on 161 women. The women in the control group received a placebo (sugar pill) and the other group received the oestrogens and progesterone. The trial did not show that combining oestral and progsterogen prevented miscarriages. However, the trial did show that there was an increased risk of breast cancer in the mother in the breast. In the other study (161 women) that we looked at, we did not find any difference in the rate of miscarriage, perinatal death, or preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of birth). However, we found that women who had used oestric or progsterone were more likely to have a low birthweight of less than 2500 g, problems with the lining of the womb in the baby's genital tract in the woman's child, or cancer other than that of the reproductive system in the child. The second trial (84 women) was based in the same group of women who were having IVF. We did not have enough data to be certain about the effect. We need more research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are safe and can be used to treat depression in the short-term for primary care. The number of participants in the treatment groups was 1364 in the TCAs group and in the placebo group of 919 in the SSR group. Most of the studies were of short duration (six weeks or less) and most of them were small (six or eight weeks) in size. Ten studies looked at TCAs, two looked at SSRins and two included both groups, all of which compared them with placebo. Nearly all of the trials were short term (six to eight weeks), most were of low or very short (6-8 weeks). The results of the meta-analysis for TCAs against placebo showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs compared to placebo, although the true result could vary from 1.28 to 1.43. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for treatment with TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 {median NNT 9} in the control group and 7 to 8 in the active group, and 20 to 90 due to side effects (SSRIs) ranged from 10 to 90 in the antidepressant group. The results needed to harm (NNH for the treatment group) varied from 4 to 30 due to adverse events (three studies with no harmful events leading to drop-out of the trial) and from 20% to 90 for the drug group.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. We found no new studies for this update. Ibuprofen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of the people with headache, and pain relief for the rest. Adverse effects, which were most often mild or transient, occurred at the same rate as with placebo, but were generally mild and short-lived. No new studies were found for this review.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of OTC artificial tears for dry eye in adults. We found 43 RCTs (involving 3497 participants) that met our criteria for the review. The review found that, in general, there was not enough high-quality evidence to be sure that one type of artificial tear was better than any other, or that the same type of tear worked as well as the same as others. However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based prosthetic tears in two of the three trials that compared them to each other or to a placebo. The other two trials, which compared them with each other, did not show any difference in effect. We also found that the most common side effects from the tears were rash, irritation, and burning sensation. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low due to high risk of bias in the majority of trials and poor reporting of trial results. There is a need for more research in this area.
In this Cochrane Review, we found one randomised trial in people with HIV who failed first-line treatment with an antiretroviral drug (lamivudine) in the first time treatment for the disease, but no second-line drug (emtricitabine) for the previous time, but the drug was still in use in some people. We also found two other randomised trials in people who failed the first treatment with a drug that was not the drug first choice for treatment of the disease. One of these trials in 136 people found no difference in the amount of HIV-free virus control in the treatment group and those who did not in their subsequent drug regimens. The other trial in 136 patients found no differences in the number of patients who were able to eliminate the virus from their blood six months after the first course of treatment was stopped. There were no trials that looked at the use of other drugs that might be used as treatment for people who fail the first drug for HIV, such as the so-called "breathing out" (bronchodilator) or the antifungal drug thymidine.
We found 133 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 844,206 participants. All of the RCTs were of adults (aged 18 years or over) who had severe airway disease. We looked at the accuracy of the tests in adults whose airway was examined in the head and neck area. We found that the upper lip bite test was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult laryngoscopy (i.e. a tube is passed through the airway to reach the larynx), but the other tests were not as good. We also found that difficult tracheal intubation tests were the most useful test for identifying those who needed further tracheals. However, we found that all of the different tests we looked at had a high risk of bias, which means that we are not sure if they are all valid in the same way. We judged the quality of the evidence for each test as low to very low. We did not have enough data to be sure that all tests were accurate for the same reasons, and we were not able to combine their results. We need more research in this area.
Sixty-three randomised trials with a total of 8014 participants were included in this review. Of these, 56 trials (56 trials) were conducted in infants and children. Probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect was not large. The average of the effects was 24 hours (n=4555). Diarrhoea lasting over 4 days was reduced by 24%. Probiotics did not seem to cause any adverse events.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found only one RCT with a total of 52 participants. The duration of the trial was 18 months. The RCT was funded by the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group, and the funding source was not specified. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. The results of the RCT suggest that in the short term (up to six months) and in the medium term (six to 12 months) the use of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care may be better than standard care alone for people with schizophrenia. It is not clear what the long-term effects of this new form of care might be. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as we did not find any RCTs that compared it with other forms of care, and we have not found any trials that have looked at its long-lasting effect. We do not know if it would be any better than other types of care. The quality of the evidence was very low for the short-term and medium term outcomes, as the evidence is limited and imprecise. The included RCT did not have a high risk of bias.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised trials of pregabalin in adults with chronic pain up to April 2015. We included eight studies with 3283 participants. Studies had low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). Five of the studies (3283 participants) had a typical design (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg per day) in which participants were randomised at the start of the trial to receive the active dose (150 to 600 mg a day) or a placebo (a fake medicine) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Pregabalin was used in one study (1492 participants) and in one (687 participants) with an EERW design (in which those with good pain relief after the first dose had been used to continue the analgesic dose for 13 or 26 weeks). In the first study (177 participants) we found that the average age of people in the treatment group was 12 years old, and in the placebo group they were 17 years old. In the second, we found the age of participants in the control group (12.5 to 14.5 years old). In both the first and the second trial, the mean age of the participants was 12.7 years old when they started the trial. In both trials, most of the people included in the trial were women. We did not find any new trials for this update of the Cochrane Cochrane review. We found that people with chronic musculoskeletal disorders who were on preopabalin had significantly more pain relief than those on a placebo over 12 to 26 weeks, and about 10% more than placebo. We also found that there were more people who stopped the drug due to side effects (about 6% more people than with a fake medicine with the 600 mg dose), but about 11% more participants than with the fake medicine (high quality evidence). Side effect rates were about 6% lower than with placebo (high or very low). We found high or very high quality evidence for most of our main outcomes. We rated the quality of the data as high for most outcomes.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effects of magnesium sulphate on the health of the mother or her baby up to 30 weeks' postmenstrual age. We found only one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's main outcomes. There was no difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (apgar was 0.51; 95% CI 0.05 to 5.46; 135 infants), nor gestational age at birth (0.22; 135 newborns). However, there were more side effects for the mother (feeling warm and flush) in the treatment group than in the control group (moderate-risk group (low-risk). No difference in side-effect rates was seen in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There were no differences seen between groups in any of the other adverse effects seen after the birth of the baby, or in the rate of haemoglobin levels in the blood of the newborns. There is not enough evidence to assess the effectiveness and safety of the drug in the management of preterm neonates.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of interventions that aimed to help adults (18 or over) who had stopped smoking to quit smoking. We found four RCTs that met the inclusion criteria of the review. Two used a drug treatment (two trials) and the other two used a non-drug strategy (two studies). We were able to pool the results from all of the studies, which showed that the treatment was more successful in the group of adults who had quit smoking than in those who had not smoked at all. We were not able to analyse the effects of the treatment in a meta-analysis due to not enough data were available. This means that we do not know much about the impact of this programme on the health of people who have stopped smoking.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 5686 adult patients. Eight of the 13 RCTs were of high-risk surgery patients and the other five were of general intensive care patients. The use of a PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU, or the length of time patients spent in intensive care, in any of the studies. The cost of an ICU with a PAC was reported in nine of the included trials. The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. The majority of the trials were at low risk of bias due to their design and the low weight of the patients in the meta-analysis.
The use of venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet-tasting solution further reduces the pain.
The purpose of this review were to assess the benefits and harms of the use of surgery to heal broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. Two small, poor-conducted, randomised controlled trials with 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at the point of entry to the study were found. There were no data on wound healing at less than four weeks, although there was a trend to favour the skin sutured group. This means that more women in the first group had recovered from their wounds than those in the second group, although again this was not clear. Unfortunately, both groups had the same wounds and the same wound was treated in the same way. The review found that there were too few data to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of either method. Therefore, there is a need for more research in this area. Further research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat these wounds.
We found 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2521 people with flu. Most of the trials were of poor quality and most of them were small in size. We were not able to pool the results of the RCTs due to the lack of data. Only three trials showed that herbal herbs may be better than antiviral drugs. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing flu symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which side effects occurred more often in the amanthadine group). There were no differences between 'E Shu We' and ribavirin in treating flu, nor in the occurrence of side effects. Ten trials reported mild side-effects. Most herbal herbs in the included trials showed similar effects to the standard treatment of the same type of flu (antiviral drugs) in preventing or treating flu. Few herbs were shown to be superior to antibiotics (antibiotics are used to treat the flu). No obvious side-effect events were reported in the trials. Currently, the evidence for the use of herbal herbs to prevent or treat flu is weak. More high-quality trials with larger numbers of patients are needed.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 8 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 518 people with HD catheters that met the criteria for the review. These trials compared the use of thrombolytic therapy, fibrin sheath disruption or over-the-wire catheter exchange or both to see if they improved the catheter's patency. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the effectiveness of any of the drugs used to improve the patency of the catheter. We are not sure if they are better or worse than the other drugs used in the trials as most of the studies were small and had a high risk of bias. Most of the trials were conducted in the 1980s when it was not clear which drug was the most common drug to use in the treatment of cathetters. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date to June 2015.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 17 randomised controlled trials (involving 2674 women) that compared the effect of adding a drug to the chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer. We did not find any difference in the time taken for the tumour to recur or the time it takes for the cancer to progress. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to the trial of the addition of one or more drugs to the regimen and control group (the control group alone). The results of the review showed that the use of a drug had no effect on the time the cancer recurred or the rate of tumour recurrence. However, the risk of side effects, such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia (low white blood cell count) was increased with the added drug.
This review of 10 randomised or quasi-randomised trials, with a total of 1896 patients, found that patients who received this care were less likely to die or to die from any cause than those who received care in the ICU. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this is part of an increased length of inpatient stay. There were no major side effects in the control group.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 people with CTS. The average age of the patients ranged from 27 to 31 years old. Most of the people in the RCTs were male, and the mean age of participants ranged from 31 to 41 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. We did not pool the results of the trials as there were too few participants in each study for us to be able to pool them. We found that when compared with placebo (sugar pill) or other non-surgical treatments (e.g. exercises and the use of drugs) the chance of experiencing short-term or long-term improvement (up to three months) in terms of symptoms, function, and quality of life ranged from very low to very high. There was not enough evidence to show that one type of therapy was more effective than the other. There were no reported adverse effects of the therapy. More research is needed to find out if there are any harmful side-effects of the treatment. The quality of the evidence ranged from poor (i.e. not all participants knew which group they were in) to very low (i.e. we did not have enough data to be certain about the risk of bias in some studies).
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2004. We found eight randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 10,000 people with ischaemic stroke or TIA, most of whom had had a stroke, which we analysed to see if there was an effect on the risk of having a new stroke. There was no difference in the rate of new strokes in people who had had their first stroke in the first month after the stroke. Statins did, on the other hand, show a small reduction in the number of heart attacks and stroke recurrences. There is no clear effect of statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is not clear whether statins should be started soon after stroke or later.
This is an update of a review first published in 2004. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that had looked at the effect of the use of mass media to change people's use of smoking in adults. We found 11 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of the programmes, length of follow-up, methods of assessment of smoking behaviour and the way they measured the effect. We were able to combine the results from eight of the nine large-scale, high-risk and long-term studies that showed a decrease in the number of people who smoked in the USA. Of the three that did not show a reduction in smoking in the whole population or in the subgroups of those who smoked, two of the three showed a benefit for the smokers and the rest of the people who were not able to quit smoking. There was at least one reduction in the percentage of adults who smoked at least once a day in both the USA and the UK. There were at least six of nine small-scale and short-term (up to eight years) state-wide (Massachusetts) campaigns that showed an increase in the rate of quitting smoking. One of these showed a significant effect on both smokers and ex-smoketers. The other six showed a positive effect on smokers. There may be a role for mass media in the management of smoking, but we are not sure what role it should play. We do not know if it should be used as a tool to change smoking behaviour.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found 24 RCTs with a total of 2166 participants. Yoga was studied in a range of settings, such as at home, at home in the home room or at home at home. The evidence is up-to-date at the time of the search. Evidence is current to June 2017. Yoga has been shown to be useful for improving quality of life, reducing tiredness and tiredness, as well as for improving mood, anxiety and fatigue, compared with no therapy or psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga does not appear to be as good as other exercise programmes. No adverse events were reported. Evidence for the effects of yoga was of moderate to very low quality. Yoga appears to be safe, but we do not know if it is safe enough to be used as a treatment option in the long term. Yoga should not be used for the first time as it is not known whether it would be safe to use for first time time use. More research is needed to find out if yoga is safe for first-time use in the first few weeks after treatment. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low (for tiredness) to high (for mood) for tiredness.
We searched medical databases for all published research on the use of early post-operative brain imaging in adult patients with glioblastoma. We found only one study (125 adults) that met our criteria for the review. Evidence is up to date as of June 2015. Evidence from this study was of very low quality. Most of the 125 adults in the study had surgery to surgically remove their tumour, followed by radiation and temozolomide (drugs used to shrink the tumour) to treat the cancer. Although the study was at high risk of bias, the quality of the evidence was very low due to the lack of blinding of the patient and the fact that most of the people in the control group did not have tumours of the same type as those in the imaging group. We did not find any difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM, or in the number of deaths (involving 48% vs 55%) between the two groups. However, we found little or no difference in the numbers of people who died up to one year later. No other information about other types of imaging in glioma was available. We identified no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no studies that looked at the cost of imaging. The quality of evidence from this review is very low.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared chlorpromazine to metiapine in adults with schizophrenia. We found three RCTs (161 participants) that fulfilled our main objectives. Chlorpromazine has been the drug of first choice for people with schizophrenia for decades, but we were not able to find any trials that compared it to any other drug class. There is a need for more high-quality research in the area, as there are too few trials to draw conclusions about the use of chlorpromazepine in this setting.
Twenty-three studies were identified for the review. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and azathioprine/6MP all appear to prevent the recurrence of Crohn's disease in the first six to 12 months after surgery. However, the use of these agents was associated with a greater risk of side effects (i.e. rash, pain and swelling of the gut). There were not enough randomised trials of other drugs to draw conclusions.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of psychosocial programmes that aimed to reduce the use of drugs in drug users. We found seven RCTs with a total of 785 participants. The psychosavioural programmes used in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief treatment (three trials), brief therapy (three studies), brief training (three trial) or brief talking to the public (two trials) or both. There were no data for the secondary outcomes, alcohol-related harm (harm due to misuse of drugs) or adverse events (such as adverse events such as injuries to the eyes or ears). We found low to very low-evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effect in the effect of any psychological or behavioural change in reducing the amount of alcohol used by drug users in the short term (up to six months) or the long term (over 12 months) in people who use illicit drugs. There was low-to-very low-risk of bias in most of the comparisons. There is low- to moderate-risk bias in some of the other comparisons. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these studies were from five unpublished studies. The risk of bias in the trials was high, with a wide range of risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to play of chance) in all but one trial. The evidence is up-to-date to June 2014. We did not find any new trials when we last searched for them in 2014. The review found that quinine (200 mg to 500 mg per day) reduced cramp number and cramp days by 20% over the course of two weeks, as well as cramp duration (days with a cramp of at least 10 days per week) by 20%. We found that with use up to 60 days, the risk of adverse events was not greater than for placebo, but due to the low number of trials and the low numbers of events, we are not sure if this would be the case. We found low or moderate quality evidence that theophylline (xylocaine injection in gastrocnemius) (a medicine used to treat gastricnemoid) is more effective than quine for reducing cramps. There was no difference in the rate of side effects. We are not able to judge the best dosage or the best length of treatment for the treatment of muscle cramp based on the results of this review. Because adverse events are not common, large, well-conducted, and long-term trials are required.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years or over) who had cramps of at least 4 weeks' duration. We found seven RCTs (involving a total of 406 people) that met our criteria for the review. Three of the trials involved pregnant women with cramps (218 women) and four included idiopathic cramp suffers (322 women). The evidence is current to June 2015. The majority of participants in the trials had no history of leg cramps. Most of them (118) had no cramps in the past. We did not find any studies of other types of cramps such as muscle cramps or disorders of the brain (motor neuritis). The quality of the evidence ranged from very low (for cramps per week) to high (for the duration of a week). For cramps caused by the night-time (night-time) treatment, we found that magnesium was no better or worse than a placebo (sugar pill) in terms of preventing the occurrence of a cramp per week, although we could not be sure that this was the case for the rest of the cramps). For rest cramps due to the day-time use of magnesium, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether magnesium was any more or less effective than a dummy pill. For those with no cramp in the first week of life (menopausal women) or those with a normal upper arm (pregnant) cramps, magnesium was not as good as a dummy tablet (placebo) at reducing the cramp rate. For older adults (e.g. older adults) with nocturnal leg cramp, we are not sure whether or not magnesium is any more effective or safer than a tablet (injecting magnesium tablets or a placebo tablet) because we did not have any data. The side-effects of magnesium were similar to those of placebo. Withdrawals due to side-effect events were not more common than those of the tablet or the dummy tablet. We could not determine the number of subjects with minor side-actions (such as a rash or rash) or the amount of minor side effects caused by magnesium. The number of people who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events was not more than that of the placebo group. We were unable to find any trials of other treatments for other cramps that we were interested in.
We found one randomised, home-based randomised trial (involving 14 people with SMA type 3) that looked at the effects of a six-month exercise training programme for SMA. The age range of the participants was 10 years to 48 years. Most of the people in the training group were able to walk at least five metres in five of the six-minute walk tests. The training group showed a small improvement in the strength of the muscles used to walk up to six months later. However, this was not evident in the usual care group, which showed a greater increase in strength at the end of six months. The participants in the exercise group reported tiredness and quality of life as their main outcomes of life. We need well-designed and large-scale randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that include a large number of participants to find out if exercise training is beneficial or harmful in SMA types 3.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 149 patients. One of the RCTs (81 patients) found that surgery was better than physiotherapy in the short-term for pain, weakness or pain-free pain, but not in the long-term, at one year. The other RCT (68 participants) found no difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years, but there is little or no evidence to suggest that surgery is better in the longer term. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the risk of bias in both trials. The second trial (68 patients) also had a high drop-out rate and the fact that many participants did not return to the treatment group at the end of follow-up. This means that we do not know if surgery is effective in reducing pain in people with milder myelopathies.
This review looked at the impact of the use of this service on patients' health care service use. We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three ITSs that met our criteria for the review. Six of the nine RCTs were conducted in the UK, two in the USA and one each in Australia, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. All of the studies were of health care professionals (in- and out-of-patients) with a wide range of specialties. In general at least 50% of calls were made by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by the staff at a clinic. Three of the four CCTs compared the same type of healthcare professional (nurse, doctor or nurse) and compared them to each other; in one the nurse compared them with the GP and in the other with the pharmacist. We did not find any difference in the number of visits to GP's''s''out of-hours' clinic' (three of five studies) or in the length of time patients spent in the ICU (two of five) between the groups. One of the two ITSs, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits. The other two studies, of doctor's' and nurse's consultation, both of which showed an increased rate of visits. We are not sure if the reduction in the rate of these visits was an effect on the patient's health care use as most of them did not show an impact on the costs of the health care system.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of interventions that aimed to reduce the misuse of alcohol in adults. We found 84 RCTs (22,872 participants) that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some small effects, they were too small, and they were not large enough, to be meaningful to policy or practice. Moreover, the results of the review are not strong, as they are based on only a few, short-term (four or more months) studies with a small sample size that were at a low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were run or reported). The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 children and adults. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most of the RCTs were small and at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection bias and were small in size. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or very low quality owing to these bias issues and the small numbers of people in the studies. Some of the studies were small, and we were not able to analyse them in a way that could tell us whether or not they were of good quality. We classified the studies into three groups: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer apps or game) and the use of feedback devices to help people change their airway rhythm. We found no evidence about harms. In general, we did not find that more than a quarter of the trials showed improvement in the treatment groups, and most of them were of poor or very poor quality. Some trials showed that training of adults improved lung function, but not all of them showed this for all of the adults. In one study for adults, and one for children, showed improvement of lung function. However, we were unable to analyse results for both adults and children due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials. In summary, we found that interventions to change the way in which doctors check regularly the airway technique of their patients to see if they find it to be inadequate. What is not clear is how doctors can most help to change an asthma flare-up, or whether such changes will have a meaningful impact on the health of patients.
The aim of this review was to see if mannitol is beneficial or harmful in the management of ischaemic stroke. Three small trials, with a total of 226 patients, were included. One of the trials, which included patients with ischaemia, did not report on the effect on death or dependency, which were the main outcomes of the trial. In the other two studies, which involved patients with ICH, we did not have sufficient data to be sure that the effect was real. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as there are too few trials and too few patients in the review, and we do not have enough data to reach a conclusion. More research is needed.
D-penicillamine is a drug used to treat rheumatoid arthritis. It is used by the skin and is thought to have a role in the healing of the disease. This review of six randomised trials, with 425 patients, was performed by the Cochrane Arthropathy Group. The evidence is up to date as of 15 June 2013. The review of trials found that in the short term, the drug can reduce the pain and the pain that patients report. However, in the long term, its use can lead to serious side effects. The drug appears to be safe, but with a greater risk of side effect.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-RCTs on the use of Chinese herbs in the treatment of rheumatoid cancer. We found four trials. All of them used a decoction (decoction) with Huangqi drugs (Huangqi compounds) as the control group. Three of the trials compared the decoctions of these herbs with a control group and the fourth trial compared them with two other Chinese herbs. None of the studies were of high quality. Due to the small sample size and the fact that all of the Chinese herbs were used in only one of the four trials, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of using these herbs to treat patients with cancer. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three RCTs (involving a total of 866 participants) that met our criteria for the review. One of the three trials looked at the use of vitamin A alone, one of the other included DHA alone, and the third trial looked at vitamin A and DHA together. All of the participants in the trials were aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of disease. All three trials compared vitamin A or DHA to a control group that received a placebo or no treatment. None of the trials used a placebo group, and one of them did not explain how it was decided which group the participant would be put in the control group. One trial did not specify the method for pooling the data, so there was an unclear risk of bias for all three trials. The other trials were of high quality, but we judged them all to be at high risk of systematic bias due to differences in the design and reporting of the studies. We did not combine the results of the different trials due to variation in participants and interventions across the trials. No adverse events were reported in these three studies. Based on the data from these three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with Vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitudes at one year and the average change in vision at five years follow-up. No trial found that vitamin A reduced the risk of vision loss or the loss of visual acuity loss in any of the groups. No side effects or adverse events occurred in the three included trials. However, since some of the analyses in this review suggested that the side-effect rates in the vitamin A group were greater than the risk in the other groups, it is not clear whether this was due to the fact that participants had been exposed to vitamin A in the past. We need more research in this area.
We found three RCTs with 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a few with AS, although some had rheumatoid arthritis. All the participants were recruited through rhearology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The duration or dose of the interventions ranged from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months, and even to an intervention by an occupational physician (one trial). The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low across the three reported outcomes. One RCT (n = 242) found a large reduction in job loss and the other RCT in = 140) found similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide (RR = 1.05, 95% CI 0.53 to 2.06). The latter one probably suffered from bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias (MD = 5.03 to 0.19). The third RCT, which was large, found that the number of people who lost their jobs was lower in the job loss group than in the control group (n= 242). We assessed the other trials as being at a low risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to play of chance) and judged them to be at a high to unclear risk of random bias (that is, systematic error due to the way they were designed and executed). We found no adverse effects in any of the three trials. The one RCT that looked at the effect of sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up. The Rheumatoids Arthritis-Work Instation Scale (RA-WIS) showed a small improvement of work function in the intervention group (GRADE-A) compared with the group of those who did not receive the intervention. The other two trials, which looked at work absenteeism, found no difference in work function between the two groups. The third trial, which investigated the use of sick-leave programmes, did not show an improvement in work functioning in the worker group. We judged the quality of evidence for job loss as very low due to problems with the way the trial was run and reported.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 285 preterm neonates (140 of whom received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2017. We assessed the quality of the evidence as high. We found that the use of the drug reduces the rate of NEC (stage 1) and NEC stage 2 (stage 3) in preterm babies born preterm. This finding was based on three RCTs that included 285 neonates. The number of neonates that would need to be treated with the drug to avoid one more case of NEC was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). The quality of evidence was low for NEC stage 1 and 3, and was high for NEC stages 2 and 3. We noted no clear effect of the treatment on death due to any cause (41% and 79% of the control group, both of which did not receive the drug) at 36 months of age. Adverse effects of the medication were not reported in any of the three trials. No serious side effects caused by the drug were reported. No severe adverse events were reported in the studies. Because we found no trials with more severe preterm infants, we are not able to draw any conclusions at this time.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for new randomised trials in February 2015 and found four trials with a total of 1943 participants. The trials were well-conducted and compared INCS with placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that in patients with acute sinusitis, those who received INCS were more likely to have a resolution or improvement in their symptoms than those who were treated with placebo. Higher dose of INCS appeared to be more effective than mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg. There were no major side effects in the trials. We did not find any serious side-effects in the two treatment groups.
Vancomycin is a drug commonly used in the treatment of preterm neonates. The purpose of this review was to assess the benefits and harms in this group of infants. The use of preventive antibiotics in preterm infants at low birth weight reduces the incidence of nosocomial sepsis in the neonate.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of dressings or topical agents (such as foam, aloe vera or alginate) for wounds healed after surgery. We found 14 reports of 13 RCTs (involving a total of 13 trials) that met our criteria for the review. The majority of the trials were of poor or poor quality and we were unable to analyse them fully due to the small numbers of patients and the lack of data. The results of one of the only trial that we were able to include in the meta-analysis showed that patients who had gauze applied to their wounds healed more quickly than those who had elastic compression. Gauze caused more pain for the patient than other dressings. There was no clear effect on the length of time that the wounds stayed in hospital. There is a need for more research in this area.
In 2014, we found seven new trials for a new total of 11 trials with 1482 women. Four of the studies were from 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. All of them looked at the use of birth control pills or an intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) to stimulate the ovulation of the uterus. Two of them were of progestin-only pills (POPs) and the other three were of the etonogestrel-releasing implant (ET). Most of the trials did not show any difference in the length of time the babies were breastfed. Most of them did not measure the amount of breast milk the babies drank, or their weight, or the growth of the mother or her baby. Most studies did not report any data on breastfeeding duration, breast milk size, or infant growth. For breast milk volume, three of four trials showed a greater weight gain in the ET group than in the no ET group. For the other four trials that looked at infant growth, three trials showed no difference in infant growth between groups. For lactation, two of eight studies showed a negative effect on lactation. One of eight of eight trials, which compared a birth control pill with a fake pill (placebo), showed a reduction in lactation at 75 days compared to placebo. The other trial, which looked at a levonorgestrel implant, showed a lower rate of lactation in the IUD group at one year compared to the placebo group. One trial showed an increase in the weight gain for the ET implant compared to no ET. The quality of evidence was low for most of the comparisons.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2007. We searched for all published research on this topic in February 2015. We found 10 studies from three countries that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped them according to the extent that they adjusted for the effect on the average (RTM) or the total (spillover) rate (i.e. the number of deaths per 100) or both of the above. We were able to combine the results from five of the five studies that made no changes in the rates of deaths caused by red-light, and we found that for both the RTM and the total, the combined rate was 0.76 (95% CI 0.54 to 1.07). For the rest of the trials, we were not able to pool the data due to inconsistencies in the methods used in the review. For most of the studies, most of them made no change in the rate of death caused by the red- light. For the most part, most studies did not use the same method and the same methodology was used, which reduced the risk of bias. We concluded that the use of Red-light cameras to reduce deaths from any cause is effective. However, the evidence is less clear on the percentage of deaths that are due to the play of chance.
In this review, we assessed the effect of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram (10 mg) or a 5-mg (5 mg) for treatment with DVT or PE in patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older. Warfarin is a drug used to treat blood clots caused by the blood clotting in the veins of the lungs. The aim of this review was to determine the best dose of warfarins to use in the first five days of therapy after treatment with anticoagulant drugs. Four randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 494 participants were included in the review. Each of the four RCTs compared a dose of 10 mg or 5 mg with that of 5 mg. It was not possible to pool the results of the trials as they used different doses of the drug and used a range of doses. This means that we were unable to perform a meta-analyse of the results. However, we were able to pool results from three of the studies (393 participants) and found that the number of patients who achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the first day of therapy was more than twice that of those who achieved one on the fifth day of the therapy. In one of the included studies, the treatment with 10 mg was as good as that with 5 mg, and in the other, the drug was as effective as the 5 mg dose. There was no difference in the rate of bleeding at 14 to 90 days after the endpoints of the trial. No difference was seen in the number who had achieved a treatment with 10 mg and 5 mg or in the length of stay in hospital. We judged the quality of the evidence for the use of 10- or 5- mg in the initial day of treatment as low to very low. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the optimal dose to use for the first week of therapy.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of care for older adults (over 65 years of age) who had had a hip fracture. We found seven RCTs with a total of 555 participants. Three of the trials compared care in the inpatients' (patients) or home-based (inpatient) care) with care in hospital. Two of the three trials, which included 141 participants, compared care by the orthopaedic team (the team of doctors who treat the hip) to care by usual care. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. There was limited evidence that some of the models of rehabilitation and care used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium and the length of stay in hospital for older people who have been treated for hip bone. However, the certainty of these results is low. There were no data from any trial for our main outcome of life, which was quality of life. We were not able to draw any conclusions on this topic as the quality of the evidence was very low. We also had very low confidence in the results of the other outcomes that we were most interested in (e.g. the effect of enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital treatment on the number of patients who recovered from their hip bone). We found very low-certainty data for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small amount of data that we could use for some of our outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of home-based nursing care for children with an acute or chronic illness. We found seven RCTs with a total of 840 participants. We did not find any studies that looked at the impact of home care on the health of the child or the way the child was cared for, but we did find some evidence that home care may help reduce the length of time the child is readmitted to hospital. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two of the studies, while in the other one, no cost benefit was found for the mother. We do not know if home care reduces the number of days the child needs to spend in hospital, or if it has any effect on the child's ability to cope with the burden of caring for their own care. We need more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2016. We found 40 RCTs with 7524 people with schizophrenia that compared ICM with standard care or non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design or reporting of the trial) as well as a high rate of systematic error (ie, there was a high number of people who dropped out of the trials due to bias). The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. We did not find any new trials for this update. The previous Cochrane review was published in 2012 and the first in 2015 found no new trials. No new trials were added to the review in 2016. The review found that when ICM was compared with the standard care group, the number of days spent in hospital per month was slightly lower (n = 3595 per month). Similarly, the amount of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICM) was similar to that of the control group (21 days per month) and the average number of admissions to the ICM group (equivalent to 6 days per week). The results showed that ICM may make little or no difference in the rate of death by suicide, but may reduce the rates of adverse events (e.g. death by dying by suicide). In addition, we were not able to determine whether ICM had an impact on the level of care that people were able to take care of their own needs for their own care. We were unable to determine if ICM reduced people's need for care in the same way as the usual care (standard care). We found that the more ICM is based on the ACT model, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital. We also found that if people use their current mental health care more often than those who do not use their care, the greater time they spend in hospital, and that if they use their usual care less often, they are less likely to be in hospital less often. We are uncertain about the effects of ICM on people's ability to take their treatment as they do not have the same symptoms as those who use their treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of box training in adults over 18 years of age that evaluated laparoscopic laparoscopy in adults. We found 16 trials with a total of 434 participants. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (i.e. systematic errors (bias) or play of chance (play of chance). The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The results of this review are uncertain due to the small number of included trials and the poor methods used in the meta-analysis of the trials. Eighteen of the 16 trials (248 participants) compared box trainees with no training (248 people) with trainees who had undergone laparoscope surgery (216 people). All the 16 randomised trials in this comparison used video trainees. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. One trial (36 people) found that the time taken for the trainee to complete the task was shorter in the box trainee group than in the control group. The trainee trainee in the group in the training group also had a lower error rate (0.69 points on a 0-0.17 scale) and a significantly shorter time to achieve the task. None of the effects of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are not clear. There appears to be no difference in the ability of the trainees to do the task or in the rate at which they complete the tasks. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence is low to very low. Further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
The objective of this review were to assess the effects of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. We found one randomised trial of hydrocortisone and one trial of budesonide/prednisone. We did not find any trials of other corticosteroid drugs used in the treatment of this disease. There is no evidence to recommend any of these drugs as a first-line treatment for the disease.
The aim of this review were to assess the benefits and harms of early feeding for people with cystic fibrosis. A search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was carried out in 2013. Eleven RCTs were found that met the criteria for the review. Seven of the trials (284 patients) reported death rates and the other two trials (207 participants) reported the number of deaths. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. The early feeding appears to be beneficial in terms of the rate of survival and disability of the patient. However, more trials are needed to be sure that this is the case.
We found 57 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 34,390 participants. Forty-one RCTs (19,241 participants) provided data for our primary meta-analysis. The main sources of bias were from the use of participants who dropped out of the studies (36% and 21%) and the fact that many of the participants knew whether they were in the study or not (21%). Fifteen studies (10,862 participants) showed that those who took part in a BCT had less than one drinking day per month less than those who did not take part in the BCTs. Fifteen trials (3587 people) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the group taking part compared to the control group. In 15 trials (9791 people) participants) participants took about one drink less per week less than participants who were not in the treatment group. Five trials (390 people) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at the end of follow up. All trials showed that people taking part in digital interventions were less likely to have up to three (up to three) more drinks per week compared to those who were in control groups. In a multivariable model that was used to pool the data, the studies showed that in people who were consuming more than one drink per week, they were more likely to be in the intervention group. We found that in the studies that looked at the same outcome, there was little or no effect on the amount of alcohol they consumed. We judged the quality of the evidence for the main outcome (participants who consumed at least one drink a week) to be moderate. We downgraded it to low when we looked at studies where we did not have enough data.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at benzodiazepines in the short-term for panic disorders. We found 24 RCTs, with a total of 4233 participants. Of these, 2124 were randomised to benzodiazine, and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 people in the trials received other drugs or placebo or both. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2018. The quality of the evidence is low due to the lack of blinding of participants, unclear risk of bias in the design of the trials, high dropout rates, and the fact that the trials were too short to show us whether benzodazine was better or worse than placebo for most of the outcomes. The dropout rate was lower in the benzodizine group than in the placebo group. However, the number of dropouts due to side effects was higher with benzodajiazine than with placebo. Due to the low quality of evidence, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects or the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. The choice of the treatment that the clinician (or both) prefers should be guided by the patient's preference and should use the results of the trial in order to guide the care of the patient.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of tai chi in healthy adults (over 18 years of age) or those at high risk of CVD (i.e. heart attack or stroke) up to 30 September 2015. We found 13 randomised trials with 1520 people. Seven of the 13 trials involved 903 healthy adults; the other three are still in progress. All studies had at least one area with unclear risk of bias, and some of them were short term (up to one year or less). We were not able to combine the data from all of the trials, which meant that it was not clear whether taichi was better or worse than usual care for CVD risk factors (blood pressure, lipid levels or both) as most of the studies had follow-up of less than one year. We were able to analyse some of the results from some studies, but they were not consistent or imprecise due to variation in the methods used in the study design and how they were reported them. Overall, we found no difference in the risk of death or death due to any cause, or in the number of people who died from any cause. We also found no clear effect on lipid levels, blood lipids or the amount of cholesterol in the blood of people with CVD. We did not find any data on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. Due to the limited data available, we were unable to draw any conclusions as to guide us to tai Chi-Taichi for the prevention of the main CVD risks. There is a need for more long-term research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the impact of a family-based programme for the prevention of smoking in children and adolescents aged 11 to 14 years. We found 27 RCTs that tested a wide range of interventions. Most of them looked at different types of programmes, such as those that focused on the child's parents, or the parents' views on the topic and the way the programmes helped the child to become aware of the need to quit smoking. We were able to combine the results from nine studies (4810 participants) and found that when compared to a control group that received no intervention or usual care there was a reduction in the number of children who started to smoke. We could not combine the findings from eight of the other studies (1096 participants) as we could not analyse them in a way that would allow us to analyse them. One RCT (889 participants) compared a family intervention to a school 'good behaviour' programme and did not find a difference between the two groups. The other five studies (18,500 children) with about 18,500 participants) did not have enough information to be able to pool their results. No adverse effects of the programmes were found. There were more studies of high intensity programmes (compared to no treatment or 'do as I say') than there were for other types of programme. Most studies used intensive programmes. Based on these results we would expect that out of 1000 people who had not smoked at the age of 11 or 14 years, there would be about 16 to 32 per 1000 who would start to smoke at the start of the next time they took part in an RCT. However, the results of the studies that we looked at did not show this and so we are not sure if this would be the case. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 451 adult cancer patients. Two of the trials (127 patients) compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third trial (127 participants) compared a number of other corticosteroids, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and corticostimulant. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We found very low-quality data from two of the three trials, which did not allow us to draw any conclusions about the use of corticopressin in adult cancer. One of the other studies (127 people) showed that people in the corticoid group had less nausea than those in the placebo group at eight days, but this was not a significant result. The frequency of side effects in both groups was similar. There were too few data to be sure that steroids are safe for all cancer types, and they did not seem to cause more side effects than other drugs. We do not know if they are safe in people with cancer that is not cancer-specific. We did not have enough data to make any firm conclusions about their use. We downgraded the quality of the evidence from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, loss of patients to follow-up, or the small number of patients in the studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk and low birth weight neonates (i.e. those born before 34 weeks of age) with HIV, cystic fibrosis or cancer. Three RCTs (1345 children) were included, four ( 429) were in children with sickle cell disease (n = 219), one (n= 429) was in the one small study of children with cancer and the other one in people with pneumonia. The duration of the studies ranged from seven days to three years. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to assess the quality of the evidence for two of the trials (one in children infected with HIV and one in those with cancer). We were able to use the information from three of the included trials (involving 1345 participants) in our meta-analyses. We found that there was no evidence that azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, or penicillin V prevented LRTIs. There was an increase in the rate of emergence of pathogenic ( pathogenic) fungal infections with the use of antibiotic prophylaxis. However, there was an increased rate of adverse events due to antibiotics. In the one study of the one trial of the child with cancer, a greater number of patients had a severe blood clot in their urine (pneumococcal septicaemia) in the first week of the trial. We were unable to determine if the increased the risk of a blood clot with antibiotics. There were too few data available for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of any of the antibiotics used in the trials. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is current to June 2015.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 519 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2017. The trials were at a low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. Evidence from three RCTs (involving 100 participants) showed that the use of nitrous oxide (three trials) and carbon dioxide (five trials) for the first postoperative day after surgery did not seem to have an effect on the rate of cardiopulmonary complications (i.e. failure of the lungs to expand fully or in part due to poor blood flow from the lungs) compared with carbon dioxide. There were no deaths. We did not have enough data to be certain about the safety of the other gases used in the trials. One RCT (70 participants) suggested that room air pneumoperitoneum may reduce hospital costs and reduce pain in the first day after abdominal surgery. The results of the one RCT on this topic should be viewed with caution. Evidence was of very low or very low quality for all of the outcomes. The overall quality of evidence was very low for most of the results.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. Eight RCTs enrolling 303 preterm neonates were found that compared dexamethasone to a high dose (more than 2000 mg) or a low dose (less than 1000 mg) of corticosteroids. Four other studies enrolled 762 neonates and showed no clear difference in the effect on death or BPD with the use of the high dose or the low dose compared with the lower dose. One RCT with 34 neonates found that the higher dose of cortics reduced the incidence of BPD as well as abnormal brain development. Two other trials with 74 neonates looked at the effect of a long-term course of prednisone and found no effect. The quality of evidence for all comparisons above was assessed as low or very low, due to the small sample size and differences in the design of the trials. A large trial of ‘rescue’ corticostomy’ is needed to find out the best dose and duration of steroids for babies born preterm.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2001. We found no new trials in this update. Eight randomised trials with 996 people with rheumatic fever were included in the review. Six of the trials were done between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the fourth in 2001, both of which compared corticotrophin, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone or cortnisone with aspirin, placebo or no treatment. The last two trials were carried out in 2001 and were done in 2002. We did not find any new trials for this review. The use of corticosteroids or the use of intravenous immunoglobulins did not reduce the risk of heart disease at one year compared with aspirin. Adverse events were the same as those in the aspirin group and we did not have enough data to be sure about this. However, the three trials that reported on adverse events found that they were more likely to cause adverse events than the control group. We do not know if this was the result of chance or not, but we do not think it would have happened if the people in the placebo group were not in the corticostomy group. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2010. We found six randomised trials with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities in the USA, which we analysed in detail. Two of the trials, which assessed the use of insecticide spray, found that trachoma was reduced by at least 55% to 61% in the short term (up to three months) when compared to no intervention. One of the other two trials found that the provision of a latrine for people living in a poor area reduced trachomas by 29.5% when used as a test of their own, but these results have not been confirmed by a more recent study. There is some evidence from two of the three trials that use insecticides to reduce the number of patients with cystic fibroids, however, this was not shown in the other trial that used insecticides. Health education appears to be an important way to prevent the growth of cysticroids and it has not been shown to work in the last 10 years. However, all the studies have some problems in the way they were designed and executed. We have not yet been able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of these interventions.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of CBT for the management of tiredness in adults with fibromyalgia. CBT was found to be effective in reducing tiredness at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychosocial therapies. There is a lack of evidence on whether CBT is better or worse than other psychological therapies, and further studies are required to determine if CBT would be the best way to treat tiredness for tiredness.
We found one randomised trial with 46 people with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC or HbSβ+thal) with a mean age of 21 years old. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (n = 20) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 of the 46 participants completed the full six months of follow up. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The study was funded by the USA Institute of Medicine. The quality of the evidence was low for the outcomes of pain and adverse events (tingling of lips or hands). However, there was a high dropout rate in the placebo group and a low risk of bias for other domains such as the use of a placebo group in the first part of the trial and the selective results of the second part. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient to guide clinical practice. There is a need for more research in this area. Vitamin D should not be used as a routine treatment as it is not thought to be useful in the treatment of sickle cells. Further research is needed to find out if vitamin D is safe and if it is safe. The included trial did not have a high risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance) as most of the people taking part in the study did not know which group they were in (18 or 19 participants in the vitamin D group and 19 in the control group).
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2017. We found one RCT with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years with idiopathic cystic fibrosis of unknown cause. The RCT compared the use of the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (reST) to a control group that received no treatment or treatment as usual. The study was run in the 1980s and the results from one of the RCTs were not available at the time of the search. We are not able to say whether or not either of the treatments is better than no therapy or the control group due to the lack of data. There is limited evidence that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and ReST may lead to better word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with cystitis. However, we are unable to say if one treatment is clearly better than the other as we were unable to find any trials that have looked at this in the past. There were no trials that looked at other types of therapy such as psychosocial therapy or behavioural therapy. We need more trials to find out which is the best way to help parents and carers of their child with cysts and if there is a role for them in the care of the next stage of life. This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's previous Cochrane Cochrane review published in 2012. We last searched for new trials in February 2017.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antibiotics in people with retinochoroiditis affecting any part of the retina. We found four RCTs with a total of 268 participants. One trial in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment. The other three trials in Brazil and the UK looked at pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one trial in the UK in both children and adults looked at it for four weeks; and the other three studies in the USA in adults looked into it for 12 months. In the last study, all the participants had active retino choroids and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to the choice of which group they were assigned to. We judged these three studies to be at a mixture of low or unclear risk of bias due to poor reporting of their methods. In all four of the trials, the antibiotics were given in a form that could be used in the control group. One study in the US in adults, which was judged to be of low quality, found that people were less likely to have a new episode of retinitis when treated with an antifungal (tricyclic) treatment. In one of the UK and US studies, the same number of participants received both antibiotics and a placebo (dummy treatment). In the US, the first episode of treatment was given to all participants in the first week of follow-up. However, in both the US and UK, all participants received steroids. Two of the studies in adults and adults reported an increased risk of adverse events in the treatment group. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia (joint pain). We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for most of the outcomes.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2007. We found 43 randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that included 43 RCTs (involving 3749 participants) that looked at the use of different nail designs for trochanteric bone fractures. The majority of the participants in the trials were aged over 65 years old, and the majority of them had osteoporosis of the femoral bone. Twenty-two trials (3749 patients) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (the'standard' bone) and found that the gamma nail was more likely to break both the bone and the hip bone, and to need more reoperations. Five trials (623 patients) of other nail versus extramedullary nail compared the SHS. The SHS was more common in the IMHS group, and caused more bone problems. The other nail (1491 patients) did not seem to have advantages over the other nail types. Two trials (65 patients) found that nails made of the same material resulted in fewer bone problems than fixed nail plates. There was no difference in the number of patients who died, wound infections, or the length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail (PFN) compared to those that were made of a different nail. However, there was an increased risk of reoperation rate for the PFN group. Two other trials (124 participants) found a tendency to less bone problems when the nails were used compared with fixed nail plate (which is no longer used in the USA) for some bone-fractures. With its lower complication rate in the UK, and lack of results for other bone-infarctures.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of surgery or both forms of surgery in women with ovarian cancer. We found one RCT that met our criteria for the review. It looked at data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or treatment with octreotide (n=20) and found that women who had surgery were more likely to live longer than those who had treatment with Octreotide, but the magnitude of this effect was not clear. Although six (22%) of 22%), 22% of the patients who received surgery had serious complications of the surgery and three (11%) of 11%) died of complications. The quality of life (QoL) of the women in the surgery group was not reported. There were no reports of any adverse effects of surgery. We did not find any RCTs that compared surgery with other forms of treatment. Therefore we are not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of one form of treatment or the other. However, there is weak evidence in support of the use of surgery to help women live longer.
This review of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of statins for PCOS found no evidence that statins improve regularity of ovulation or hirsutism or acne in women with PCOS, nor is there any effect on body mass index (BMI). There is a need for further well-designed RCTs with large sample sizes and large-scale randomised trials to assess the effects of statin use in PCOS.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2015. We found no new trials for this review. We identified 1522 relevant references, of which we included in the search, but none were found in full. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but we did not find any RCTs that met our requirements for the review. This means that we do not know if any of the treatments used in the studies we looked at are safe, or if they are safe. We need to find out more about the best way to treat bleeding in women with advanced cancer. The choice of treatment will be based on the local resources in the area in which the cancer is most common.
The aim of this review were to assess the effects of temozolomide for the management of glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) and to assess its effect on QoL. We found 3 RCTs, enrolling a total of 745 patients, that looked at the effects on survival (OS) and disease recurrences of GBM in patients who have been diagnosed with GBM. When we combined the results of these trials, we found that when given in both the 'concomitant' and 'adjuvant' phase of the treatment, patients were more likely to survive their GBM and had a longer time to progress to the next stage of therapy. In patients with recurrent GBM, temozoomide was more beneficial in terms of the time taken for the tumour to recur and the length of time it took to get worse. There were more side effects, such as blood clots in the urine and anemia. In the elderly, there were more adverse events in the radiotherapy group than in the control group.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2013. We found two RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. The first was from the USA, and the other was from Cambodia. Both of them were conducted in rural areas of Cambodia. In one of the US, the contract was for a six-month course and in the other for a 12-week course. In both the USA and Brazil, the contracts were for a 14-week and 24-week period, as well as for a 10-day course and six-week training course, respectively. The second study was for an eight-week class and was conducted in the city of Pharmakopa in South Africa. In the first study, the company that made the contract paid for the course. The company that did not receive the course was not part of the study. The study in the USA reported that the contract increased the use of antenatal care by 28% and use of public healthcare facilities by 14%. In the other study, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on the health of the population of the area. The results of the other trial in the US showed that the course that was funded by the USA was more than twice as effective as the courses that were not. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not take part in the course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more errors (i.e., bias) than those who received the courses. No studies that aimed to look at the best way to keep health workers in place (e.g., keeping them in place in the management of health care in the area) were found. We did not find any studies that investigated the best ways to keep doctors and nurses in placebos.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 123 people. All three RCTs reported on deaths, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported in one of the trials. There was no description of concealment of the method used in two trials in the second trial. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. We did not find evidence that surgery was better than no surgery in reducing the risk of death in people with heart failure who had heart failure. Among people who received surgery, there was a reduction in the number of patients who had pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy (tricyclic tube inserted through the airway to reach the lungs), and length of intensive care unit (ICU) stay. The length of time that the person was on the ventilator and the time that he or she were in the ICU was not assessed in one trial. We were not able to combine the results of the three trials due to differences in the reporting of the results. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for most of the outcomes due to the differences in reporting.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of cerivastatin in adults (aged 18 years or over) with LDL cholesterol. We found 50 RCTs with 12,877 participants. The participants were of any age with and without heart disease. The majority of participants in the trials were women and the mean age of participants ranged from 63 to 71 years. The trials were of three to 12 weeks in length. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. When we combined the results of all trials, we found that when the drug was compared to fluvastatin, atorvastulin and rosuvastarin, it was about 250-fold more likely to reduce the levels of LDL cholesterol, and about 5.5-fold greater than the other drugs that are used to lower blood lipid levels. It was about 4.0% more effective than the placebo drug, and was as effective as the antidiarrhoeal drug at reducing the amount of cholesterol in the blood. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. We did not have enough data to be sure that the harms caused by the drug were the same as those seen with other drugs. There was a high risk of bias for the adverse effects due to side effects, but a low risk of biases for the lipid level.
We included 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6851 patients. Most of the RCTs compared remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation (i.e. the rate at which the blood is raised in the first few days after surgery) to control for kidney injury. The evidence is up to date as of 15 June 2015. The majority of the studies were of high risk of bias, which means that the true effect of the method is likely to be close to the truth. We did not find that the method reduced the need for blood transfusions, increased the risk of death, or changed the length of time patients spent in hospital. It is not clear whether the increased risk of adverse effects in the group of patients who had remote ischemic preconditionsed could have changed the results. We judged the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes to be high, however we did not have enough data to be certain about most of them.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2014. We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 people with sleep apnoea/nausea, most of whom had had a stroke more than a year ago. Eight of the RCTs looked at the effects of medicines (fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs) on tiredness after stroke. Four of the trials (248 participants) looked at tiredness in other symptoms after stroke, such as tingling in the throat, nausea and headache. None of these trials showed any effect on reducing tiredness, which was not seen in the control groups. There were no trials that investigated the effect of any other medicines (antibodies such as tirilazad mesylate, a type of type of medicine), antidepressants or a self management programme for patients who had suffered a stroke. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised trials (involving 74 preterm babies born preterm) that looked at treatments for high blood sugar levels in preterm neonates. One of the studies (Malone 1991) showed that the use of both insulin and glucose, when used with rectal cation-resin, reduced the risk of death. The other two studies (Hu 1999 andSingh 2002) showed no effect on death or any other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with the combination of insulin and sugar or albuterol inhalation. The quality of the trials was very low and we could not be sure that the decision about which treatment to use was made on the best method to treat high blood glucose levels in the first few days of life.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 12 trials with a total of 623 participants that met the criteria for the review. We were able to include seven of the 12 trials in the meta-analyses. IVIg was compared with PE in 623 people with mild disease. There were no trials in adults. The main results of the review are based on only one trial with 21 adults. In this one trial, we found that, in people with severe disease, the use of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) in the first few days after the onset of the disease, helped them to get out of bed as fast as if they had not been using the drug at all. There was not much difference in other measures used in the other three trials. Adverse events were not more frequent with either of the treatments but, in the case of the children, they were much more likely to have an adverse event than those in the PE group. In one of the other trials with 34 adults, we did not find any difference in the number of adverse events between the treatment group and the control group, but we are not sure if this would have occurred by chance. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date to August 2015.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2015. We found 28 RCTs with a total of 9330 patients. We were able to include 21 trials with 7597 patients in this review. The majority of patients included in the trials were male, and the average age of patients ranged from 31 to 41 years. The average age ranged from 27 to 31 years old. In all of the included trials, the mean age of participants ranged from 33 to 44 years. In one of the 21 trials, most of the patients were male. The other trials were conducted in the USA, the UK, the Netherlands and the Netherlands. The included trials were generally of low or very low risk of bias. The quality of evidence was low for all-cause death, serious adverse events, length of stay in hospital and surgical site infections. This was the result of a meta-analysis. In our meta-analyses, we found that a high fraction of oxygen was not associated with an increase in the risk of death. Similarly, a high dose of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery was not linked to an increased risk of an adverse event such as surgical site infection. As the quality of the evidence was very low, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the use of a high amount of oxygen in these trials. We did not find any trials that used other types of treatment such as antibiotics. We conclude that there is not enough high-quality data to be able to make any firm conclusion about the benefit or otherwise of using a high level of oxygen for anaesthesia or surgery. Given the risks of bias in the available trials, as well-conducted trials did not include a large sample size or long-term follow-up, we are unable to conclude whether a high rate of oxygen is beneficial or not.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to 16 years of age with OME up to September 2015. We found 23 RCTs (involving 3258 children) that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. Two of the trials did not report any of the outcomes of interest, and we were able to include 23 trials with 3258 participants in the meta-analyses. The duration of the included trials ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high. The majority of the studies were at low to moderate risk of bias, which means that the true effect of antibiotics may be substantially different from the effect seen in the control group. In terms of effectiveness, we found that the chance of complete resolution of OME was higher in the treatment group. However, we also found that children treated with antibiotics were more likely to have diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash than those who were not. There was no difference in the frequency of acute otitis media episodes in the first four to eight weeks of treatment. We did not find evidence that antibiotics reduced the need for the use of a ventilator (tube) in children with mild to moderate OME. None of the other outcomes that we were interested in, such as speech, speech and language development or quality of life, were reported in any trial. We assessed most of the quality of evidence for the primary outcomes of this review as low or very low.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of reducing protein in the diet of adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found 12 randomised controlled trial (RCTs) and nine RCTs (LPDs) that looked at this topic. The LPDs looked at the amount of protein in each person's food and compared to those who were allowed to eat what they wanted to eat. We pooled the results of the seven trials in the LPD group and found that the body's glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was reduced by 0.1 ml/min/month (95% CI -0.1 to 0.3 per year) in patients treated with a LPD compared to the control group. However, we did not find a difference in the rate of death or end-stage renal disease (ESRD) between the two groups. One RCT in the protein-restricted group and one in the group treated with LPD found that people who received the protein restriction had a slightly lower GFR than those who did not. The protein intake in the intervention groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/day. One trial in the control groups found that there was a small decrease in the GFR in the treatment groups. We did not have any data on the quality of life of participants or on the costs of the diets. Further longer-term research is required.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (involving 3480 people) that looked at the effects of group-based rehabilitation for adults with acute brain injury. Twelve of the 19 trials were of high quality, and the other seven were of low or very low quality. All of the trials took place in the UK, France, Greece, the Netherlands, the USA, the UK and the Netherlands. Most of the people in the trials had mild brain injury; seven of them were from the Netherlands and one from the USA. We found that in the subgroup of adults with more severe brain injury, those who received more intensive rehabilitation made a good recovery earlier than those who had not, and in the group of adults who were still in hospital. In addition, we found that those who were treated in an in-patients' rehabilitation group made greater gains than those in the control group, and that they were able to get out of bed earlier. We also found that people who had severe brain injuries were better than those with mild brain injuries, and those with moderate to severe brain problems, at reducing the need for further rehabilitation. We are not sure if more intensive treatment makes a better result, or if it is more cost-effective. We do not know which is the best way to treat people with brain injuries. Not all of the questions we had could be answered in this review. For example, we could not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, or which models of service provide value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, we will need to look at the results from large, long-term trials to see which treatment works best.
We found one randomised trial (involving 176 women) that looked at whether rooming-in (where the mother is cared for in a special room) or mother-infant separation (separate care) is as good as either the same care or a different care. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2018. The trial compared the use of rooming in the mother's care group (with rooming placed in the room for the mother to breastfeed her baby) versus the control group (in the neonatal nursery) and found no difference in the length of time the babies were breastfed each day. There was no difference found in the number of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. The number of breastfeeds per day per day on day four postpartum for the group of mothers who received the care was 8.3, which was slightly more than for those mothers who did not (i.e. seven times per day). However, we were not able to pool the data due to inconsistency in the results of the one trial we looked at). The evidence was of low or very low quality. There were too few data available for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the best way to keep mothers and their babies in the same treatment group.
The aim of this review were to assess the effects of sanchi for acute ischaemic stroke. Eight randomised controlled trials ( 660 participants) were included in the review. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six of the trials. Pooled results from seven trials showed that senchi might lead to a lower rate of death and dependency in people with mild ischaemia than in those who had a more severe stroke. Data were limited in six trials and quality of life was not assessed in any of them. Few adverse events were reported. Sanchi seems to be a safe and effective treatment for acute acute ischemic stroke. More well-designed trials are required.
This is an overview of Cochrane Oral Health's Cochrane review of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of implants placed right after they are taken out and just after the tooth is taken out. The evidence is up to date as of 23 June 2013. In this review 14 RCTs were found but only 7 of them could be included in the meta-analyses. One RCT in children and adults found that the time for the tooth to come back to the socket was shorter in the group that had the implant right after it was removed. After 2 years, the patients in the immediate-delayed group were more likely to be able to do their normal daily tasks (e.g. bathing, toileting or toileting) and they felt it was more convenient to use them right after taking out the teeth. The other 2 years of use of the implants, on the other hand, were not as good as those that were placed just after they were taken out (i.e. when they were placed in the socket) and caused more adverse (adverse) effects. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for most of the comparisons. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to see if clioquinol (an antiepileptic drug) is useful for people with mild Alzheimer's disease. We found one randomised trial of PBT1, which involved 36 participants, which showed that the drug did not seem to have any effect on the overall function of the brain. In the first half of the trial, the drug was well-treatable and the drug appeared to be safe. The second part of the study, which included 78 participants, showed that it was safe and well tolerated. However, the trial was not large enough in terms of sample size or length of treatment to show if it was better or worse than the drug itself. We do not know from the trial whether it is safe or not. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 36 randomised or quasi-randomised trials (involving 2999 participants) that looked at the use of PDE5 inhibitors in adults (aged 18 years or over) with COPD or PH-LHD. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. We found that those who took PDE inhibitors were more likely to be able to walk at least 20 to 30 metres more than those who were treated with placebo (i.e. a fake pill) or with other PAH-specific therapy (e.g. sildenafil, tadalafil or vardenafil). We found no clear difference in the number of deaths. There was an increased risk of side effects with PDEinhibitor drugs, such as headache, diarrhoea, gastrointestinal upset, and joint pain. We are not sure if these side effects are a cause of death. We were not able to compare these drugs to each other as there were too few randomised trials. There is a need for more research in this area. There are three main types of drugs that can be used to treat COPD: dexamethasone, prednisolone and epirubicin. These are drugs that decrease blood oxygen levels in the blood (hypoxia). We did not find any trials that compared these drugs with each other. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be high for people with PH due to lung disease and hypoxia, and low for those with PH-lHD due to left-heart disease.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 2193 adults who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The majority of the trials were of high-quality. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very high. The main weakness of the review were in the use of blinding (i.e. the anaesthetist and the anaesthesist knew which group the patient was in) and the fact that many of the participants in the control group were not in the treatment group (e.g. the 'blind' group). We found that multiple injections for axillary plexus block provide more pain-free anaesthesia than either the 'double' or 'tri' injection method. The time for block performance was shorter for single injections (MD 3.33 minutes, 95% CI 2.76 to 3.90) and two (MD 1.54 and 2.80) and there was no difference in the time to readiness for surgery (time from the time of surgery to the day of surgery). The risk of adverse events in the trials was low.
We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day for 12 months to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. The mean age of the children ranged from 7 to 12 years old, and the mean duration of treatment was 7-12 months. In all three of the studies, the growth of the child was reduced by about 1.54 cm in the first year of follow-up. It is not clear if the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'cross-over' after the drug is stopped. We are not able to comment on the growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are used to treat a child's asthma, we need to use the minimum dose that is most beneficial for the child's symptoms.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of APD and CAPD in terms of clinical and cost-effectiveness. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 139 patients. APD was not shown to be superior to CAPD with respect to death, risk of peritonitis, hernias (blood in the urine), PD fluid leaks, or hospital admission rates. There is a need for a RCT comparing CAPD and APD with enough large numbers of patients in order to determine the advantages of one of these modalities.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT is better than RT for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV) HD, CRT appears to be the best way to avoid progression/relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM. This is due to the large number of trials that have been performed and the fact that most of them have been conducted in the last 10 years. However, it is not clear if this is the same as it should be. There were too few long-term data to be sure that it is better or worse.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 4893 patients. Most of the patients included in the RCTs were female, ranging in age from 18 to 65 years. Opioids were given in three ways: orally (12, n = 3040), transdermally (n = 1628), or in an infracranial form (n= 231). The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. Many patients stopped using the drugs due to side-effects (22.9% in the transdermal form and 8.9%) or because they felt they were too painful (10.3% and 10.3%, both in the intranathecal form and 5.8%). Many people in the groups stopped taking the drugs because of side-effect or lack of pain-relieving effect (many, many more than in the no-opioid group). Evidence from the majority of participants in the studies that looked at the use of opioids in the long term (more than 90%), those who were able to stay on the drugs long-term, showed that they were effective in reducing the pain they felt. However, the amount of pain patients felt pain was not the same as it was in the placebo group (i.e. those who did not take the drugs at all). Many, but not all, people who used the drugs in the short-term stopped using them due to adverse events (like nausea and headache), but those who could continue to take them. The quality of life of people who use the drugs is not clear. We did not have enough data to be certain about the effects of the drugs on their own or on people's ability to do their usual activities (e.g. bathing, eating, and toileting).
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found only one RCT with a total of 212 patients with spinal cord injury and pressure ulcers classed as stage II and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%), 104/104/104 with an average age of 57.3 (11.6). The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. The RCT was stopped early when it was found that the drug was not better than a placebo (sugar pill) for improving ulcer healing. We are very uncertain about the effect on the rate of healing of the ulcers. There was low-certainty evidence on the risk of adverse events in the participants who were treated. Thus, we are not able to say whether the use of anabolic steroids in the control group makes a meaningful impact on the healing of these wounds. There were no data on other outcomes such as pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of one type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low. This was due to the small number of patients included in the trial and the fact that the participants were mostly male spinal cord injuries.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 8372 people. Four of the six RCTs were from the USA, one from the UK and one each from the Netherlands, the Netherlands and the UK. All of the trials were of low or very low quality. We were not able to pool any of the data due to each trial using a meta-analysis. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference in favour of email and standard mail. For both the groups for the main outcome of patient or caregiver knowledge and understanding, we found that email was no better or worse than usual care. For patient health status and well-being, we did not find any difference between groups. No information was available on the harms that email may cause. We did not have enough information to be sure that email is safe or if it is any more or less effective than other types of health care. We need more high-quality research to find out which is the best way to reach out to patients and their health care providers about the benefits and harms of the use of email.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found nine randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 855 people with BPPV that met the criteria for the RCTs. All of the studies used postural restrictions as their change to the Epley manoeuvre. There was no difference in the rates of vertigo in any of the three groups. There were no serious side effects in the control group. However, there were some minor side effects such as neck stiffness due to wearing a cervical collar and discomfort in sleeping upright, dizziness and disequence in some of the patients. There is not enough evidence to support the use of mastoid oscillation (tricyclic oscillation) as an add-on to the manoeuvre for reducing the rate of bed rest in patients with symptoms of BPPVD.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 231 adults (aged 18 years or over) with nasal polyps. All four RCTs looked at the same type of surgery (endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) or polypectomy (n = 109) and systemic steroid treatment (one study, n = 109). One of the studies (109 adults) looked at both types of surgery and the other two (epistomy and steroids) compared them to each other. Although the types of treatment and types of steroids used in the studies were similar, the quality of the evidence was low or very low. There were not enough data to be sure that one method of surgery is better than the other. There was not enough evidence to say which treatment is the best. As the number of patients in each study was very low, the results should be viewed with caution. There is a need for more research in this area. We did not find any studies that looked at whether surgery is as good as the use of steroids (up to 21%) or if the risk of recurrence of the disease was the same as in the medical treatment arm. The most common complication in both groups was swelling of the nose (apharynxitis) in one of the two groups. We do not know if this was the cause of the swelling. We need more research to find out if there is a role for surgery or steroids in the management of chronic rhinosinusitis with nose polyps, as we did not have any evidence from the other than those that we looked at. The evidence is up to date to January 2015.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of zinc-fortified staple foods with or without micronutrients for fortification of foods. We found 8 RCTs with a total of709 participants. Seven of the trials were from the USA and one each from Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where the incidence of poor health is high. Four of the eight trials compared zinc- fortified foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four of them compared the same foods with other nutrients/factors with the same same foods containing other nutrients or the same nutrients or factors without zinc (comperison 2). The trials lasted from one to nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 of 1 of 2 of 2 included in this meta-analyses looked at zinc deficiency. We categorised most trials as being at unclear or high risk of bias for bias, but we did not think the fact that most of the participants did not know which foods they were consuming would have changed our conclusions. We did not find any trials that investigated the effect of adding zinc to wheat flour. There was no evidence that people consuming foods with zinc to their food were less likely to be underweight or to be stunted (i.e. have low weight in the first 2 to 3 months of life) or have low levels of iron in their blood (iron in their urine). No trial in one of 2 looked at whether they would have been less ill-healthly if they had been undernourished. There were no reports of any harmful effects of adding the zinc to foods with iron or copper to their foods. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of trials and participants in each of which we looked at each.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens to either medical or surgery for men with advanced prostate cancer. We found 11 RCTs with 3060 men with metastatic cancer. Most of the men included in the trials had prostate cancer that had spread to the prostate and were followed up for at least one year. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. We did not find any new trials at the time of the last search. The quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes. This means that it is not clear whether or not the effects of these drugs on cancer-specific survival and the rate of cancer recurrence are the same as the results of other Cochrane reviews or if they are different from them. Use of the drugs did not seem to reduce the risk of death from prostate cancer, or the need for surgery or both. Men who used the drugs were more likely to have side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia (joint pain), tiredness, loss of use of other drugs to treat their cancer, and the need to stop the drug due to side-effects. However, men with prostate cancer who used these drugs were less likely to die from their cancer than men with surgery alone. We also found that men with tumours that were less advanced than those that were more advanced, and that they were less resistant to other drugs that might help them to live longer. We are not sure if these men would have lived longer if they were treated with the same type of drug as those that are used in the treatment of their cancer. Currently, there is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2009. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effects of screening for breast cancer in women over 40 years of age. We found eight randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that included 600,000 women. We excluded a trial because the RCTs had failed to show the same group of women in the same groups. The trials with adequate randomisation did not show a significant reduction in breast cancer deaths at 13 years; four of the trials with suboptimal risk (RR) randomisation showed a reduction in the risk of breast cancer death with an RR of 0.81 (95% CI 0.67 to 0.83). We found that breast cancer mortality was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly due to the way the trials were analysed. The remaining three trials with good randomisation found no effect of screening on the number of deaths from any cause after 10 years (RR 1.02, 95%CI 0.95 to 1.10) or on all-cause death (RR 0.99) (OR 0.96) (or both of these). The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies were increased in the screened groups, as were the rates of cancer recurrence and recurrences. The use of radiotherapy was similar in both groups although there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer survival by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, 30%, it means that for every 2000 women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, one will avoid death from breast cancer and 10 healthy, healthy, would be treated. However, more than 200 participants in the trials will be in the next 10 years, when they are published. This means that in the first 10 years after screening, more women will be diagnosed with breast cancer, and in the second 10 years of follow-up, more of them will be alive and would be able to decide whether or not to be screened. This would not be done if they are not screened. The evidence is up to date to January 2015.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of hCG priming in IVM. We found four RCTs, with a total of 522 women. One of the trials (122 women) did not report any results for the trial, and so we did not include them in the review. Three of the four studies looked at hCG compared to no priming, and one of them (10,000 units hCG) compared to 10,000 unit hCG. The other three trials (400 women) looked at different rates of live birth, birth rate, and miscarriage. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019. The quality of the evidence was low. The main limitations were lack of blinding (i.e. women and their healthcare providers were not aware of the treatment received) and imprecision (data were too sparse for us to be sure that the true result was valid). When hCG was analysed in a meta-analysis, we found no evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or pregnancy rates. However, hCG may have led to a reduction in the rates of clinical pregnancy rates (22% of women who did not have hCG achieved pregnancy, while 23% of the women who received hCG did so). No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions (such as miscarriage). We were not able to determine whether hCG is safe. We need more evidence from well-designed trials to find out if hCG has an important impact on the chance of having a healthy pregnancies.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2004. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised older postmenopausal women (≥ 60 years of age) with symptoms of menopause to receive ERT or HRT. We found 16 RCTs (10,114 women) that we could analyse. We did not find any new trials at the time of the last search in March 2008. There is good evidence that both ERT and HRT are no better than placebo for improving the function of the brain in women over 60 years old. We are not sure whether ERT is better or worse than HRT in the specific subgroups of women (i.e. those who are less likely to be menopausal) who are more likely to have menopausal symptoms. However, there was some evidence that when ERT was added to HRT, they did not seem to be any different from each other. We do not know whether there is a role for ERT in the management of postmenopause symptoms in older women less than 60 years' of age. There were not enough trials to be sure about this. We need more trials in order to find out which is the best way to treat women who are menopausal. We plan to have an RCT in the USA by the year 2010.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that compared once-daily inhaled ICS/LABA with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO) for treatment of adults with COPD. We found two RCTs with a total of 880 participants. We identified one trial that is still in progress. Both studies were published as full articles and were at low risk of bias, meaning they were well designed and executed. Both of the studies lasted 12 weeks. We are uncertain as to whether once-a-day inhaled fluticasone/vilanterol versus LAMA, used in one inhaler, has a benefit or harm in terms of efficacy or side effects. The quality of the evidence is very low due to the small number of included trials and the short duration of the trials. Current evidence is not strong enough to show that once-day ICS and LABA are better or worse than LAMA for the treatment of COPD, nor to establish that once daily fluticasisone/vilanterol or tiotrpium 18 mcg are superior to LAMA. Further trials of longer duration are needed.
We found four short-term RCTs (RCTs) with a total of 169 patients with BDD. We found that fluoxetine and clomipramine appeared to be better than placebo (sugar pill) and CBT (ciprofloraciclovir) at treating BDD, with a low relapse rate (4/22) in one RCT of CBT and a low recurrences rate (n = 22) in the other trials. We recommend that the use of SSRIs or CBT should be the next step in the treatment of BDD patients.
The review of trials found that people with HIV who took cotrimoxazole for the first time had more adverse reactions to their drugs than those who took the drug every day. However, more than half of them stopped taking the drug due to the side effects of the drug. The review also found that if the drug was taken every day, more of the patients who took it every day stopped the drug early.
We searched for all randomised trials of midazolam in preterm neonates up to 28 days' postterm age. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 148 neonates. We included in the review three RCTs (enrolling 148 preterm infants) that met our criteria for the review. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered the quality of the evidence to be high for most of the outcomes (death, grade II or IV IVH or PVL), however, we did not find any new studies for this version of the Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019. Midazotam was compared with placebo (sugar or albumin solution) in one RCT (43 neonates) and with dextrose (placebo) in the other two trials (46 neonates). The length of time neonates spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was longer in the midazotramnate group than in the placebo group (n = 5.4 days). Sedation was similar in both groups (n= 2.5 days). In one trial, the sedation level was significantly higher in the sedative group. In the other study, the analgesic dose was lower in the anaesthetist group. The sedation levels of the sedator and the anaesthesist were comparable in the control group. We did not have enough data to be sure that the sedate dose was the same as the analgesia dose. In one of the two of the trials, the anaesthetic dose was as high as the placebo dose. We do not know if this would have the same impact on the number of deaths or the length of the NICU stay. In addition, we do not have information on the safety of this drug in babies born preterm. We are not confident that this drug is safe.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 767 participants. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the use of antibiotics to treat diarrhoea in otherwise healthy adults. We are uncertain about the effect of antibiotics in the first week of treatment as the quality of the evidence was very low. There were more side effects in the people who took antibiotics, and these were twice as many as in those who did not take the drugs. We do not know if the effects of antibiotics are the same as they should be for healthy adults or for severely ill adults. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4192 adults. The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 April 2019. The majority of the participants included in the RCTs were female, ranging in age from 18 to 65 years. The main characteristics of patients in the studies were age, gender, most of whom were male, and where they were most likely to have sepsis (i.e. acute, perinatal, peritoneal, or septic) as a result of their blood or urine tests. The studies were diverse in terms of the age range of adults (18-65 years old) included in each study (21 studies, 3650 adults), which meant that we were not able to pool their results. The results from 21 of the 23 studies (3650 adults) showed that 50% out of 1000 adults would be missed, and 74 out of 320 patients would be wrongly missed. If 1000 adults are missed, 330 of them would need to be treated with antibiotics, while 130 of 320 people would not be missed and would not receive the appropriate antibiotics. However, 370 of 1000 patients would avoid the need for antibiotics, and 170 patients would not have been missed. The quality of the evidence ranged from 12% to 78% across studies, and ranged from 60% to 72% in one of the 20 studies that were assessed as the final results of the review. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to differences in the way they were designed and executed. This means that we cannot be sure that their conclusions are valid.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of wound dressings to treat wounds caused by surgery. We found 29 RCTs with a total of 5718 patients. There were 16 trials (5718 participants) that compared wound dressing with no wound dressing (wound exposure) and five trials (involving 16 patients) that investigated 'clean/contaminated' surgery (surgery that does not need to be re-cleared). The rest of the trials compared other types of dressing (such as film, hydrocolloid dressing, silver dressings, and others) with each other. Most of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). It is not clear whether the risk of SSI is increased when wounds are covered by wound dressments. It is uncertain whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in preventing wound infections (SSI). There was limited and very low evidence on other outcomes, such as scarring, quality of dressing and ease of removal of wounds. There was very limited and low-certainty evidence on the other outcomes that we were interested in (scarring, pain and pain). The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small numbers of trials and the poor methods used in most of them. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (in which a group of people (the intervention group) is compared with a control group (placebo group) that randomise women to one of two or more treatment groups. We found one randomised trial (involving 179 women) that looked at the use of selenium yeast tablets in the first trimester of the baby's life (from 23 to 34 weeks of the woman's last trimester (menstruation period) up to the time of birth) to see if they could help prevent postnatal depression. Eighty-one women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one participants in the placebo arm completed the self-reported EPDS (a form of postnatal care) and 44 of them completed an EPDS within eight weeks of birth. There was a high risk of drop-out due to a large number of women who did not complete the EPDS or did not finish the study. The other randomised study (n = 85) looked at different types of medication (eicosapentaenic acid (DHA) and EPA) and compared them to each other. The women who were found to be at risk of postpartum depression in the EPA group (42) and 42 to DHA) were allocated to three groups: 42 women in EPA, 42 to EPA, 62 women in DHA, and 42 participants in placebo. No difference was found in the effects of EPA-rich fish oil or DHA-rich omega-blockers on postnatal depression. We are not able to recommend any other medicines for the prevention of postnatal depression as there is not enough data.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of anthracycline to treat heart failure in adults. We found 11 RCTs (803 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine the results from five of these RCTS, which showed that people with a doxorubicin dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or greater had a lower rate of heart failure than those with a dose of 60 mg or greater. We identified one RCT in children, but we did not have enough data to be sure that this was the case. We also identified one trial in adults, but data obtained in adults could not be used in this review. We did not find one RTC for children, and so we do not know if this would have affected our conclusions. We need more high-quality research in both in children and adults, and in leukaemia and solid tumours.
We found 37 randomised trials with a total of 3110 people with TBI. Most of the people in the trials had TBI after craniotomies or head and neck surgery, and most of them were adults. The evidence is current to August 2017. We found no clear evidence to suggest that hypothermia is beneficial in the management of brain brain injury. Thirty-three of the 37 trials reported death or unfavourable outcome, and 14 of them reported the need for a course of antibiotics. We did not pool the results for these outcomes, but we used the GRADE method to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome. We judged the overall results for death and unfavouration to be very low. We used the number of deaths in the control group as low and the rate of admissions to hospital as high. We also used the rate at which death was assessed as low or very low as we could not combine the results from all of the trials. We considered the duration of treatment and the length of follow-up in the subgroups of trials to be too short for us to be able to analyse them fully. However, we were able to use them in a meta-analysis for the treatment of people with brain brain injuries. There is a need for more research in this field.
Three high-quality and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 participants, were identified. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and the way they were assessed. Although some studies were of high quality, their findings were too mixed to be able to compare them to each other. We were not able to combine the results from the three studies, but we were able to include them in the meta-analysis. The meta-analyses showed that, when compared to no treatment or a waiting list condition, the use of the psychosocial therapy for the treatment of depression was more beneficial than no therapy or a control group, and that it was more effective than no treatment, at the same time as it was in the control group. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review were to assess the benefits and harms of Duxil for people with Alzheimer's disease. We found three randomised trials with a total of 206 participants. All three trials were of low quality and assessed as being at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and executed). Due to the low quality of the three trials, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of duxil in the management of behaviour and death at the end of treatment and in the first six months after treatment. Behaviour, quality of life, caregiver burden and cost of care were not assessed in the trials. Further high-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
The purpose of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of drains after axillary lymphadenectomy. The search is up-to-date as of 7 January 2013. We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 960 patients. The quality of the included RCTs was low. There was a high level of variation in the methods used to conduct the studies, which makes it hard to be sure that their results are valid. The results of the search indicate that drains are less likely to cause cancer after axile lymphadenotomy than no drains, and that they reduce the number of patients who have a cancer recurred after surgery. However, drains are more expensive to use and therefore they are more likely to be used in patients who need surgery. The drain does not seem to increase the risk of infection or the need for haematoma recurrences. The length of hospital stay in the drained population was 1.47 days greater than in those who had no drain. There were no differences in the incidence of lymphoedema (blood in their urine) in the drain group compared with the no drain group. We did not find any difference in the amount of blood in the drains or in the length of time in which the drain was used. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is a Cochrane review of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of different types of flavonoids on colorectal neoplasms. Eight RCTs with 390,769 participants were found that met the criteria for the review. Five of the studies used a cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a RCT. The quality of the evidence was mixed for most of the outcomes. There was some evidence to support the use of procyanidin and phytoestrogen in the prevention of colon cancer, but the evidence for Isoflavones, flavonols, flavones and Flavaones for preventing colon cancer neoplomas was mixed. For Flava-3-ols, the results from two of the three case-controlled trials (involving 179,902 participants) showed that increased intake of Flva-2-ols reduced the risk of both colon cancer and colon cancer. For epicatechin, the evidence from one of the two case-comparing it to a placebo group (inactive drug) was inconclusive. For other flavonoid regimens, there was no evidence to suggest that high anthocyanin intake had an impact on the rate of colon cancers. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence about the effects of the amount of fruit and whole grain intake on the incidence of neoplasm. It is difficult to assess the effect on the intake of other types of drugs used in the diet.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefit or harm of extending the duration of treatment for patients infected with HCV. We found seven RCTs (involving 1369 patients) that met our criteria for the review. All of the trials had high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). None of the included trials mentioned our main outcomes. However, we found that the length of treatment did not make a difference to the number of patients who remained in the treatment groups. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks. There was no reporting on death from any cause or adverse events. In the one trial that reported adverse events, no difference was seen in the rates of adverse events in the two groups. There is a need for more studies in this area. The evidence is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared EUS with no EUS in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have cancer free of recurrence on CT scan. We found two RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. One RCT (34 patients) found that EUS was as good as it could be at eliminating the cancer and the other (34 participants) was not as good at removing the cancer from the blood. We are uncertain as to how good EUS is at preventing cancer recurrence in the first time that the cancer is found to be free of cancer when it is found on CT scans. There is a need for more studies in this area.
We found 34 randomised controlled trials (RCTs and 6 CCTs) with a total of 19229 participants with blepharitis. There were 20 RCTs (involving 1661 adults) of topical steroids (i.e. eye drops or drops) and 14 (included in meta-analyses) of ointment and antifungals (e.g. drops or gels) of eye drops and/or a mouthwash. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. There is no strong evidence for the use of any of these treatments in terms of curing the disease. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were found to be effective in eliminating bacteria from the eyelid margin for the treatment of the disease in one out of eight patients. The effectiveness of other antibiotics, such as topical steroids and ointments, was not clear. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat the disease and what is the most cost-effective way to reduce the long-term costs of treatment.
We found one randomised trial with a total of 23 children with RRP a few days old. We did not find any of our main outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was assessed in the study. There was no difference between the groups (very low-risk of bias). Some side effects in the child included swelling in the airway that required an intubation (bronchodilator) in a child with severe RRP, a few hours after photodynamic therapy. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as there is not any high-quality evidence from randomised controlled trials.
We identified 42 randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4220 participants. These trials compared CDUS with CDUS for endoleaks. We found that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of specificity (i.e. the number of patients with an endoleak with a positive test) and was better than CDUS when used with or without the use of contrast. We also found that when CDUS is used with a CT scan, the test is more accurate than the CDUS test. We are not sure if the difference is due to the age of the participant or the fact that the study was done in the past 10 years. We were not able to combine the data from all of the trials due to differences in the design and reporting of the studies.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with low back pain of less than 34 weeks' postmenstrual age and any other labour pain that had been in labour. We found seven RCTs, with 766 women. All of them looked at pain in labour only. We did not find any other types of pain. The quality of the evidence was good, but four of the studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of the treatment groups, poor reporting of the methods used, and the lack of blinding of the women and their carers. We were not able to pool the data due to the small numbers of women in each study. We combined the results of all studies, which did not allow us to pool their results. One study found that more women had pain relief with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with saline (20% to 25%). There was no difference in the rates of caesarean section (0.33 to 1.02), forceps or ventouse use (1.31 to 2.18), or the use of painkillers (epidural). No adverse events were reported other than short-term pain with injection, which was worse with the sterile water. In one study, more of the mothers who had received the same analgesia (painkillers) than those who had placebo (saline) in the first part of their labour, would need the same painkillers in the second part of labour. No study looked at satisfaction with pain relief of the labour, women's sense of control in labour, rates of breastfeeding, rates, or the cost of care for the mother or her baby. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared synthetic glue with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 1932 participants. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high. The risk of bias for most of the outcomes ranged from very low to very high. Most of the trials were at high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a bias in the way they were designed and executed) as well as bias due to the lack of blinding of the participants and the fact that most of them did not use a blinding method for at least some of their outcomes. The results of the review showed that the pain in the glue group was less severe than in the suture group. This was the same as for those who had a suture and those who did not have a mesh. However, the results changed when we looked at the type of mesh that was used in some of the studies. We also found that the length of time that the mesh was used to fix the hole in the skin was similar in both groups. We did not find any difference in the rate of recurrence of the hole between the two groups. There was also no difference in length of stay in the hospital for the mesh group. One study was funded by the manufacturer that made the fibrin sealant. Due to the low quality of evidence, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits and harms of the use of synthetic glue for mesh fixings in the larynx. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are required.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2004. We found 33 randomised or quasi-RCTs on the topic. We grouped them into three main groups: 1) the 'package' of the 'whole-of-man' (i.e. a 'package') of the various processes used to create an overview of the literature (a'meta-meta-analytic') of scientific and non-abstracts (a meta-analysis) of a topic) of the same topic (an overview of all the references in a paper) and 2) the meta-analyser (meta-analysed) of all of the titles of all relevant articles (analysing the full text of each of these titles) used by the same group of articles. We located 32 randomised controlled trials on the subject topic. All of the papers in the review were of high quality. The majority of them were of good to very high quality, although a few were of poor or very low quality. There is a great need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or cross-over trials that compared codeine with placebo in adults with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. We found 15 trials with 721 participants. All of the trials were of good quality, but all except for one were of low or very low quality in terms of design or how they were done. Most of them were small, of short duration, and most had problems in their methods. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cause of cancer pain. Most studies used codeine at a dose of 30 mg to 120 mg, and 12 used it alone, and three used it in combination with paracetamol (acetaminol). Most studies looked at the effect of a single dose of the drug, while five used treatment times of one, seven or 21 days. There was not enough data for us to be sure that codeine worked any better than placebo. We were not able to pool the results of the studies due to inconsistency in the reporting of results. We are not sure if codeine works any more well than other analgesic drugs, and we are not certain if it is any more or less well than the other analgesics used in the trials. We have not been able to tell whether codeine is any better or worse than other painkillers for cancer pain than placebo, because we did not find any good- or bad-treatments. We did not have enough data to be certain about the effects of codeine on pain, side-effect rates, or side-effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomized randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 563 people with sickle cell disease, HbSS or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. Most of the participants were African-American. The interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks, and the assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion of the program. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high. There were some issues with the design of some of the trials, such as not all participants in the control group (i.e. not all trialists were in the intervention group) and not all people in the group receiving the intervention were included in the review. This means that we were not able to pool the results of the studies. There is a need for more research in this area. The overall risk of bias was low for most of the outcomes. In some trials, it was not clear whether participants and their carers knew which group the patient was in (e.g. patient or carer) and this could have led to bias. In other trials, the carer (or both) was aware of the group to which the person was in the treatment group. This could have bias could have affected the results. We were not confident that the carers in the study groups were aware of which group they were in, and it is not clear if they would have been able to guess which treatment group they would be in. However, we were also not sure if carers would have known which treatment they were receiving. We are not confident in the results are valid for all of the other outcomes that we looked at. There was some low- or very low-certainty evidence that patients who participated in the education program had better knowledge of sickle cells disease, and those who did not participate in the program, than those who were not in the training group. We also found that those who took part in the studies were more likely to be able to recognise the signs and symptoms of illness and to self-manage the illness. We did not have enough data to be certain about the effect on the use of health services. No data were available for patients or carers. No effects of the education programs were seen on the ability to cope, or the quality of life of patients or caregivers. It is not possible to say whether the effect of the programs is real or not, as too few trials were found.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2411 participants. All six RCTs compared brivaracetam as an add-on to placebo for people with epilepsy to see if it helped them to stop the seizures. The trials were of short duration (ranging from 7 to 16 weeks), and most of them involved adults (16 and 80 years of age) with epilepsy that was resistant to antiepileptic drugs. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. The results of the review show that when used as an additional treatment for people who have epilepsy that is resistant to drugs, people with severe seizures are more likely to be free of seizures (50% or greater) and achieve seizure freedom (30% or more seizure free) than those who are treated with placebo. However, people treated with brivolacetam were more often to stop treatment due to side-effects (low- or low-quality evidence). It is important to note that only one of the six trials (involving adults) looked at people with generalised seizures (i.e. seizures that occurred in other parts of the brain). None of the other studies included people younger than 16 years old, and all of the studies were short-term (seven or eight weeks). This means that most of the people included in the trials were under the age of 16 years. Therefore, the evidence is most relevant for those people whose seizures have not been free of epilepsy for more than six months.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine in children and adults. We found 38 RCTs, most from high-income and low- to middle-income countries, many of which looked at parents' views of the information they were given about the vaccine. Some focused on the MMR vaccine itself, while others looked at other vaccines or at the source of the vaccine (e.g. measles, mps, rubec). We have high or low or very low confidence in most of the findings of this Cochrane review. Lack of information led some parents to worry and regret about their decision to vaccinate their child. We have moderate or high confidence in some of the results, but we were not able to combine them in a meta-analysis due to variation in the methods used in the studies. Overall, we found that parents wanted more information than they were getting. We are confident in the results of this review, although we were less sure about them where we had very low or low confidence. Parents often felt that the amount of information they wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted seemed to be linked to the number of parents who agreed to take part in the trial. We were not sure if this was the case in rural or low-to-middle-income country settings, as we were unable to find any evidence. We also had very few data where we were most concerned about the quality of the evidence.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 10 randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven of the 10 RCTs had been included in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials in this update. Two of the included trials were from the USA, and one was from the UK. Most of the participants in the trials were adults, but two of them were younger (18 years or younger). The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The results of the review suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This is based on just one RCT, with 40 participants. There were no differences in the body mass index (BMI) or body weight (kg/m²) for either TAU or CBT, nor in the number of dropouts from treatment (overall dropout rate) between the two groups. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychological therapy might be superior to TAU, but again this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but the evidence comes from just one trial with 35 participants. None of the trials found any adverse effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found three randomised trials with a total of 516 adults. One of the studies was from the USA, and the other two were from Germany. The first study was conducted in the USA and was funded by the National Eye Institute; the second study was from Germany; both trials were at low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the trial). The first trial had a large number of adults (26) with recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. The second trial was a multicentre trial (n = 271 adults) and involved 151 adults. The use of either perfluropropane (F6H8) or silicone oil appeared to be reasonable for most patients with RD. There do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes in any of the trials in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity at one year or achieving macular attachment. There were no differences between silicone oil and perfluorohexafluoropropane (SF6) gas tamponades. Of the 94 adults in the first trial, four died, 26 had a recurrence of retinitis, 22 had a retinopathy of the retina, four had an oesophageal cancer, and four had oedema (clouding of the lens of the eye). All three trials used a method of masking of participants and surgeons, and in one of them, the outcome assessors (a team) were aware of the treatment group. This may have led to bias. For the third trial, the number of adverse events was not reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified. For each of the 94 participants in the trial, only the total number of side-effects was reported. The number of people in each group was not enough to be sure that they were in the same group. All of the three trials were free of bias. The quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes. The overall findings of the review are based on only one small trial with a small sample size and a small number of participants. We are not confident that the results are valid for many of the outcome measures used in the trials.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) that assessed the best time to give birth to a healthy infant that were at low risk of high blood pressures (i.e. high blood pressure in the first trimesters of life) at 34 weeks' postmenstrual age. We included five randomised trials with a total of 1819 participants in this review. There was a lower risk of death of the mother or her baby, or both, for women who had planned early birth (two studies, 1459 women). There was no clear difference in the number of babies who died or had a caesarean section (three studies, 1728 women) or in the length of time they spent in hospital (one study, 756 babies). There were too few data to be sure that early birth was better or worse than planned preterm birth for the babies' health. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about the effects of early birth on the combined outcomes of the death of babies or their health. We did not have enough information to tell us whether early birth of the baby was any more or less good or worse for the mother, or if there was any effect on the health of her or her child. There is a need for more studies to look at the different types of hypertensive disease that are seen in pregnancy and the optimal time to have a healthy birth for mothers and their babies.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 142 participants that met the criteria for the review. We combined the results from two of these trials, which showed that the use of prophylaxis reduces the number of joint bleeds when given three times a week for three to seven years, as compared to use of on-demand treatment. We also found three of the other trials that showed that there is strong data to show that preventive treatment with anticoagulant drugs (prophylactics) reduces the amount of blood that children with hemophilitis have to bleed each day. We did not have enough data to be certain about the safety of these drugs in children. We need more trials in adult patients to find out which is the best way to keep the joint healthy.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found one new trial in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in February 2015. In this update we included 13 trials with 1824 patients. Ten of the 13 trials (782 patients) were published in the 1980s and none in the late 1990s. We were not able to pool the data for any of the outcomes due to the differences in the treatments assessed in the trials. Eight of the trials (894 patients) aimed to induce remission; the other five (892 patients) tried to maintain remission. In two out of three trials (282 patients) there was an increased risk of death for the treatment group. However, the difference was not significant. Overall survival did not increase in either of the treatment groups. In conclusion, the review shows that less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce the same effect with less adverse event profile. The quality of the included trials was not high and, therefore, we are unable to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of treatments for patients with schizophrenia.
The purpose of this review were to find out which is the best way to treat Rhophylac for RhD, and through our search we found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 447 women. One of the RCTs (involving 432 women) found that the IgG (i.e. the white blood cell count) after IV and IM (injection of the drug) treatment were the same (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) n/mL IM on day seven). The other RCT (included in the review) found no difference between the two routes of administration (intravenous (IV) and IM) for the outcomes of RhD alloimmunization, as the sample size was not large (14 and 432 women). The number of patients included in the studies was too small for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of one method over the other.
We found eight trials with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. All of the patients had diabetes and had been at high risk for CVD (i.e. heart disease or stroke). All trials looked at the same type of drug (clopidogrel, ticlopidine, aspirin or dipyridamole) and compared it to aspirin or placebo. The mean duration of the trials ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Overall the risk of bias of the studies was low. We did not have any data from any of the included trials on the effects of the drugs on the prevention of CVD, the quality of life of the people with diabetes, or the costs of treatment. We were not able to pool the data from the trials as they were all too different from each other in terms of the populations they looked at, the treatments they used, and the patients who took them, as most trials did not use the same measures to prevent the CVD in the same way. Therefore, we do not know if the use of these drugs in people with CVD reduces the death from any cause or the myocardial infarction (heart attack or stroke) in the short or long term.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of NIV for airway clearance in adults. We found 10 trials with a total of 191 people with cystic fibrosis. Most of the trials had a low risk of bias due to the way they described their methods. The six-week trial was the only trial judged to be of high quality. The other six trials were of low or unclear quality due to poor description of their study designs. We were not able to blind the patients in most of the studies as most of them did not use a placebo control group. Six trials (151 participants) compared NIV with physiotherapy. We did not find any evidence that NIV helped to improve sputum (bronchiolitis) in adults, but we did find that it may improve some lung function measures. Three of the 10 trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a mouth mask and in one trial it is not clear whether the use of a face mask affected the results. Three trials (27 participants) assessed non-invasive ventilation for overnight ventilatory support compared to oxygen or room air using nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or full face masks (one trial). We found no clear difference in the effect of non invasive ventilation compared to room air for any of our outcomes. One trial (13 patients) assessed NIV on the amount of exercise that people could do each day and did not report on any of the main outcomes of this review. No clear difference was found in the number of people who could do exercise with NIV compared to those who could not breathe on their own. Three studies reported on side effects of the NIV therapy. One of them (13 participants) reported that a participant could not take part in the trial due to pain in their lungs. In the other three trials (13 trials) we did not have any data. We are not sure if NIV helps to reduce the rate of flare-ups (flare-ups) or the length of time it takes to recover from a flare-up. We do not know if it helps to prevent or delay the need for lung transplantation. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes in this review is very low due to a lack of detail in the literature.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2004. We found three new randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that met the criteria for this update. We analysed the results of these three new RCTs and found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in people with stable COPD had no clear effect on the amount of air that they could walk in six to 12 weeks (mean of 6MWD 27.7 m) and the number of people who could walk home from home in the night-time hours of the day to the day after treatment, or both of these. We were not able to combine the findings of the three new long-term trials as they were too small and short-term for us to be able to analyse them. However, we were able to include them in our analysis of the meta-analyses of the longer-term results of the two new studies, which did not show that NPPV had an effect on oxygen levels in the blood, lung function or quality of life.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of induction of labour in the birth of the mother or her baby before 34 weeks' postmenstrual age. We found four RCTs, with a total of 1190 women. The evidence is up-to-date as of 29 June 2015. The trials were of mixed or high quality for most of the outcomes, with some being at low or unclear risk of bias. There was no clear difference in the rate of caesarean section (eight trials, 1190 pregnant women) or the need for instrumental birth (low- or high-risk) in the induction group compared with the control group. The risk of shoulder dystocia (births in which the mother is pushed up against a forceps or ventouse) was lower in the treatment group. There were no clear differences in the risk of an injury to the brachial plexus (a part of the pelvis) in either group. However, the number of babies in the group experiencing such an injury was too small for us to be sure about this. We were not able to pool the results of the trials as there were too few babies in each group and we were unable to analyse them all, but we were able to use the GRADE method for some outcomes. We judged the quality of the evidence for the outcomes of the review using GRADE to be low or very low. This was due to the lack of blinding (i.e. women and staff knew which group the woman was in) and for other 'risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as high or low quality.
We found 56 randomised trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most of the participants were older than 70 years. Forty-eight of the trials recruited 94,491 healthy participants, nine of which were conducted in the USA, one in Brazil and one each in the Netherlands, the UK and the Netherlands. Vitamin D was administered for an average of 4.4 years. More than half of the studies had a low risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). Most of them were of high-income countries. Ninety-four trials reported no deaths, and nine of the 56 trials reported deaths but did not report in which treatment group the death occurred. The mean age of the people in each trial ranged from 17 to 21 years old. The majority of participants were female (77%) and the average age of women in the trials was 77 years. We did not find any evidence that vitamin D increased or decreased the risk of death. We found that the effect of vitamin D on death was similar to that of placebo (sugar pill) or no treatment (a fake medicine) in all trials. However, more than 8% of people in the placebo group dropped out of the control group, and more than 11% of those in the vitamin D group died. We also found that when vitamin D was used alone, vitamin D decreased the number of deaths (11.0% vs 11.4%). However, when we looked at different forms of Vitamin D, alfacalcidol (calcium) and calcitriol (an antifungal drug) were more likely to decrease the death rate (11 and 11.0%, both of which are known to reduce death rates). We found no difference in the cancer rate (10.0%) between the treatment group and the non-treatment group. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of the use of vitamins D in the prevention of death due to the small numbers of deaths in these trials.
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat or sibutramine, when used alone, can lead to a small but noticeable weight loss in people with type 2 diabetes. The size of the weight loss was modest, and the long-term effects of this drug are not clear. There is a lack of information on other drugs that can be used to help people lose weight.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared VGB with CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. We assessed one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. It was not possible to pool the results of the studies in a meta-analysis, which is the aim of this review, as we had planned to do so, but we were able to use the data to analyse them all together. We found that VGB was better than CBZ in terms of the time to first seizure (i.e. the first seizure of a course of antiepileptic drugs) and the number of seizures per month. However, CBZ was found to be better than VGB at keeping epileptic drugs in the eyes of the epileptic patient. Adverse effects from VGB were similar to those from CBZ, although VGB caused more skin rash and drowsiness. We are not able to say if VGB is the best treatment for epilepsy due to the lack of good quality RCTs.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found four RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. One RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published any results. The remaining two RTCs included 600 participants with a mean age of 38 years and a mean follow-up of 12 months. In one RCT G-CSF plus plerixafor were used, while in the other RCT the use of plersureafor was used as the control group. The results of the meta-analysis showed no difference in the rate of death at 12 months and adverse events (such as bone cancer recurrence) in people who had received plersurgery compared to those who had not. There was some evidence that more patients in the plersuranceafor group had more stem cell transfusions in a shorter time than those in the placebo group, although more than half (82%) of 82) of 82 participants in the trial arm had to have their stem cells transfused. None of the trials reported on quality of life or progression-free survival (i.e. the length of time that the cancer was still confined to the tumour's body). Due to the lack of data, it is not clear if the effect of using plersime for a longer time is meaningful. The quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of cones for SUI. We found 23 RCTs (involving 1806 women) that met our criteria. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Cones were compared to no treatment, pelvic floor exercises (PFMT) or electrostimulation (where a forceps is placed over the anus to get the urine out) for urinary incontinence. There were a number of issues with the methods used in some of the studies, which meant that we were not able to analyse them fully. The results of the review showed that cones may be better than no treatment in terms of the rate of cure of SUI, and may be as good as PFMT and electrostimulate. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at costs. The conclusions are based on a small trial with a low risk of bias.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effect of any intervention on TTR in patients with OAT. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 2246 patients. The interventions tested were: education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found some low- or very low-certainty evidence that the effects of self-management of TTR (e.g. question-and-treatments) on improving quality of life for TTR patients receiving OAT were similar to those of the control group (i.e. usual care). We also found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with the usual care group. However, we found no evidence for the use of the self-control group for the purpose of improving TTR. The quality of the evidence was very low. This is due to the small size of the studies and the low numbers of patients included in the review. Therefore, we are not able to draw definitive conclusions about the impact of interventions on anticoagulant control in AF patients.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2004. In this update we found seven new trials (778 women) that we could include. The review found that prostaglandin E2, compared with placebo or no treatment, improved the chances of having a healthy birth in 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the babies' heart rate was increased (4.8% versus 1.0%). The caesarean rate was reduced by about 10% (13.5% versus 14.8%). PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, any differences in effect are marginal but may be important.
The review of trials found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress had similar effects to incubator care in terms of body temperatures and weight gain. This was the case in one of the one trial that reported on episodes of hypoxia (hypoxia) and the second in the third in the fourth in the fifth in the review.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of either open or closed surgery to see if there were any differences in how well they worked. We found three RCTs, with a total of 146 participants. The main finding of the review was that the evidence was of low- to very low-quality, and that both the open and closed surgical techniques were just as good as each other. One surgery in the closed group had to be stopped due to loss of the gold chain (closed group) and the other two in the open group had problems with their gums. One of the two cases where the gums were lost to the participants, in which one tooth was lost, caused the other to have an infection. The other case in which the other tooth was found to have been lost, was the other case where the other teeth were found to be lost. We were not able to pool data for any of the other outcomes that we were interested in (e.g. patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time). This means that we do not know if one method is better than the other. The evidence is up to date to June 2015.
We found three randomised trials, with a total of 244 women. The prostaglandins used in the trials were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and misoprostol in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The review of the three trials found limited, very low-certainty data on the effect and the side-effects of prostagmenin for the management of retained placenta. The risk of bias in the studies was high. We did not have any data for the outcomes of death of the mother or her baby, or the need to add a drug to the uterotonic (a drug used to treat uteritis) and the need for a blood transfusion. The findings of this review are based on three small, poor-quality, randomised controlled trial (involving 244 women) that were considered at high risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance) and bias (that is, there was a bias due to the design of the trial). The review found that prostagmanins were no more or less effective than placebo in reducing the rate of manual removal of Placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusions, blood loss and the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes) or side-effect rates (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea). Side-effects were similar in both groups, with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in those who received prostaginin. We were not able to make any conclusions about the effect or side effect rates. More high-quality research in this area is required.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) of preterm babies born before 34 weeks' postmenstrual age. We found six RCTs (involving 355 newborns) that met our inclusion criteria. Two of the studies used CPAP, the other three used CNP, and one used endotracheal CPAP. The use of CDP combined with CPAP or CNP resulted in a lower risk of treatment failure, fewer deaths, and an increased rate of lung injury (pneumothorax) in preterm neonates. We did not find any difference in the number of neonates who were still alive at nine to 14 years of age. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. Therefore, it is not clear which method of administration is the best to use for preterm infants born preterm.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found six small and/or short-term randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 157 participants that met the inclusion criteria. Pooled results from two of the six trials showed that foam dressings do not improve the rate of healing diabetic foot ulcers as much as basic wound contact dressings. There was no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in the healing of wounds in people with diabetes than other types of dressing. There is a need for more research in the area.
We identified three randomised trials. One trial, with 32 patients, showed that surgery is better than endoscopy in terms of pain relief for the early stage of disease (i.e. the first six to 12 weeks of follow-up), but the number of patients included in the trial was relatively small. The other two trials, with a total of 111 patients, compared surgery with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group. Both trials showed that the surgery group had more pain relief than the endoscopic group, but only one of them had a large sample size, which meant that the results should be viewed with caution. None of the trials had a high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for both trials.
We found one randomised trial (involving 857 patients) that looked at whether early skin excision surgery at the time of skin surgery reduced the risk of wound infection. The wounds were sutured after the excision. This trial was at a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way patients were put in the treatment group and the fact that the surgery was done in a way that favoured the surgery group). The results of the trial showed that there was no difference in the number of patients who developed wound infections (857 patients in the early bathing group and 8.8% in the delayed bathing group) in the first 10 days after the skin surgery. There were no data on the second 10 days, and so it is not clear if this would have had an effect on the rate of wound infections. We recommend that more randomised trials be run to find out if early skin surgery is better or worse than delayed skin surgery for patients who have minor skin excisions.
We found one randomised trial (involving 35 people with MS) that looked at prednisone for at least one month. Participants were adults, and most of them had MS of the arm and leg. The people in the control group (included in the meta-analysis) received no treatment or placebo (a fake medicine). The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2017. We did not find any other randomised or quasi-randomised trials. The only trial we found did not measure the main aim of this review (i.e. remission of neuropathy Impairment Scale (NMS) for MS) and we were able to use the NMS for one of our main outcomes for this review). We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednison when compared with no treatment. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but there was one participant who died. There was little or no difference in the number of participants who achieved remission or in the amount of improvement in the symptoms of MS in either group. Dexamethasone was similar to prednisolone in terms of side effects, except that sleeplessness was less common with dexamethasisone as was moon facies (the shape of the face) (a sign of MS). We rated the quality of the evidence for the main outcome as very low. This was due to the lack of detail in the trial's design and the small size of the trial. Therefore, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions about the use of corticosteroids in MS. However, we know from the long-term risks of these drugs in MS patients, and we know that they can cause serious side effects. We need more research to find out which is the best to use for MS.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of remote or face-to-face asthma check-ups in adults. We found six RCTs, with a total of 2100 participants. Four of the studies were in the UK, one in the USA and one each in Australia, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. All of the patients included in the studies had severe acute asthma. The other one was in the US, and one was from the UK. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up had an acute flare-up (flare-up) that needed a course of medication (oral steroids) than those who were seen in person. We are not sure if this would have happened more often if they had a home-based or hospital-based visit. We do not know whether the number of patients who received a phone-based review was increased more than in the person-based group. However, we do know that in the group-based study, it did increase the total number of participants who were able to receive a review. We were not able to tell whether the risk of adverse events was any greater in the remote-compared group. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low or very low. This was due to a lack of blinding (i.e. the healthcare providers and patients knew which group the patient was in) and a high dropout rate in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 212 people with JIA. All three RCTs compared exercise to a control group that did not exercise. The results showed that exercise does not seem to improve the function of the body in the short term (up to three weeks) and does not appear to cause any long-term adverse effects. The quality of the included and excluded trials was good, although not high due to the lack of data. No conclusions can be drawn as to whether or not exercise therapy is beneficial for the treatment of JIA based on the results of this review. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. We found that the use of antibiotics in the first six to 12 week of postmenstrual acute exacerbations (i.e. flare-ups of a flare-up that leads to a worsening of the disease) may lead to a reduction in the rate of treatment failure in those with mild to moderate exacerbations. Antibiotics appear to be safe and may reduce the risk of adverse events (such as diarrhoea and skin rash) when given to those who are at high risk of an acute exacerbation. However, we are not sure if their use is safe or safe for those patients who are likely to benefit from an exacerbation, or for whom their use may not benefit them. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high. The evidence for most of the outcomes was of low or very low quality. This was due to inconsistency in the results of the review. For example, we did not have enough data to be certain about some of our results, and we were not able to pool data for some of them.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of eating whole grain in healthy adults or those at high risk of CVD (i.e. heart failure, stroke, heart surgery, or both) on blood lipids and blood pressure. We found nine RCTs (involving a total of 1414 people) that met our criteria for the review. We did not find any trials that reported the effects of whole grain diets on death from any cause or CVD events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, or total stroke). All of the trials were small and had a short duration (no more than 16 weeks). Four of the studies were conducted in the USA, while the rest of the other four were published in other countries. In four of the included trials, part of the funding was provided by the manufacturer of the food that the food was used in the food. In the other trials, the funding source was unclear or high. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes. There was a small number of trials, with small sample sizes and relatively short-term duration, making it hard to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of the diet for CVD risk factors.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that looked at the use of weight-bearing in adults (aged 18 years or over) who had had an orthopaedic surgery. We found 28 RCTs with a total of 1896 participants. The use of a range-of-movement device (e.g. a foot or leg) was used in seven of the 28 studies. The other three studies looked at different types of devices used to help the patient spend the length of time he or she was immobilised. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The majority of the studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the way they were done or reported) and over half the rest of the evidence was at low risk of the same bias (that is, there was a bias in the way the study was done or did not report the true effect of the treatment). Most of the trials were of poor or very low quality in terms of design or how they were carried out. The results of the review showed that there is a need for more research in this area. There is some evidence from one small study (with 60 participants) that using an electrotherapy modality (where the electrical impulses are passed around the body) may help in the short-term to reduce the swelling of the foot or the ankle. However, this is based on a very low-risk of bias and the results should be viewed with caution. More trials that are well-designed and large-scale are required to strengthen the results.
This review found that a home-based nursing programme and a medication diaries programme for children, conducted by their pharmacist, may help to increase the use of antifungal drugs in the long term. There was no evidence to suggest that these programmes have an effect on patients' or doctors' knowledge or use of the drugs. A second trial of caregiver medications diaries showed that the treatment group had fewer missed doses (85% vs 92%) than the control group (between 85% and 92%). This study did not show that the diaries had an impact on the patients' knowledge, use of drugs, or the amount of medication they took each day. A third non-randomised trial of peer support group therapy for adolescents showed no change in patients' adherence to the drugs, but did show that children on the lopinavir-ritonavir/r (LPV/r) regimen showed greater viral load suppression than those on the non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NRTI) regimen (n=781). However, the number of patients who were able to use the drugs was more than that on the NRTI group (p=002). A fourth non-clinical trial of nursing intervention at home for adolescents, conducted in low-income countries, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, but showed that those who were home-delivered the drugs more often used them. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that a dose of fenoprofen 200 mg provided effective pain relief for at least 4 to 6 hours for up to 6 in 10 (72%) participants experiencing moderate to severe pain after third molar extract, laparoscopy (an X-ray of the jaw) or minor day surgery. There were not enough data to assess the effectiveness of other doses of the drug, or the side effects that these drugs cause.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for randomised trials in February 2015. We found six trials with a total of 857 women. Four of the trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the trial). Four trials compared pelvic floor muscles (PFMT) as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857 participants) and the other two trials compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n=118 participants). There was a significant bias in two out four trials in this comparison. Pooling data on the severity of prolapse from two of the three trials suggested that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. Two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Two out of three trials which looked at urinary outcomes (urdynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptoms score) found differences between groups in favour of the pelvic floor group. One of the two trials that looked at the effect of PFMT on the body's ability to work out its muscles (one of the other outcomes) found that the body was stronger in terms of strength. There was not enough evidence to say whether or not PFMT is better than surgery alone for women with symptomatic prolapse. There is now some data from one of the largest and most rigorous trials to date. The largest trial to date found that six months of supervised PFMT improved both anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) of the woman's prolapse symptoms, and reduced the length of time it took to get better. However, the trial was not large and the number of women in the group in the treatment group was too small for us to be sure that this was the case. We need more research to find out which is the best way to treat prolapse, and if there are other ways to prevent prolapse in the long term.
Fourteen trials (1,724 participants or ears) were found that compared quinolone to no drug treatment or antiseptics, or both, and found that it was better than no drug, and better than both. Evidence regarding side effects was generally weak. Evidence for the use of other antibiotics in patients with CSOM was also weak, with mixed results over time.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane review published in 2011. We found 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6253 people. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most of the RCTs were of poor quality and many of them had a high risk of bias. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will lead to over-testing of around 40% of people with schizophrenia, which means that for every 100 of those who have schizophrenia, around five to 19 of them will be missed by the FRS test. For the rest of those people, the test will miss the patient and the clinician and the patient will not be able to decide whether they have schizophrenia or not. However, for most of them, the first time they will be assessed by a clinician. This means that the doctor will often miss the correct test and the wrong test for the wrong person. For example, for every 19 people who have the wrong result, around 40 of them would be missed and would not receive the correct treatment. This error would lead to the wrong treatment for their symptoms. For those people with the wrong symptoms, the correct FRS would miss the wrong patient and they would not get the right treatment. For these individuals, the right test would wrongly identify them as 'disease-free' schizophrenia. For others, the wrong FRS might miss the right patient and cause them the wrong amount of care. For many of these people, it could lead to them not getting the right therapy. For some of these patients, the incorrect FRS may delay them from the right care they need. Some of these individuals may experience a delay in getting the wrong treatments. For other patients, where the right tests are not available, they could be prematurely discharged from care. We hope that newer Cochrane reviews - to be published in the next Cochrane version of this review - will show better results.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 10 randomised trials, of which 5 were new for this update. Nine of the 10 studies (2003 participants) were randomised controlled trials (studies in which a group of people (the intervention group) was compared with a control group (placebo group) that did not receive the intervention) and one study (992 participants) that was funded by the National Institutes of Health (USA) Education Fund). All of the studies were of children aged 8 to 12 years. All of them provided atopic eczema therapy as an add-on to standard treatment for children with asthma. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. We did not find any new randomised or quasi-randomised trials for this review. The previous version of this review was published in 2014. We reran the search in 2015 and found one new trial of interest. We will deal with that when we next searched for new trials in the next version of the review in 2017. This review has not changed the conclusions of the first version published in 2015. However, we added five new trials to the one that we found the first time we searched for studies in 2017, and we have added this new trial to the list of studies that we included in the review. There is a lack of information about the best ways to help parents of their child with atopeczema control. We need more research to find out if the best way to help the child with asthma improve the way in which he or she is cared for.
Fourteen randomised trials with a total of 707711 participants were included in this review. HBOT was found to be better than no HBOT for some aspects of LRTI (e.g. tissue of the head, neck, anus and rectum) and reduced the chance of wound breakdown in some cases (i.e. infection of the oesophagus or perforations of the anus or the anus). HBOT did not appear to have any effect on the function of the affected tissue. There was no evidence to suggest that HBOT had an effect on brain or other parts of the body. The use of HBOT appears to be safe and may even be beneficial for the skin and brain. More research is needed to find out if HBOT should be used for people who have LRTIs caused by cancer.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2961 patients. Four of the 10 RCTs were on the topic of closure of the womb, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The use of blunt needles was compared to the use of sharp needles in four of the included trials. The quality of the evidence was high. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. We found that the number of needle perforations (nose bleeds) that surgeons had to avoid when they compared blunt needles to sharp needles was less than half that of those that used sharp needles. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is greater, their use was found to be more difficult in five out of six trials. However, we are still not sure if blunt needles are safe to use in all types of surgery.
The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group carried out a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotics. We found seven RCTs that met the criteria for the review. The size of the trials was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length of four and 52 weeks. The results of the review did not show a difference in effectiveness or side-effect rates in people with schizophrenia. Trifluoprostazine was not as well-treatable as some other antipsychotic drugs, especially those that are more widely used in the US, but caused more side-effects. There was at least one side effect in each group. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 593 preterm neonates that addressed this topic. The trials were generally small and had some weaknesses in their methods. We did not find strong evidence that the practice changed the length of time neonates were cared for in the neonate care room. We found some evidence that infants fed in the first few days of life were able to eat and drink normal food earlier than infants who were fed with the same amount of food each day. This finding is uncertain as the trials did not show a strong or consistent effect on the number of days neonates spent in hospital. None of the included RCTs reported any parents, caregivers, or staff views of the practice. Overall, the data do not show that the use of this practice in preterm infants affected the health of them or their families.
The objective of this review were to assess the benefit and harm of the use of folic acid and multivitamin B in the treatment of this disease. Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One of the trials, with 133 participants, showed that there was a significant improvement in the ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acids compared with placebo. The other trial, with 18 patients, showed no difference in ABI in the participants who were given a multivitol B supplement. No major events were observed in the first and the second trials. However, both of these trials were small and of poor quality. Therefore, no conclusions can be drawn from them at this time. Further research is needed.
The Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out this Cochrane Cochrane review and the evidence is current up to 30 June 2014. We found two randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with data from 503 primary care dentists and 4771 patients. One of the RCTs looked at the impact of fee-for-income (FNM) on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. In this study, the dentists were asked to see their patients less often and to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also to give more preventive advice. In the other RCT, the same group of dentists received the same amount of money each time their teeth were taken out. In one of the studies, the dentist was asked to make a new tooth at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system and in the other, the clinician made a fresh tooth at that stage. In both of the other studies, there was no change in the number of teeth that the dentist made. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the quality of the evidence from them to be low/very low for all outcomes. This was due to issues with the way they were designed and executed. We did not have enough data to be sure that their results were valid.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with over 17,000 pregnant women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data to the review. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The majority of the trials were of high quality and involved women from Asia, Africa, and Latin America. All of the women were in the early stages of labour (from 34 to 38 weeks gestation). Most of them were low-risk of premature birth (from 23 to 31 weeks). The evidence for a 14% reduction in preterm birth for zinc compared with placebo was of moderate quality. No difference was seen between the groups for any of the other outcomes for the mother or her baby, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who comply with their treatment versus those who did not comply with it. The preterm association could well be due to poor nutrition. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 10 RCTs with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of cure in the short term (up to one month) and reduced the relapse rate at one month. The use of probiotics did not lead to a higher rate of long-term cure (i.e. the rate at which bacteria are cleared from the blood six months after treatment). Probiotics do not seem to lead to more serious or non-serious adverse events. We did not find any trials that looked at the effects of probiotic use on the time to first relapse, need for further treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness of the probiotics used in the trials. We judged the quality of the evidence for the primary outcome (cure rate) to be low. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from the effect seen in this review.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of progestogens to placebo or no treatment in the treatment of women with a high risk of a preterm birth (i.e. early birth before 34 weeks of pregnancy). We found seven RCTs with a total of 696 women. Two of the trials were from the USA, the other four were from Germany and Italy which are high-income countries; four of the other six were from Turkey and the seventh was from Jordan, which is a lower-income country. The evidence is up to date as of 23 February 2019. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogen-based treatment of miscarriage are likely to reduce the number of miscarriages but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm births. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage with progestin-based therapy has an effect on congenital abnormalities, because the quality of evidence for this outcome was based on very few trials with very few events and was found to be very low.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found five randomised trials with a total of 9503 eyes. Three of the trials were from the USA, one each from the UK, the UK and Japan. Three studies compared laser photocoagulation with argon laser and one of them looked at the use of azithromycin (azithromyroxamine) in patients with retinopathy of retinal retinomyopia. One of the five trials was from Japan, while the other three trials were conducted in the USA and UK. The majority of the participants in four of these trials were people with a history of diabetic retinitis; one of the other trials recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinosis. Three trials were funded by the National Eye Institute of the USA. One trial was supported by the University of Otago in the US and one by the US Eye Institute in the UK. Two of the studies were sponsored by the American Eye Institute. One study was funded by a grant from the New Zealand Eye Institute and one was sponsored by a US Eye Group grant. The funding source for the UK study was not specified. We identified a large number of randomised controlled trial (RCTs) (83 eyes) but we were able to include five of them in the review. These five RCTs included 83 eyes. A total of 4786 eyes (9503 eyes) were included in the evidence base. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The evidence is up to date at 12 months. This is an updated version of the Cochrane Review. We reran the search in 2017. We will deal with any new trials of interest when we next search for new evidence.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years or over) of any gender with acute lung failure that compared CPAP or NPPV with oxygen therapy. We found two RCTs with a total of 269 adults. The average age of the participants was 65 years. The evidence is up to date as of June 2017. Both trials were conducted in the USA and one was a multicentre trial (one of three trials). Both trials included adults with acute bronchitis after lung surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). We found that the use of CPAP may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (removal of the tube) and the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) following lung surgery, as well as the number of days in the ICU. We did not find any evidence to be sure that CPAP had an effect on anastomosis (leakage of the airway caused by poor blood flow from the lungs), pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis (blood in the urine) or infections. One trial of 60 adults, which included 60 participants, showed that bilevel nedopromide may improve blood gas levels and blood acid levels one hour after the intervention. However, we found no differences for death or ICU length of stay. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. The trials included in this review did not report any data on gastric insufflation, fistulae, lung failure, airway rupture, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal dryness, and patient-ventilator asynchrony.
We found four randomised controlled trials (involving 388 women) that compared diazepam with other analgesic drugs (ketamine, vinydan-ether, pudendal nerve block and nifedipine) or other anaesthesics (in both groups lignocaine and ketamine). All four trials were at an unclear to high risk of bias (i.e. there was a bias in favour of one analgesic drug over the other). We were not able to pool the results as the trials used a range of methods to assess pain relief, and so we were unable to analyse them in a meta-analysis. Three of the four trials, which included 101 women, were at a low to very low risk of systematic error (ie, bias). One of the trials (101 women) showed that the analgesic agent (diazepam) was superior to the anaesthetist's choice of analgesic. In the other three trials (nifedupine) the women who received analgesia were more likely to judge their pain relief as good as those who received the other analgesics. In one trial (n = 26 women) women who had a forceps birth were more than twice as likely to rate their pain symptoms as good compared with those who had an epidural. They were less likely to have severe pain at the site of birth, and they were less certain that their pain was truly relieved. In another small study (n= 101 women) no difference was seen in the amount of pain they had experienced when they had a caesarean section. In a third small trial, no difference in pain was seen between those who did or didn't receive analgesia and those who were given a placebo (a pretend analgesic). In the trial that compared spinal analgesia to a nerve block (nosebleed), women who were compared with the anticonvulsant (nialidosacin), they were more certain of their pain reduction than those who got the nerve block. They also had less severe pain. No differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported for any of the other outcomes that we looked at (such as a low heart rate of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). We are not confident that any particular analgesic agents or method is most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery.
We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. Yoga was studied for six months to more than 23 years in five of the 15 studies, and in two of them, yoga was used for more than six months. The duration of the yoga programmes ranged from two weeks to 54 months in the majority of trials. The risk of bias was low in one trial, and unclear or high in at least one of the other. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. We found that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in the short-term in people with asthma. There is more uncertainty about the effects of yoga on lung function and the use of medications. No adverse events were reported in the yoga group in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. Yoga may lead to a small benefit in small-scale asthma, but we do not know if it has an impact on lung health or the amount of medication used in the long-term.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of drugs that have been used to treat the disease in adults. We found 10 trials with a total of 249 participants. Seven of the 10 trials assessed only one drug, and three of them assessed two or more drugs. Many of the trials were small, short-term, and had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were carried out or reported). We were not able to pool the data from two trials of the drug methotrexate (MTX) (44) due to differences in the design of the trial. MTX is a drug that is used to slow down the growth of cancer. We were able to combine the results from one trial of MTX (44 participants) and found that MTX did not reduce the rate of cancer recurrences at six months. We assessed six of the nine trials of ATG (azathioprine, simvastatin, oxandrolone, and arimoclomol) as being of very low quality. We are unable to say whether or not any of the drugs used in this review are effective. We need more randomised trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and active treatments.
This is an update of the first version of this Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of linezolid for SSTIs caused by MRSA up to July 2014. We found nine RCTs with a total of 3144 patients. The majority of the patients included in the trials were adults, and the average age of patients ranged from 27 to 31 years old. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We did not find any new trials for this first update. The included trials were at high risk of bias and were supported by the drug manufacturer that made linezolin. We were able to combine the results of the trials and found that, in people with MRSA due to MRSA, linezolic seemed to be more effective than vancomycin in terms of the rate of cure rate (i.e. the rate at which the bacteria were cleared from the blood) and the number of infections that they caused. There was no difference in the rates of all-cause mortality (deaths caused by any cause). There were more cases of red man syndrome (infection of the skin), skin rash and skin cancer in the linezolar group, but the length of time spent in hospital was less with linezologics than with the placebo group. Although the cost of outpatient treatment was more than inpatient treatment with inpatients per day, the median length of hospital stay was three days shorter with linefollists. Thus, the costs per patient were less for linezologic treatment than with vancommycin treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found eight RCTs (RCTs) with 512 participants that met our criteria for the review. Our analysis showed that overall, there was no difference in the rates of death (OR 0.64, 95% CI 0.26 to 1.54; P = 0.32), death due to gastric emptying, or the need for red blood cell transfusion (MD -0.47 to 0.99) in the PPW group compared with the control group. Furthermore, we found that the length of time it took for the gastric tube to break down and the amount of blood lost during the first stage of gastric resection (i.e. the first 24 to 48 hours after surgery) was significantly less in the group of patients who had undergone the surgery. The quality of the evidence was low due to differences in the methods used in the trials.
Six RCTs, with a total of 1862 patients were included in this review. Five of the six trials, which reported the risk of death, were in the subgroup of brain injury patients with bleeding in the brain. The other trial, which compared nimodipine with placebo, was in the group of patients who had severe haemorrhage. In one of the other trials, the participants in the control group received a placebo. The results of the trials showed that in these patients, the drug reduced the number of people who died. However, in the other three studies, the treatment effect of the drug was similar to that of the placebo group. The risk of adverse reactions suffered by the treatment group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We found four RCTs (RCTs) with a total of 3090 participants. Three of the trials were considered to be of high risk of bias, and one trial was considered to have a relatively high risk. The evidence is up to date as of 19 June 2018. We were not able to determine conclusively whether the use of CPR plus delayed defibrillation or CPR alone as the first choice for patients with OHCA in the first stage of cardiac surgery failed to show a meaningful impact on the rates of return of the heart or the rate of death or brain injury due to heart failure. No side effects were observed with either treatment. We have not been able to conclude whether one method is superior to the other as no high-quality data were found. Further research is needed to answer the question as to which is the best. The quality of the evidence was low.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2004. The new search was carried out in 2007 and the new search found fifteen randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met the criteria for the review. Ten RCTs were included. GnRH and GnRHa flare up were compared in the first version of this review. The number of oocytes retrieved in the GnRH group was significantly less than in the other two groups. The amount of gonadotrophins used to lower the levels of oocyte in the oocytes used in the ovaries was increased in the group of GnRH. The rate of failure to ovulate (i.e. loss of ovulation) was similar in both groups. Only one of the trials reported live birth rates. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. The quality of the evidence was very low due to poor reporting of the methods used in each trial. Therefore, no firm conclusions can be drawn. More good evidence is needed.
This Cochrane Schizophrenia Group search is up-to-date as of 29 March 2013. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2007. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (over 18 years of age) diagnosed with schizophrenia to be part of a psychosocial intervention or to receive care as usual. We found 53 RCTs with a total of 53 randomised studies that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is current to April 2014. The results of the review show that, in comparison with usual care (care as usual) or usual care as well as usual care, the intervention may reduce the rate of relapse (the rate at which people with schizophrenia relapse) and reduce the number of relapse events and the length of time that they spend in hospital. It also seems to reduce the rates of leaving treatment when they are treated. We did not find evidence to suggest that the intervention prevents or promotes suicide. However, the quality of the trials was poor and some of the methods used in the design of the trial may be biased in favour of the treatment group. We do not think that the results would be affected by the fact that most of the participants knew which group they were in (i.e. the intervention group or the control group) but they would not have been able to guess which treatment they would be in.
We found three trials with a total of 263 participants. All three trials looked at the use of DEBs to treat in-stent restenosis in the femoropopliteal artery. The trials were conducted in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were sponsored by industry. The remaining two of the trials were funded by the companies that made the DEBs. Most participants in the trial were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found that DEBs did not seem to be better than uncoated balloon angioplasty for amputation, target lesion revascularization (TLR) (target lesion surgery to bypass the blockage using a stent inserted through the stent), or death. However, the certainty of evidence for all these outcomes is very low due to the small number of studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the design of the trial.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-RCTs that assessed the effects of corticosteroids in children with KD up to 12 years of age. We found 7 trials with 922 participants. We were able to combine the results from 7 of these trials, which showed that the use of steroids in the acute phase of KD reduced the rate of coronary artery problems (the first few weeks of life), as well as the length of time that the child spent in hospital. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of steroids on death or long-term heart problems, but we did find one trial that compared steroids with a long course of steroids. We believe that we are reasonably sure that the true effect is close to that we found in this study. There were too few data to be sure about the effect on both death and heart problems. We also did not have enough data to know if steroids had an effect on serious adverse events (i.e. those that lead to death or heart failure) or the number of days that the children spent in the intensive care unit (ICU). We rated the quality of evidence for most outcomes as high.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PIP with control groups (i.e. a control group that did not receive any treatment) up to 30 June 2017. We found eight RCTs with a total of 846 randomised participants. Four of the eight trials involved women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, who had been abused as a child and had been treated in prison. The other four trials involved other treatments such as psychosocial counselling, counselling for the child, and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). In one of the trials, the parents of the mother and the child's carers were assigned to the PIP group in a random order. In the other trials, mothers and their carers knew which group the child belonged to. The evidence is up to date as of 30 November 2017. PIP was found to be as safe as the best way to keep a child's hands in the mother's lap and to give birth to a healthy infant. The use of PIP did not appear to cause harm. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all of the comparisons. The main reasons for downgrading the evidence were that we did not have enough data, the results were not similar across studies, or the methods used in some comparisons.
We found one new study in this update of the review, so there are now 11 trials (with 753 women). We did not find any new randomised controlled trials for this update. We found no evidence to suggest that the use of extra oxygen during elective caesarean surgery for healthy term pregnant women who are having a caesarian section without anaesthetism (or both) is beneficial or harmful. The previous version of this review was published in 2013 and we did not identify any new trials in a search of the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's database in February 2015. The evidence is up to date as of 1 April 2015.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2006. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of reminder packaging on the amount of pills patients took each day for at least six months. We included twelve RCTs with a total of 2196 patients. The evidence is up to date as of June 2011. The majority of the evidence was of low or very low quality due to inconsistency in the methods used in each trial and differences in the reporting of results. We found that the use of a reminder packaging aid resulted in an increase in the percentage of pills people took. We also found that reminder packaging decreased diastolic blood pressure by 5 mmHg and systolic blood pressures by 0.89mmHg. No effect was seen on blood glucose levels. We did not find any effect on the number of pills taken. In one of the studies that reported the quality of life of the patient, patients with low literacy levels were found to be more likely to use the device if they were provided with a reminder packing aid. The quality of the information available for each outcome ranged from very low to high.
We found 15 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) of drugs that are used to prevent ischaemia reperfusion injury. We found that methylprednisolone, trimetazidine, mannitol, and dextrose appear to be safe drugs. There is a high risk of type I and type II errors (ie, there were too few participants in each trial) due to the few trials included, the small sample size in each of them, and the risk of bias (i.e. there was a play of chance). All of the drugs were tested in the same group of patients. Trimetazidine was the only drug with a high rate of bias. There were no differences between the groups in any of the outcomes in the other comparisons. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed RCTs should be avoided.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years or over) of any age with CCS and any type of CCS. We found 61 RCTs with 13,327 patients. We were able to include 24 new studies in this update of the review. The studies were of mixed or very low quality. The majority of the studies included adults over 18 years of age with at least one type of kidney cancer. Most of them were of high risk of kidney failure, and only a few were of low risk. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. The RCT was funded by the National Institutes of Health (USA) through the Cochrane Kidney and Pancreatic Diseases Group. The funding source was not specified in any of the trials. We did not identify any conflicts of interest in relation to the funding of the included trials. The included trials were diverse in the types of cancer they used, the doses of the drugs they used and the follow-up time of the treatments. This meant that we were not able to pool their results. The risk of adverse effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due variation in the type of cancer, the length of the treatment and the number of patients who received the drugs. We also found that the risk of side effects after treatment with cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, radiation therapy, nephrectomy, or any combination of these may vary. We could not be certain about the effect of these drugs on the rate of death, heart failure or kidney failure. The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the outcomes. We are not confident about the results of our meta-analyses.
In this Cochrane Review, we assessed the effects of phytomedicines in sickle cell disease. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 182 participants. Two RCTs compared Niprisan®(also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit®with placebo. The third RCT was of Cajanus cajan (Ciklovit®). We found low-quality data from one of the trials for the outcome'seizure' (i.e. a blood clot in the urine) and we were not able to make any conclusions due to the lack of data available. We were able to analyse the data from the other trial for'severe pain crises' and found that the amount of anaemia was lower in the group of those who took the drug. We are unable to make conclusions on the use of phtomedicins due to lack of evidence. However, we think that the fact that we did not have enough data to reach a conclusion on the safety of the drug means that we are not confident that it is safe and effective in reducing the number of episodes of severe sickle cells disease crises.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found three RCTs with a total of 1999 patients with HL that met our criteria for the review. All three trials compared PET-based treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chemaapy only) in adults with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan. We judged the quality of the evidence for the primary outcome (progression-free survival (PFS) as moderate) as the risk of bias was not reported, but we were able to analyse the results from two of the trials. One of the studies reported no deaths. Two of the other two trials (involving 519 patients) reported two deaths in the PET-injected therapy group and only one death in the treatment group. It is still not clear whether PET-adhering patients are more likely to be alive in the long term (over 10 years), as no long-term data were available in any of the three trials. No data on adverse events (adaloprazole and tricyclic syndrome) were reported in any trial. However, this review found that PFS was shorter in people with advanced HL who received PET-compared to those who were not given PET-treatments, and that more longer-term follow ups (more than 10 years) may lead to more precise results for adverse events, such as adverse events such as cancer recurrence or cancer recurrences. We are uncertain as to whether PET is more beneficial in advanced HL.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to April 2014. We found 31 RCTs that looked at the use of hormonal contraceptives in healthy women of any weight. Many of them had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Most of them compared the same types of birth control to see if they had any benefits or harms. We did not find any new trials in 2014. Twenty-one trials looked at birth control pills, progestin-only pills, injections, a vaginal ring, or an implant. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing birth-control pills, and the few differences from levonorgestrel birth-care pills were not clear. Where we could not pool the data, we found that the group with the depo (depo) group had a lower mean fasting glucose response (i.e. less than 0.05 kg/m2) and a higher mean two-hour reduction in glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a long-term measure of blood glucose) than the group using the levonichestrel group. With a dienogest COC, an extended-use group had greater mean change in AUC glucose (MD 82.00; 95% CI 10.72 to 153.28). With a lower dose, the lower-dose group showed a smaller mean reduction in fasting glucose, but a greater change in fasting insulin (MD -3.89 to -0.11). With an injectable, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had a greater mean response than the norethisterone enanthate group (MD 10.16 to 16.94). We still do not know very much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to overweight. More than half of the trials had more than half overweight women in them. We cannot make strong statements due to not many trials of the same type of contraception.
We found 10 RCTs with a total of 5795 participants. Nine of the 10 trials (549 participants) showed that land-based therapy for hip OA can reduce pain (pain) and improve physical function (e.g. range of 0 to 100 points on a 0- to 100-point scale) and pain (0 was no pain or loss of function) in the control group. Exercise reduced pain by an equivalent amount (29 points) immediately after the end of the programme and pain was assessed at least three to six months later. Pain was reduced by an average of 29 points per point on a range of 4 to 12 points in each of the included trials. Physical function was improved by an effective amount (7 points per 100 point) in all of the trials. The quality of life of participants in the exercise group was similar to that of those in the non-exercising group. There were no reported adverse events in any of the studies. One of the five trials that reported an event rate (six%) reported one or two events, all of which were related to increased pain due to the exercise programme. There was an increase in the rate of one or more events in the group of participants who had an event during the programme compared with those who had no events. However, this was not significant. Overall, the quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes (pain, physical function, adverse events, and adverse events). This means that the true effect of exercise may be substantially greater than the effects of exercise on pain and physical function. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2009. We found nine high-quality RCTs (260 patients) that met the criteria for the review. Six of the nine trials (260 participants) looked at the effect of exercise therapy on 'no' or 'exercising' for 'flare ups' of MS, and the other three trials (three trials) examined the effects of exercise in 'excess' episodes of MS. The results of the review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an acute flare up. There is an urgent need for more evidence in this area.
We found only one randomised trial (involving 75 patients) that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after surgery) with delayed laparoscopy (in which surgery is done on the first day of postmenstruation) in patients with bile duct cancer. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) (0% versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the later group (1/40) (4.2 months). There was no death in either group in the first half of the trial. The number of people who had a serious adverse event in the earlier group (28 people in early group and 40 people in the delayed group) was similar to that in the late group (22.5% early group; 17.1% delayed group). The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the pre-surgery group and 35 in the delay group (n = 40). The rate of death in both groups was the same as in the previous one (2/35; 0% late group; 2/40 late group); there were no serious adverse events related to the surgery in one group and none in the other group. The complications that the participants suffered were pancreatitis, empyema of the gallbladder (a part of the gynaecology), gallbladder perforation (a small hole in the skin that leads to blood stream in the abdomen), anaemia (a wound in the liver), infection, cholangitis (jaundice), jaundice (a blood clot in the urine), and recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 of the 75 patients had to be cared for in the hospital. All of these patients were operated on within 24 hours of their surgery. There was a greater length of time that the patients spent in hospital in the waiting group than in the surgery group (14.8 hours earlier in the treatment group; 22.1 hours in the surgical group; 18.2 hours in surgery group). Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it is not clear if earlier laparotomy is better than late laparoscope surgery for people with biliary colic. There is a need for more high-risk and well-conducted randomised randomised trials to answer this question.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of long-term (longer-term) or short-term antibiotic prophylaxis in orthognathic surgery. Most of the trials had an unclear risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were run or reported) and this made it hard to be sure that their results were valid. We were able to pool the data from seven of the 11 RCTs and found that the risk of having an SSI was lower in the long term treatment group (472 people) than in the short term therapy group (220 people). However, we were not able to combine the results of the other two trials that compared the two groups due to inconsistency in their results. We are not sure if the longer-term treatment is better or worse than the shorter-term use of the drugs. None of the included trials assessed or reported any other outcomes, and we were unable to show whether one type of antibiotic is better than the other. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials of preterm birth for babies with gastroschisis up to date at the time of birth. We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 40 infants and 42 women) that met our criteria for the review. There were no differences in the number of babies that died before or after birth, or in the time from the birth of the baby, in the two groups of the trial. The trial was too small and short to show that one method was better than the other. We were not able to make any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of the other method. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three small, short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of paracetamol in adults with advanced cancer. All three RCTs included adults with at least 50% and at least 30% of the patients in the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. The studies lasted up to one week, with a total of 122 participants in the control group and 95 in the treatment group. One study was parallel-group, and the other two had a cross-over design (i.e. one treatment group received the other treatment first and then the other). We found no studies in children. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2017. None of the studies were at low risk of bias for all of our main outcomes (participants with pain of at least half of the minimum 50% reduction from the baseline; participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a pain level of much better or very much improved). What pain reports there were, however, showed no difference in effectiveness when added to other analgesic drugs. There was no evidence of differences in quality of life, use of other analgesics, or people's satisfaction with the use of these drugs. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all outcomes, due to problems with the way the trials were designed and reported.
The review of 15 trials found that antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, rituximab and suo quo wan) may improve the size of the wet patch on the nose. There were too few data to be sure that these drugs work as painkillers in the long term and they have not been shown to work as a painkiller in the short term. However, if they do work, they are not as good as other painkillers that are used for nose bleeds. More research is needed.
We included six RCTs, with a total of 195 people with MS. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The majority of people in the trials (90%) were women, ranging in age from 18 to 65 years. The duration of the trials ranged from 4 weeks to 12 weeks. Most of the participants (10%) had mild to moderate MS, and the mean age of the people in each trial ranged from 31 to 44 years. Eighteen trials (˜10%) dropped out; the rest of the studies (˜eighteen) were conducted in the USA, Canada and the Netherlands. We pooled the results of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. When we combined the results (meta-analysis) of these trials, we failed to show a beneficial impact on the amount of air that the muscles could pump out when compared to no training or a'sham' (pretend) control group. However, we found that when we looked at the maximum amount that the person with MS was able to pump out, it was greater than the amount that we would have thought. We did not have enough data to be sure that this was the case. We were not able to pool the data for other outcomes that we were interested in, such as forced expirative volume, forced vital strength and peak flow. Due to the lack of data, we were unable to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of this treatment. We are not confident that the effect of this training is maintained, as we did not find any studies that looked at whether it was maintained over a long time, and if it was still in place at the end of the trial. We judged the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes to be low. This was due to a lack of information and a small number of trials.
The Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group (previously known as the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group) carried out a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on this topic in April 2015. We found one RCT (38 women) that met our inclusion criteria. The RCT compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication (no medication) and found no difference in neonatal thrombocytopenia (low white blood cell count) and neonatal bleeding. The quality of the RCT was good, but not high enough to justify its use. We did not find any RCTs on other treatments for ITP, and we were not able to find any studies on the use of other drugs to treat ITP in the ITP group. We do not know if there are other drugs that might help with ITP. We need more randomised trials on the topic.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2015. We found two RCTs with a total of 111 patients that met our criteria for the review. One RCT was from Iran and the other was from the USA. In the first RCT, 30 patients received DALK and 81 participants in the second trial. Participants in the DALK group had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomised to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was part of the trials. The second trial, which included 81 patients, had 12 months of follow-up for all participants. For the larger trial, four DALK surgeries had to be stopped early due failure of the surgery. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. The results from the study that went ahead as planned ( Javadi 2010) were not available to us at the time of the search, so we were not able to analyse them. However, we were able to use the data from the smaller trial (R Razmju 2011) and found that DALK was not more likely to fail as planned in four cases and in a further three cases, complications during dissection (removal of the graft) required the intervention. In one case of graft failure in a treatment group, the graft failed in the at the same rate as the graft in DALK. No post-graft graft failure was reported in either group. The other side-effects, of varying severity, were reported in both groups. For both types of surgery, these included postoperative astigmatism, steroids (drugs that change the shape of the cornea) in one participant and bleeding from the donor cornea in the other. In recipients of DALK, one patient had a stem cell transfusion and one had a nosebleed (where the donor and donor corneal endothelium come together). In the nosebleeds, one participant needed graft resuturing and one participant had an atonynitis syndrome (in which the nose bleeds and is non-reactive). Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate. This was due to problems in the way the studies were done and reported.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with PCOS or PCOS-induced anaemia that randomised them to receive iron or no iron. We found 67 RCTs, with a total of 8506 women. The evidence is up to date as of 29 June 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from high (i.e. we are confident that the true effect is close to the truth) to very low (we are not very sure if the true result is true). Most of the studies were at low risk of bias, which means they were well-conducted at the time of the study, although not all of them were clearly clear about how they were carried out. The findings of the review indicate that taking iron reduces the rate of anaemia and iron deficiency in the first six to 12 weeks of postpartum, as well as the rates of loose stools/diarrhoea and pain in the gut. The use of iron in premenopausal, postmenopausal or postmenopausea, improves haemoglobin levels in the blood and their use in their urine, and improves the amount of iron that can be stored in their blood and urine. These benefits come at the cost of increased stomach pain and anaemia in the iron-treated group. We did not find evidence that iron improves the level of mental health of women, and no data on death from any cause were available.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1,726 patients with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer. We have not included the results of one RCT as we did not include them in the review. The results of the other three RCTs were not available to use in this review. Evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. No overall survival benefit of the irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment was found. There were higher risks of side effects (diarrhoea and alopecia) in the control group, and a lower risk of grade 3 or 4 neutropenia (low white blood cell count) in controls compared to the treatment group. Evidence for side effects has been assessed to be of low to moderate quality.
The aim of this review was to see which incision was the best to use and what the best incision to make. The search is up to date as of March 2013. Due to the differences in the method of assessment, the variability of data and the heterogeneity of the patient groups in the trials we were able to pool some of the results. We found that a transverse or oblique incision resulted in less wound breakdown (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and rupture less often and the wound was less prone to rupture. However, pain was less clear and more painful. There was no reduction in the use of painkillers (epidural or percutaneous analgesia) or the risk of wound infection with the transverse incision. This means that the optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the choice of the surgeon.
We found nine RCTs with 981 people with subacute low-back pain. Five of the studies were conducted in Europe and four in the USA. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. The evidence is current to June 2015. The majority of the people included in the trials were women, and the average age across the trials ranged from 32 to 43.8 years. All of the trials had at least one additional source of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). In general, the quality of the evidence was low to very low due to risk of bias and imprecision of the results. In this review, we found that in the short term, treatment with light mobilization may lead to less pain and less disability than usual care. In the long term, it is not clear whether they do better than people who receive some other type of treatment. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included study groups reported any. However, when we compared the effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of quality of life, whereas the effects for work-related outcomes were in the high range. We found no difference in pain, functional disability, or time away from work in the treatment group compared with the control group at 12-month follow-up. The quality of evidence for each of the comparisons ranged from very low to low.
We included 18 randomised trials with 4843 men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. Bisphosphonates were used to treat men with bone metastases from prostate cancer and were compared to a control group that received either no treatment or a placebo (a pretend drug) or an active drug (placebo or analgesic) or a sham drug (e.g. prednisolone). The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2018. Bisosphonate treatment did not appear to be better than the control group in terms of pain response (i.e. men's cancer recurred in the same way as in the group of men with cancer with cancer that spread to the bone), bone metastasis from prostate, or the number of men who progressed in the first 10 years after the cancer was surgically surgically resected (removal of the cancer but not the tumour itself) or the rate of cancer recurrences (metastases of the same size as those caused the cancer) in men with a prostate cancer that had spread outside the prostate cancer to the bones of the arm or the thigh). Bisph phosphonates reduced bone metastasia in about 1 in 6 men (41%) and about 2 in 6 (29) men (71) with cancer metastasis of the bone (71 fewer to 7 fewer) with bone cancer metastasia from the prostate. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from low (pain) to very low (nausea, renal adverse events, osteonecrosis of the jaw, cancer recurrence).
We found five RCTs with a total of 1093 patients. Four of the trials were in patients who had not undergone stem cell transplantation (removal of their own stem cell) and one in those who had had their first stem cell transfusion. Overall, the quality of the five trials was judged to be moderate. All trials were randomised and most of them were open-blind (i.e. the patients and their doctors did not know which group the patients were in). Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not assessed in more detail. We found that HDT + ASCT is better than chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in terms of overall survival (OS) and tumour recurrence rates in patients with relapsed liver cancer. However, this result is based on a subgroup analysis (one trial) adding rituximab (a new drug) to both treatment arms (one randomised trial) and the trial had to be stopped early due to an increased risk of death in the HDT group. Adverse events were rarely reported and were seen more often in the patients who received hodgkin's lymphoma transfusions (drugs that kill cancer cells) than in the control group (mainly infections and haematological toxicity). For patients whose cancer had spread to other parts of the body, only one trial showed a strong benefit of HDT with regards to OS and disease recurrence at the time of the drug was used (one small trial with 70 patients). However, in the four of the included trials there were no clear differences in OS, disease recurrences or cancer recurrence between the treatment arm and the control arm. In the other than for patients whose disease recurred, HDT was not shown to be better or worse than treatment with the same drug (tricyclic leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes). In summary, the evidence is up to date as of June 2013.
We found 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the trial) in some of the trials but the quality of the evidence was low or very low. We found that WDD may improve the short-term global state of participants when used as an add-on to antipsychotics. However, WDD was not shown to be better than placebo (pretend treatment) or no treatment, and was associated with more side-effects. WDD does not seem to be as good as other antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, but we are not sure if there is a role for WDD in the long-term care of people with schizophrenia. The available evidence is not high quality. When WDD is used with an antiepileptic drug, positive effects were found for both global and mental state, and the combination caused fewer side effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found three new RCTs (228 participants), bringing the total to 12 studies with 799 participants, which we analysed in a meta-analysis. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand and superelastic tooth-filling tooth-willing wires are similar to each other in terms of their use as a base for tooth-braces. There were five studies in this group and we were able to combine the results of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment or pain in any of the two types of tooth-breathing wires. 2. The use of multistrand is comparable to the use of a thermoelastic wire-but we were unable to analyse due to the lack of data. 3. There are no trials that have looked at the benefits or harms of other types of wire-wills. There was one trial in each of these groups. 4. We are not able to say whether any particular type of wire material is better than any other. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the comparisons. The main reasons for this assessment were that we did not find any good or bad results from the studies.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found just one RCT with 306 older people with the average age of 86 years that met our criteria. The RCTs were conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes (e.g. age, age of the patient) but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item trial) and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item study). For the CMAI, 29 items were rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and sum to give a total of 29 to 203. For the other four domains (Physically Non- Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items); Physically Aggressivebehaviour, (nine items); and Verbally Aggressive behaviour, (three items); we did not find any difference in any of the measures used. The NPI and OS scale showed that the change in behaviour in the group treated with de-escalation was no greater than in the control group. We also found one ongoing trial. Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures used in the study.
We searched for all randomised trials up to 28 September 2016. We found 13 trials with 1316 adults (aged 18 years or over) who had IAD up to April 2016. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up. Nine of the 1316 participants were residents in a nursing home or hospital. Eleven of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the trial or the way it was run and reported). We were not able to pool the data due to variation in the population of participants, skin care products, and skin care procedures used in the trials. Two of the included trials compared the use of soap and water to prevent and treat IAD. One of the other trials, which was at low to very low quality, compared topical skin care (moisturisers, skin protectants, or a combination) to no skin care. One trial compared the number of times the skin was washed each day to avoid soap use. Two trials, of low to moderate quality, showed that soap and saline water performed poor in the prevention and treatment of IAD (soapy and saline). One trial showed that a washcloth with skin protectant, moisturising, and protecting the skin, might be more effective than soap and salt water. The other studies, all of which were at low or very low-quality due to inconsistency in the methods used, suggested that a leave-on skin care procedure, using an antiseptic skin protectionant or skin protectiveant, may be more beneficial than not using these products at all. No trial reported on the effect of the treatment on the rate of improvement in IAD or side-effect rates. We did not find any trials that looked at the side-effects of the treatments. We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antiviral agents (acyclovir, valomaciclovir) in patients with acute IM up to April 2015. We found seven RCTs with 333 participants. Participants' ages ranged from just over two years to young adults. The antiviral drugs in the included studies were acycloviral, acnoprazole and valacycluffir. Follow-up ranged from 20 days to six months. The quality of the evidence is very low. The risk of bias for all of the trials was unclear or high. This means that the results of the review may not be valid. There were some problems with the design of some of the studies. For example, most of the people in the control group did not have symptoms of their own, and in some cases, the symptoms of the treatment group were worse than those of the antiviral group. For this reason, it is not clear if the findings of this review are valid. We were not able to pool the data from the trials due to inconsistency in the methods used to collect and report them. For other outcomes, such as the duration of lymphadenopathy (the length of time in which the patient remains in hospital) and the number of days during which they are still suffering from the disease, we did not find any difference between the treatment and the control groups. There was a reduction in the time it took for the person with IM to recover from their illness (i.e. in the first six months) of five days in the group treated with the virus compared to the group who were not given the virus. This result is based on two of the 12 outcomes that we looked at. However, when we combined the results from two of these we found that people with IM were less likely to have recovered from their disease of the same duration of time if they received the virus or not. We are not sure if this was the result of the real effect of the virus, or if it was just the bias of the trial itself. For the rest of the outcomes, we could not be sure if the virus was affected by the virus itself, or whether it was caused by the person's own immune response to the disease itself. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found four randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 2250 people randomised to insulin detemir or glargine for treatment of hyperglycaemia. All four RCTs had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and executed) as well as a high dropout rate (13.6%) in one of them. The results of our meta-analysis suggest that there is no important difference in efficacy or side effects (outcomes) in the short term (up to 24 to 52 weeks) for the use of these drugs in patients with high blood sugar levels. Insulin glargines was given once-daily in the evening, with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three of the four trials, and twice-a-day in one trial. Glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a marker of glycaemic control) was less than or less than 7% with or without hypoglycaemia in all four trials. There was no difference in any of the 24-hour blood glucose levels between the treatment groups. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or death from any cause. One of the trials reported results on health-related side-effect rates and showed no difference between the two drugs.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. We found six randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that met the criteria for the review. Six RCTs were included in the meta-analyses. In one RCT conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants in the SNS group experienced less episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who did not. In the other RCT by Leroi, 15 patients in the 'on' group and the 'off' group (on) group (involving Sørensen and Kahlke) experienced fewer episodes of urinary incontina (FI) per week compared with the tibial nerve stimulation group (PTNS group) (MD −3.00, 95% CI −6.61 to 0.61 at 3 months). Adverse events were reported in a percentage of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) (2%), and excessive tingling in the vaginal area (9%). In the parallel group trial by Thin, 15 participants with severe fibrofibronchiolitis in the sertraline group and those in the tibia (n = 15) in the non-steroid group experienced more episodes of urine leakage (DF) than the group of patients who received the TNF group (MD 0.74 at 12 months). Side-effects occurred in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain; and pain at the site the implant was placed (1); and stimulator-site pain after the device was placed. In another RCT, by SNS was used in 14 patients with severe fibrofloritis. In this trial, 14 participants with fibrotic infarction in the stimulator was used (1 (SD, 1.7) compared with those who had not used the device (8.7). Side effects in this group included: haematoma (a type of cancer), misplacement of tined lead (1), wound wound infection (1; and 1); and pain when the tube was placed in the urine. No adverse events occurred. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not reduce the number of bowel movements per week and 73 side-effects were reported, which included pain at site of the implant (32), wound wounds (1) and pain on the stimulation site (1). In the last, two trials assessed SNS for constipation. For the first, one participant in each group (Kenefick and Liroi) had an adverse event that led to the removal of the device. The second, the third participant in the first group (Sørenson and Sörensen) had a side-effect that caused them to stop treatment. In both groups, four of 27 participants had an unwanted side-events, which resulted in them having to stop therapy. No side effects occurred in the second group (McKirthi and Lerrii). No side-actions occurred in either group. No serious side effects were reported. In conclusion, we found that SNS should not be used for the treatment of patients with fibrophy. Further research is required to find out the optimal time to use SNS.
Two well-designed and low risk of bias trials ( = 190) were included in the review and both showed that molar tubes were more likely to decalcify if they were bonded to a molar base with a light-cured molar band (molar pedicel) than with molar molar warts. No other adverse events were found.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of EUS in gastric cancer patients with gastric carcinoma up to July 2012. We found 66 RCTs with 7747 patients that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. The studies were published from 1988 to 2012. In this review, we found that EUS might be useful in the locoregional stage of the cancer (stage 1a (mucosal) and stage 2 (submucosa) cancer) in the first stage of cancer and in the stage 3 stage (nosebleed cancer) of cancer. EUS could also be useful for the first and second stages of cancer, as we were able to combine the data from 50 studies (n = 4397 patients) that compared EUS with no EUS. For the primary tumor (T) stage, we combined the results of 50 trials (n397 participants) and found that when EUS was used, it was as good as the T1a stage (tricyclic cancer) and the T2b stage (muscle-infiltrating cancer) for the initial and the third stage (N-stage cancer). For the final stage (metastatic cancer) we were not able to pool the data as we did not have enough data. When we pooled the data of 44 randomised trials (involving 3573 patients) we found the EUS test to be as effective as the first or the N-stage of cancer for the diagnosis of the disease. However, we noted that it was not as accurate as the X-ray of the tumour (X-ray) for identifying the cancer and that caused the cancer. Moreover, we must be careful that it is less accurate than X-rays of the gut (T1a and T1b cancers) and lymph nodes (positive and negative cancer). In conclusion, EUS should not be used as first choice in the choice of the correct EUS diagnostic test for the identification of patients with stomach cancer. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised trials with a total of 492 patients. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean age in the trials ranged from 40 to 47 years. In one trial, 239 patients underwent laparoscopic cholecystectomy on the first day of postmenopause (n = 239) and in the second it was done on the third day (n= 253). In the other five of the trials, the number of patients in each group was not reported. There were no deaths in either group in the short-term in one of the two groups. Long-term mortality was not recorded in any of the included trials. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events in the day-surgery group (n/191) or in the overnight-stay laparoscopical surgery group (involving 5/239 patients) between the comparison groups. However, we found that in both groups quality of life, pain, hospital readmission rate and the need to be readmitted to hospital were similar. We found that day surgery appears to be safe as safe as overnight stay surgery in laparotomy. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes was very low due to risks of bias (bias) and play of chance (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted). Therefore, we are uncertain as to whether day surgery is better or worse than overnight stay laparoscope surgery for the treatment of symptomatic gallstones.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-concentration topical capsaicin for pain after herniorrhaphy, postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diaphragism. We found four RCTs with 1272 participants. At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10% more patients had pain reduced by at least 30% and at least 50% more than with 'active' placebo, using a range of range of 0.04% to 0.44% in the control group. At 8 weeks, more participants (about 10%) had pain reduction by 2 to 8 weeks and at 12 weeks by 2.8 to 8.8 points on a range (ranging from 5.3 to 26.0 points per point). At 12 weeks and 2.5 points above, more patients (2 to 4) had pain control of at least 2.2 to 12 weeks with at least 3.0 on a scale of 0 to 10 points. At 24 weeks, 7.0 more people (7.0) out of 10) who were much or very much better than with placebo with pain control at 8 weeks or 12 weeks had pain relief of at 24 weeks. At 36 weeks, 1 out of 4 (3.5%) out of 5 (2.2.1) more people out of 6 (1.0.2) were very good at 8 to 24 weeks with active treatment compared with 3 out of 3 (3%) with 'control' treatment. At 48 weeks, one out of 8 (46.0%) person who received active treatment (high dose) had more pain relief than with control treatment (very low dose) with pain reduction of 2.1 points per 10 points per 12 weeks. Local adverse events were no more common with the high dose than with the low dose. No deaths were judged to be a cause of the pain. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. This was due to a lack of information and a small sample size.
We found three randomised trials (involving 6343 participants) that looked at the use of surgery to treat carotid stenosis. Each of the trials looked at different comparisons of surgery versus no surgery, or both surgery and ischaemic stroke. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The trials were very different in the way they looked at carots, and the way the outcomes were reported. We did not pool their results, but we looked at them all at the same time to see if there were any differences in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups. We found that surgery did not reduce the risk of having a stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, had no effect in participants with 30% to 49% stenoses, and was of benefit in those with 50% to 69% stenosepsia. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for people with 70% to 99% stenostomy, and it was of high quality for those with near-occlusion of the artery. There was no difference in the number of patients who had a stroke five years later. The quality of the evidence was high.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found 10 RCTs with a total of 864 participants that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up-to-date at the time of the search. Only one RCT met our inclusion criteria. The participants received the stoma in the form of a stoma or a colostomy (a tube or sigmoidoscopical stoma) for: rectal cancer (37/60 participants), ulcerative colitis (14/60), familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60%), and other (2/60). We did not find any trials that looked at the use of stoma placement in patients with other types of cancer or stoma-induced death. Ten studies with 864 patients were included in the meta-analyses. All of the trials were of low- or very low-quality. We were not able to pool the data due to differences in the methods used in the trials. We are uncertain as to whether one method is better than the other as the quality of the evidence is very low. None of the included studies looked at other problems associated with stoma formation (e.g. death from any cause), or if one method was superior to the other. There is still a lack of high-quality evidence to guide us on which is the best way to prevent parastomal herniation.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane review published in 2012. After a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) we found 24 RCTs, with 2126 participants, that met our criteria for the review. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. We did not find any difference in the rates of relapse (recurred) or improvement in mental state (reoccurrences) in people who had been in the supportive therapy group compared with those in the standard care group. There were, however, some differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small numbers of trials and the poor methods used in some of the trials. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of NSAIDs in adults (18 or over) with cancer pain up to one week or longer in adults. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 949 people with cancer, most of whom (949) had moderate or severe pain. Most of the participants were women, and the mean age of participants ranged from 53 to 71 years. Most studies compared an NSAID with an opioid (naloxone, ibuprofen, prednisone, or prednisolone), or with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not clear if one type of NSAID was better than the other, or if NSAIDs were as good as other types of analgesics. With NSAIDs, we found that some patients had pain that was no worse than mild or very much reduced after one week, and some people had more pain than mild pain. Withdrawals due to lack of effect (24%) or adverse events (5%), we found five out of 24 people out of 100 who took NSAIDs or opioids. Side effects with NSAIDs included thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There were no deaths. We judged the quality of the evidence for most outcomes as very low. There were a number of problems with the way some of the studies were done, such as not all of the people in the study groups knew which group they were in (i.e. the control group) and not all participants in the treatment group (3 out of 22). This makes it hard to be sure that their results are valid.
We found one randomised trial (involving 253 participants) that compared tinzaparin to a placebo tablet (inactive tablet) and reported that pain severity at day two and day three was less at day three (i.e. the first three days of treatment) in those who were treated with tiotropium, and at day four they had less pain than those who received the placebo tablet. This means that pain in sickle cell disease is less severe in those people who take tiotopium than in the placebo group. The second study (included in the review) involved 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e., pain intensity. After one day pain was assessed on a scale of 1 to 10, in the dalteparin group, pain was 1.30 points less in favour of tioteparin. However, the quality of the evidence was very low and we still do not know if this would apply to other types of low-molecular-weight heparins. We still need to find out more about the use of these drugs in children and adults.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulant drugs with antplatelet drugs. We did find non-randomised randomised studies that looked at the use of antcoagulants in patients with ischaemic bleeding in the brain. There were no randomised controlled trial trials that assessed the effects of antiplatelet agents. We do not have any data to be able to make any conclusions about the benefits or harms of any of these drugs.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 26 RCTs (involving 2066 patients) that looked at the use of different dressings for wounds with diabetic foot ulcers. Most of the wounds had wounds that had been there for more than three months. We grouped results according to wound type, and the type of dressing used. Thirteen of the 26 trials looked at different types of dressings, and compared them with each other or with non-silver dressings. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not any of these dressings help wounds heal and prevent wound infection. Six of the trials compared the same type of cream (SSD) with the same number of dressens (nine trials) of other wounds. One of them showed that it reduced the number of wounds that got the same amount of blood, but with more blood, than with the other dressens. We are not sure if this would have happened if the dressens were similar to each other. There are too few trials to be able to say if any of the dressings that we looked at helped wounds heal or not.
We found 12 studies with 3571 people with VAP. All but one of the studies were conducted in the USA, and all but one reported sources of funding or the source of the funding. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2019. All of the trials compared the use of one antibiotic treatment to other antibiotics for the treatment of VAP and we did not find a difference in all-cause death, clinical cure, or length of stay in the ICU. We found that carbapenems appear to be better than non-carbapenem antibiotics for treating VAP, and that they may be superior to tigecycline and imipenem-cilastatin for the cure rate. We did not have enough data to be sure that they were the best antibiotics to use in the best way to treat VAP (i.e. if they were really good at eliminating the virus from the blood). We judged the quality of evidence for adverse events to be low.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the impact of policies on drug use and health. We found 29 RCTs (12 of which we included in the meta-analyses) that met our criteria. The majority of them were of the 'old age' or 'poor' age groups (e.g. older than 65 years old) or both) in the USA. They were most often aged over 65 years or living in the poorest parts of the world, or both, in publically funded or administered drug plans for the prevention of drug use. There were a range of types of drugs that were studied, as were the so-called'smart drugs' (antipsychotic drugs) and'steroidal' drugs (drugs that block the action of drugs). The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very high. We found that when the use of drugs was restricted, people used their drugs less, and spent less money on them, than if they were allowed to use them. This was the case for both 'new' and 'old' drugs. However, people who used the drugs were more likely to stop using them, and to stop them early. Reduced drug use was the same as for those who used them for the first time (2 studies). Reductions in drug use were the same for both new and old drugs. The same was seen with both for 'new drug use' (gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug class) as well as 'old drug use'. Reducing the cost of drugs decreased the amount of drug used and the number of people who took them, but did not lead to more use of other health services. People who used fewer of the drugs, and the same amount of money they spent, however, they did not use more of the other drugs. This means that people who use these drugs are less likely to need them and they do not use them as much as those who use them more often.
We found 19 randomised trials with a total of 4232 participants. All of the trials compared one-to-one OHA to no OHA or to some form of OHA. There were a wide range of ways in which the trials were done and the methods used in each of these trials were not the same as they should have been. This meant that we were not able to pool the data in a meta-analysis. There was very low-quality evidence that OHA may reduce gingivitis and plaque at all time points. We were unable to find out whether one method was better than any other method as there were too few trials and they were too different from each other in terms of the way they were done or the way the outcomes were assessed. We did not have enough evidence to recommend any method as being the best method to improve the oral health of adults. There is a need for more high-quality trials to be done in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2007. We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared oral steroids with a placebo (sugar pill) or no treatment for capsulitis. One RCTs (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one RCT (40 patients) of steroid injection with or without steroids; one trial (28 adults) of corticosteroids; and one study (32 people) of steroids given under anaesthesia and steroids given with or with the use of an anticholinergicurectomy. Four of the trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one each in the Netherlands, Canada and the Netherlands. One trial in the US and one in Brazil were both funded by the US National Institutes of Health (USA) and the US Navy. One of the USA trials was sponsored by the Ohio Department of Health. In one trial, 48% more people in the control group reported that their symptoms were improved compared to those in the steroid group. In the second trial, 34% more participants in the steroids group and 34% in the placebo group reported improvement in their symptoms. However, the benefit was not maintained after 6 weeks. A third trial, with 40 patients, reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid improvement in pain compared to no treatment. There were no reported side effects in the first six weeks of the trial. The fourth trial with 32 patients, which did not use the same steroids as the one that used the same dose of steroids, reported no benefit in reducing pain. The fifth trial with 40 participants, which used a placebo group, did not report any side effects. We did not have the data from one of the two placebo-controlled trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of steroids on pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in the shoulder.
The purpose of this review were to assess the effect of TMS on people with ALS. We found three trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS (sham TMS). All the trials were of poor methodology and had a high rate of loss to follow up, which increased the risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). Moreover, the high rates of losses to follow-up and the fact that most of the participants did not complete the study, increased the risks of bias. None of the trials reported any adverse events due to the use of tMS. However, we are not able to draw any conclusions at this time as there are too few randomised trials on this topic.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 10 randomised trials with a total of 1049 people with BP published in 2014. All of the people in the trials had BP of varying levels. All trials compared steroids to prednisone, mycophenolate mofetil, tetracycline and nicotinamide, or prednisolone alone. All studies were of moderate to high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. In one of the trials, clobetasol was shown to be effective in improving disease control in the first 1 month after the end of the course of the disease. In the other trial, azathioprine was not shown to work in the same way. There is a need for more research in this area.
Seventy-five randomised trials, with 7957 participants, were included in this review. All of the herbal medicines were tested in the trials. Herbal medicines were compared with placebo (pretend treatment) or with other medicines (drugs) in the control group. All the herbs were used in the studies, and all but three of the trials were of high quality. All trials compared herbal medicines with a placebo or with a drug. Herbs were compared to either the herbal medicine or the drug or with the drug itself. All herbal medicines appeared to be safe, and some appeared to work better than the drug. No serious adverse events from the herbal drugs were reported.
We found 22 randomised trials that studied the use of LNG and other hormonal drugs to prevent pregnancy in a total of 12,400 women. The drugs and doses of the drugs included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in a range of 0.5 to 0.7 mg (4 trials), and other hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Most of the women in the trials were over 40 years of age and most were infertile. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015. We found that LNG appears to be a safe and safe method of contraception. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of a few reports of irregularity in its use. However, most of the reports were of less than 20 years old and most of them were of poor or very old. More research is still needed to find out if LNG is safe and if it is safe.
This is an update of the original Cochrane Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised studies published up to January 2015. We found 15 studies with a total of 561 patients. The age range of patients in most of the studies was 12 to 54 years, although in two of them the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54). Most of the participants in the studies were male (eight studies) and most of them were female (12 studies). The evidence is current to April 2015. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients were included in the meta-analysis for the primary outcome of mesiodististal movement of upper first molar teeth (i.e. the rate at which the upper front molar tooth moves up to the front of the mouth for the first time). There was strong evidence that the use of surgery resulted in an increase in the incidence of this event (1.68 mm per year more). This was the case in seven of the 15 studies. There was no evidence that any one method was any better than the other. None of the trials reported on harms caused by the treatment. The quality of the evidence for each outcome ranged from moderate to very low. Most studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid.
We found 50 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 45,285 people with CKD. Thirty-one RCTs (39,820 people) compared statins with placebo or no treatment, and three RCTS (5547 people) looked at different statin regimens in adults who were not yet on dialysis. The risk of bias in the studies was high. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. Statins were found to be effective in the prevention of heart and blood vessel disease in people with early stages of CKD (not yet on kidney dialysis) and not in those who are not yet receiving dialysis at the time of enrolment in the majority of trials. We found that statins were more likely to reduce the risk of death, heart disease events, and death due to heart disease, stroke, or cancer in people who had CKD at baseline. We were not able to find out whether or not statins had an effect on the rate of heart disease and stroke. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for most of the outcomes.
We searched for all randomised or cross-over (RCT) randomised controlled trials (in which one group of people (the control group) is compared to the other group) of adults (over 18 years of age) with cystic fibrotic cymphenolate mofetil (CYP with LLCs) that assessed the use of any type of analgesic drug (drugs used to treat pain) in adults. We found nine RCTs with a total of 379 participants. All of the participants in the trials had CP in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, which were parallel-design (where one group gets the drug first and the other person gets the other) except for one, were in the USA. We were not able to pool the results of the trials as they were all too different from each other in terms of design and how they were conducted. Three of the included trials (baclofen and BoNT-A) assessed pain in CP and found that pain was lower in the botulinum toxin A group than in the control group. Two of the other trials (pamidronate and alendronate) also found no difference in pain in the treatment group. In one of these trials there were eight serious side-effects; these were difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The other side-effect events in the alendrenate group were seizures. We did not have enough data to be sure if these occurred in the intervention group or the placebo group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. The quality of the evidence was mixed. For the two ITB studies for CP, in the same trial, both found an effect on pain favouring the group treated with the drug, but both were at different time points in their disease. At follow-up in both BoNTsA trials there was no evidence of a reduction in pain between the treatment arms. The side-side-side effects in the Bo NT-A trials were in those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most common side-treatments for those who had received the drug. Based on current data this review was unable to determine the effects of the drugs used as analgesics for pain for cyp in adults with cymprotising cymprophypsia. The evidence that is available is limited. The drugs used were all used as an adjuvant and not commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain. There is a need for more research in this area.
In this review, we aimed to assess the effects of latrepirdine for people with AD. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of this drug in patients with AD up to 30 September 2015. We found seven RCTs with a total of 1697 patients. Three of the trials involved 1243 patients, and four of 1034 patients, were included in the meta-analysis. No data were available from the fifth and sixth trials. We judged five of the studies to be at high risk of bias due to the way they reported their results, and three of the six trials to have high rates of attrition (patients who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events). The evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no evidence to suggest that there is any effect of lat repirdine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, although there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. The quality of the data is low due to inconsistency in the findings and imprecision in the results.
We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years or over) with ischaemic stroke to RIC or non-RIC up to 30 September 2017. We found seven RCTs (involving 735 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemia stroke in both adults and children. The evidence is up to date as of 30 April 2018. We did not find any trials that compared RIC with other treatments such as anticoagulant drugs (drugs that prevent blood clotting in the brain). We found that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrence of recurrent stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis and the stroke severity (the amount of blood pumped around the body) in those undergoing carotid stenting. The risk of death or the need for help with their care was increased in the RIC group compared with the group that did not receive RIC, but no severe adverse events were found. No RIC treatment was shown to cause harm. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main reasons for the low- or very low-quality evidence were a lack of blinding (i.e. people in the control group did not know which group they were in) and a high risk of bias (e.g. participants knew which treatment they were getting).
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of protein supplementation of human milk in preterm neonates up to one year of age. We found six RCTs, with a total of 204 preterm infants fed with human milk. We did not find any trials that investigated the effects of protein supplements on long-term growth, body mass index (BMI) (a measure of weight and height in infants born before 34 weeks' postmenstrual age), or the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis (indigestion). We found low- and very low-certainty data on the effect on growth of the skin, length, and head of the infant. There were no data on outcomes after the infants had been cared for in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) or neonatal neonatal nursery. The evidence is up to date as of June 2017. We were not able to pool the data from the included RCT as the sample sizes were too small, and we did not have enough data to reach a conclusion about the effect of protein intervention on the length of stay in hospital, the rate of growth of skin, or the risk of feeding intolerance. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low for most of the outcomes.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials (RCTs) that compared PEMs to no treatment or to other types of interventions. We found 45 RCTs and 31 ITS studies that met our inclusion criteria. We re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, which used time series regression (i.e. a method of analysing the results of a study) to analyse them, and found that when used alone and compared to no intervention, PEM-s may have a small positive effect on the professional practice of health care providers. There is not enough data to be sure that their use is effective, and we do not know if they are more or less effective than other methods of improving health care.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of interventions that aim to reduce the transmission of STIs and to increase the use of safe sex skills in young people. Twenty-one RCTs were identified. Most of them were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. the USA), although some were done in the UK and some in the US. The majority of the trials taught safer sex skills (i.e. education about STIs, counselling, or both) and helped people to learn to self-manage their own safe sex. They were heterogeneous in the length of the programmes, the contact time, provider, behavioural aims and the results reported. There were a range of interventions, many of which focused on HIV and chlamydia, and some looked at other STIs.  Behavioural programmes aimed at promoting safe sex habits in schools and clinics, for both girls and boys, were not shown to be effective. However, there were some studies that showed that it was effective in the short term. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2004. A new search for eligible trials was carried out in 2007. The search is up to date as of February 2015.
We included a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2337 patients were included in the review. One RCT (63 patients) compared brief psychoeducation with routine care. Participants receiving brief psychosocial education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (n = 448, 3 RCTs, RR 0.63 CI 0.41 to 0.96) and in the medium term (> 12 weeks). Relapse rates were lower in the long term, but not in the longer term. There was no difference in quality of life in either group between the short or medium term, nor in the death rate in both groups. Short-term psychoeducation appears to be an option for those who are not able to take their current drug(s) on a long-term basis. Further large, high-certainty research is needed to confirm or reject the use of brief-term psychosuppressive treatment for people with schizophrenia. This review is up-to-date as of April 2015.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that compared LAMA+LABA to LABA+ICS in adults with COPD up to April 2015. We found 11 RCTs with 9839 patients. Most of the patients included in the studies had milder forms of COPD. One RCT was sponsored by a drug manufacturer, thus it was at high risk of bias. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Compared to the LABA-ICS arm, the results for the main outcomes for the LAMA-LABA arm were as follows: flare-ups (flare-ups are episodes in which a flare-up of the disease occurs), serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) (a short-term measure of lung function), and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from the baseline, which is a long-term assessment of lung pressure in the lungs). The SGRQ is a tool that is used to assess the amount of oxygen in the blood of a patient, and is thought to be the best indicator of lung health. The LAMA +LABA group had a significantly lower risk of an exacerbation (a flare-out in which the air is pumped out by a sputum-filled tube) than the LBA group. However, the quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes, and we were not able to combine the data due to the lack of blinding of participants and the fact that not all of the included patients in the study.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for all relevant randomised trials published up to April 2015. We found three trials with 91 children aged 6 months to 4 years with mild croup. Two of the trials were from the USA and one was from Spain. All three trials compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen (ppm/kg/kg) given for 20 minutes. The other trial was from the Netherlands and was funded by the Wellcome Trust. We did not find any new trials for this update. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. There may be little or no difference in the effect of heliox on croup scores at 20 and 60 minutes, but the average croup score at 60 and 120 minutes may not differ at 60 or 120 minutes. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean tardive dyspepsia (measured in the first 10 to 60 days of life) at 60 minutes (MD -1.11, 95% CI -2.05 to -0.17) but may not at 120 minutes (OR 0.46, 0.04 to 5.41). There may have no effect on the rate of admission to hospital. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality due to imprecision and high risk of bias. In the third trial, 29 children with mild to severe croup received intramuscular dexamethasone (xylometazoline) (0.6 mg/kg), or 100% oxygen (nebulised saline) with one to two doses of adrenaline for three hours. Heliox may improve croup levels at 60 hours, but there may be no difference between groups at 120 hours (OR -3.17, 7.83 to 1.49). In the fourth trial, 47 children with moderate croup, but not severe, received one dose of corticosteroid with 0.3 mg/ kg, with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. We could not pool the data from each trial due to the small numbers of children in each trial. The trials did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. The quality of the evidence was low.
In this review, we looked at the use of many red flag tests (i.e. those that look at the head of the neck) to see if they were useful in the screening of patients with LBP. We found eight randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that looked at whether a red flag test was useful in identifying LBP in patients. Red flags were used in four RCTs (four) and one RCT (one) but in the other three they were not used. There were 29 groups of red flags that were looked at, however, in more than one the same two groups of tests were found to be informative. Unfortunately, most of the red flags were not accurate in the same way as they should have been. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if the decision about which red flag to use for LBP was made wrong, it could lead to over- or over-testing of the patient. If the wrong red flag was used in the wrong way, the over-test would miss the patient and over-estimate the true results. This could miss the wrong conclusions and lead to bias. However, when the right red flag is used, the wrong conclusion is not made and the wrong treatment is made. The available data does not suggest that a combination of a few red flags are more useful than one. Further research is needed to find out which red flags should be used and when. This Cochrane Review is up-to-date as of June 2013.
The aim of this review were to see if urethrotomy is the best way to treat men with urethral stricture. Two randomised trials were identified. One of the trials, with 210 men, found no difference in the rate of men being free of strictures at three years or in the length of time it took to completely free the urethra of urine, but men had to have further surgery. The second trial, with 50 men, compared the rates of stricture recurrence and surgery, but there were too few men in the first six months of the trial to be able to draw conclusions about the effect. There were insufficient data to perform a meta-analysis or to reliably determine the size of the difference. There were not enough data to be sure which surgery is best or not to use in terms of quality of life, side effects and costs.
We found six randomised controlled trials (involving 1211 adults and children) that met the criteria for the review. Four of the trials (two in preschool children and two in school-aged children) were of high quality and lasted 12 to 52 weeks. We found that the use of intermittent ICS was as effective as the ICS used on the first day of each week, with a lower risk of having one or more flare-ups per week (17% with daily ICS and 25% with weekly ICS). There was no difference in the number of people who had a flare-up during the first week of the trial. There was also no difference between the two groups in terms of serious side effects (1055 people with severe asthma). We were not able to combine the results of the four paediatric trials due to the small numbers of patients in each group. We were unable to analyse the results from the adult trials as they were too short for us to be able to analyse them. There were no trials in children or adults. We are unable to draw any conclusions as to which is the best way to treat people with asthma. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found 17 RCTs (involving 1639 participants) that looked at the effects of dietary interventions for adults with CKD. Eleven of these RCTS (900 people) looked at dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice, and six RCT (739 people) examined dietary patterns (7 397 people) that changed fruit and vegetable intake, or both of these. Participants were followed up for an average of 12 months (ranging from 1 to 46.8 months). We were not able to investigate death from any cause (all-cause mortality) or heart disease events (e.g. heart attacks and strokes), as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. We are uncertain about the effect of interventions on death from all-cause death or heart and stroke, or heart failure events, as very few data were found in the included studies. We were able to find that interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. The quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes, mainly due to poor reporting of information in the studies.
We found only one study (with a total of 156 patients) that met our criteria for the review. We found that nebulised salbutamol (or 'nosebleed') was better than mist (salt) for children with bronchiolitis, but mist in a tent (nasal spray) was as good as the others. However, it would be misleading to say that mist therapy works well in the only study that could be included in the meta-analyses. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to say if there is benefit or not for any of these therapies in children.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of statins in people with Alzheimer's disease up to July 2015. We found four RCTs with 1154 participants. Statins were used to treat a wide range of Alzheimer's diseases. Statin treatment was compared with placebo (dummy pill) or no treatment or with other drugs (cholinesterase inhibitors). We found that statins did not appear to be of any benefit for any of the main outcome measures used in the review. There was no difference in behaviour, global function or daily living in the statin and placebo groups. There were no data on side effects. We assessed the risk of bias for all of the studies as low.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found four randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 149 people with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A and Duchenne muscular dystrophy that met the criteria for the review. One RCT with 103 boys compared prednisone to placebo, and the other three RCTs with a total of 26 children and adults. The number of people in each of the studies was limited. The average age of the participants ranged from 13 to 21 years old. In one of the trials, most of the boys in the control group were aged 10 to 15 years. In the other two trials, the age range of the children ranged from 10 to 14 years. One of the other trials, in which all the boys had achilles tendon rupture, found that surgery increased the range of motion of the ankle at 12 months. In conclusion, there is no evidence to suggest that any form of treatment is better than no surgery in the treatment of this disease.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (involving 5218 women) that looked at the benefits and harms of upright and ambulant positions in the first stage of labour. We found that women who were upright were less likely to have a caesarean section, had a shorter labour, and less often had an epidural (epidural) birth. They did not seem to have more adverse effects on the mothers' and their babies' well-being, and there was no evidence that they were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) if they were upright. We were not able to combine the results of the trials due to variation in the methods used to assign women to the groups. We recommend that women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to be able to choose whatever positions they choose.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that looked at the use of TOS in adults. We found three RCTs, but two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which we needed to include in the review. The first RCT, which compared first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP), had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. The second trial, which looked at 37 people with TOS of any type, looked at botulinum toxin (BTX) injection in the skin. There was no effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvement in disability, but it did improve paresthesias at six months' time. There were no side effects in either group. The third RCT (55 people) looked at transaxillary first rib surgically removing part of the first rib. There is very low quality evidence that transaxile first rib surgery is more painful than the neuroplasties, but there is no evidence that either is better than no treatment. The fourth trial (37 people) compared a botox injection with a saline (saline) injection. It was low-risk of bias and had a low risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to play of chance). It did not report any side effects. We did not find any side-effect events in the treatment group. We do not know if other side-effects of the botox or the other drugs used in the trials. We have not found any trials that have looked at other treatments for TOS.
Twenty-one randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 884 participants were included in this review. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The review found that a hand brace reduced pain and function in a short-term basis (four weeks) when used for up to eight weeks. Oral steroids, splinting, ultrasound, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation all showed benefit in small-term studies. Other non-surgical treatments do not show any long-term benefit. In one trial with 50 people, steroid and insulin injections improved pain over eight weeks compared with steroids and placebo injections. In the same trial with 51 people, yoga reduced pain after eight weeks by eight weeks when used in a group of 21 people. In another trial with 21 people, the use of a hand brace, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show benefit when compared to placebo or no treatment. In two trials with 50 participants, vitamin B6 did not demonstrate benefit. More studies are needed to find out how long the effect of treatments last and how long they last.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) of IVS in adults with CRVO-ME up to April 2015. We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 participants. One RCT compared IVS (n = 165) with no treatment, and the second RCT (N = 146) looked at dexamethasone (a drug commonly used for retinal vein occlusion) versus observation. The first RCT was conducted in the UK, the second in the USA, and both were funded by the National Eye Institute of the USA. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. The quality of the evidence is low due to small sample sizes, imprecision of the results of the studies, and bias due to missing results from the first trial. We are not able to conclude whether IVS are beneficial or not for the treatment of this group of patients due to the lack of data. The second trial in the review reported that the implantation of an IVS with a triamcinolone acetonide (tricyclic) in the first half of the trial resulted in an improvement in visual acuity after six months. However, eyes in the IVS group lost more eyes than those in the observation group at 8 months. Adverse events occurred more often with IVS than with observation alone. As many as 20% to 35% of people in the treatment group experienced an adverse event compared with 8% of participants in the control group. The most commonly encountered adverse events in the placebo group. These adverse events were high blood pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularation.
Six randomised trials with a total of 394 patients were included in this review. Five of the six trials showed that intranasal corticosteroids (with beclomethasone, mometasone, fluticasone and nifedoclopramide) are effective in reducing the size of the nosebleeds when used in children with severe nasal bleeds. In the first eight-week cross-over study (336 mcg/day) there was a greater reduction in mean symptom scores than placebo (nosebleed rate) and a greater improvement in mean adenoid/choana ratio (right, -14% versus +0.4%, left, -15% versus -2.0%, P = 0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. The second four-week (400 mcg) parallel-group trial (n = 2) showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index (NOS) decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of the patients who were treated with placebo, and none of the participants who received placebo had such improvement (P < 0.01). The third study (n=77.7%) showed that 77.7% of participants who were given mmetasone (nifedrocortisone) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal blockage symptoms and a decrease in adenoids size, such that patients who received the drug could avoid the need for surgery (nausea or runny nose). However, in one of the trials, the use of an anticholinergics (tricycliciclovir) resulted in no improvement in the nasal blockages. The long-term effects of these drugs in children remain to be determined.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (involving more than one group) that assessed the use of epidurals for severe pre-eclampsia in non-labouring women. We found one randomised trial with 24 women. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2015. The women in the trial received either an epidural block or an anticonvulsant (drug) or both. The control group received the control group that received the other drugs, and the other four drugs, or both, for six hours. The study reported on a range of outcomes for the mother: death of the mother, or more than 42 days after the birth of the baby, or death during pregnancy or after 20 weeks' gestation, or in the first week of life, or during the first month of life (preterm birth), or both of these. For the infant, these were: death: stillbirths (births plus death in utero at or shortly after birth), premature birth (birth before 37 weeks' birth), death before discharge from hospital, neonatal deaths (death within the first 28 days of life), deaths after 28 days; preterm birth (the birth of a child born too early); and side effects of the intervention. We did not have enough data to be able to analyse the effect of epidural block on any of this Cochrane review's main outcomes. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low due to a lack of blinding of women and staff, and unclear risk of bias in the design of the study.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of glucocorticosteroids in alcoholic liver disease up to 30 June 2019. We found 16 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our criteria. Fifteen of the 16 trials (one of which was an abstract) provided us with data (927 people) that we could use in our review. The other 15 RCTs (1 of which were an overview) did not provide us with results. The participants in the trials were aged 25 to 70 years old, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year, or both up to one year later. We are very uncertain about the effect effect on death from any cause up to three months after the end of treatment. There was no evidence of effect on the risk of death due to any cause or on health-related quality of life. Due to poor data, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the safety and side-effect rates. There were no serious side-effects reported in any of the trials. One of the 15 trials (1 participant) was industry-funded, and the other 15 (1 trial) were not clear about whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. As the CIs were wide, we could not rule out any benefits or harms of the drug. We need more randomised randomised trials that are of high-certainty that are large enough to answer our question.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 245 people with a mean age of 31 years. The age range of the people in the studies ranged from 19 to 31 years old. In one of the trials, the average age of the participants ranged from 21 to 25 years, and in the other three trials the age of participants varied from 17 to 21 years. In three of the RCTs, the participants were younger than 21 years old and in one they were younger (18 years old). In one study, all of the adults (18-21 years old) took part in the training programme and the other two groups received the usual care as part of the rehabilitation programme. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the time after stroke was varied, which meant that we could not pool the results of the studies. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. The use of a driving simulator for rehabilitation of impaired drivers in one RCT with 73 participants did not show that it was effective in improving their on-road driving skills after stroke. It was not clear whether it was better or worse than the usual way of driving. No adverse effects from the training were reported. There was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effects of rehabilitation on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and the behaviour of drivers. At present, it is not clear which impairments that affect driving ability after stroke are amable to treat. It is unclear which is the best way to treat these impairments. The quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes, but we were not able to pool the data due to differences in the methods used in the trials.
We found eight studies with 582 people with COPD. Five of the eight trials (involving 519 people) provided us with the data for the meta-analysis. The mean ages of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, and the number of men ranged from 58% to 84%. The duration of treatment ranged from three to 10 days for short-duration treatment and 10 to 15 days for longer-duration therapy. Five studies used prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and the other three used other corticosteroids (10 mg in three, reduced in one). We did not find any difference in the rate of treatment failure (i.e. the rate at which an acute flare-up of COPD recurred) in adults with acute COPD who received short-term (three to seven days) or long-duration (10 to 14 days) steroids compared with those who were treated with longer steroids. We found that shorter course of steroids (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer course of corticostrops (of 10 or 14 days). However, we are not sure if shorter courses of steroids are better than longer courses. We graded most of the evidence as moderate quality due to imprecision; the results of one large trial were too imprecise for us to be sure that they were correct.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the use of red blood cell transfusions for bone marrow failure in adults. We found only one RCT (13 participants) that met our criteria for the review. The RCT was funded by the Cochrane Database of RCTs. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The quality of the evidence was very low. There were no anaemia- and heart failure-related adverse events in the RCT and no effect on activities of daily life (e.g. heart rate, blood pressure, oxygenation or iron levels in blood). The trial did not report any deaths due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of stay in hospital, or the need for blood transfusions. The included RCT did not provide any information on death due to anaemia, heart failure, blood transfusion reactions, or iron level in blood, or serious bleeding. There is not enough evidence to recommend a method of transfusion for bone bone marrow loss in adults with bone cancer. We need more randomised trials with good methodology to decide on the best transfusion method.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. We found two RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. One RCT, which was the first to be included in the review, was based on the television game show "Atypical Feud" and focused on infection control. The second RCT was a case-based game (Snakes and Ladders" board game) and compared it with the usual management of patients with a stroke. The results of the first RCT were imprecise and the second study did not assess any patient or process of care (i.e. patient-centred) outcomes. However, in the first, the patients who were assigned to the game had statistically better results on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). In the second trial, the participants who received the game were more likely to have a better knowledge test than those who did not. The quality of the trial was low and the participants in the group that did not receive the games were more certain that they were in the control group. The studies did not have a high risk of bias. We did not find that the level of bias was lower in the game-based group. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the evidence for the use of these drugs in the long term to prevent relapse in people with bipolar and unipolar depression. Eight randomised trials were found with a total of 475 people. There was some evidence that lithium or antidepressant drugs were better than placebo for preventing relapse, but the true effect of this treatment was not clear. There were no data on long-term safety or side-effects. There is a need for more randomised studies in this area.
The objective of this review were to assess the effects of the amifostine for the treatment of cancer patients with high-dose (high-dose) radioactive iodine. Two randomised controlled trials with a low risk of bias (low chance of bias) were included in the review. One of the trials (with 80 patients) showed no differences in the rate of xerostomia (i.e. failure of the cancer to shrink in the salivary glands) at one year, while the other trial (with 130 participants) showed a reduction in blood pressure. However, the results of both trials were imprecise and no conclusions could be drawn from them. The second study (with 63 people) showed that two patients in one of the treatment groups (67 and 63 patients) dropped out of the study due to side-effects. Therefore, no conclusions can be drawn. No conclusions regarding the use of the drug in the management of people with cancer can be made at this time.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of parenting programmes for improving the language and speech of children with Down syndrome up to six years of age. We found three RCTs that included 45 children aged from 29 months up to 6 years. All three of the studies were small, and we were not able to pool their results. One of them was large, while the other two were very small. Two of them were very different from each other in terms of design and the way they measured the outcomes. The third study was small in size and had a high risk of bias, and so we were unable to combine their findings. We judged all three studies to be at high risk bias, as it was not clear if the parents knew which group the child was in (i.e. the intervention group or the control group). We judged one of the trials as at low-risk of bias because it did not use the 'gold standard' of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group, and the other one as at high-risk bias due to the lack of reporting of one assessed outcome. One study found that the children in the treatment group could use more specific vocabulary words or words for their children in some contexts compared to those in the group that did not receive the intervention. This was not maintained 12 months later. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) was used in one study. The other two studies were funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we have very low confidence in the results of this Cochrane review. This is due to problems in the way the three small, short-term studies were designed and executed. We did not have enough information to be sure that the results we found were valid.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults who had had heart valve surgery up to July 2015. We found two RCTs from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). Exercise-based rehabilitation for adults after heart surgery may lead to an increase in the amount of exercise they can do in the short-term (three to six months) and long term (more than 12 months) as compared with no exercise. We did not find evidence for the effects of exercise-based treatment on the number of deaths in the first 12 to 24 weeks after surgery, or the rate of serious side-effects (e.g. heart attack or stroke). We did find that, when compared with control (no exercise) no exercise was performed, people who did exercise had an increased rate of exercise. Due to a lack of evidence, we were not able to assess the impact of the exercise programme on other outcomes such as death and quality of life. There is a need for more high-quality trials to be done in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of psychosocial interventions for adults with end-stage cancer. We found five RCTs (1130 participants) that met the criteria for the review. Two of the studies looked at the effect of meditation, the others looked at interventions that used a palliative care team (such as a counsellor or a chaplain) or both as part of the care team. The quality of the trials was not high, and in some the methods used in the design they were conducted were not well described. We did not have the information to fully assess the effects of the interventions on the patients' well-being. In general, we did not find any difference in the quality of life or well-health of those who received meditation or usual care, but in the medium term, in the short-term, there was a suggestion that they may have had a greater impact on the patient's well-quality of life. In addition, in some of the multidisciplinary interventions it is not clear if all of the patients in the group that received the interventions were part-of-the-care team. It is unclear in all the trials whether the participants in the other groups in the control group received support from a chaplainly-provider group, or whether they were part of routine care. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 137 patients. We found two RCTs with 45 patients that compared tDCS to sham tDCS (sham tDCS). We found one RCT with 16 patients that looked at the use of tDCS for improving gait speed (measured on a scale of 0 to 10), but there was no evidence that tDCS reduced gait. We did not find any studies looking at the effect of tDS on activities of daily living. Two of six studies, with 45 participants, looked at tDCS compared to control tDCS. One study with 25 patients, which was funded by the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group, found that there was a reduction in off time (i.e. time that the symptoms were not controlled by the medication) and time with dyskinesia (ie, the time that symptoms were controlled but not in the control group) in the tDCS group. The other two trials, with 25 participants, found no reduction in dyskineia. We were not able to determine whether tDCS had an impact on the time people spent in the immobile off-time or on their daily life. There was not enough evidence to say if tDCS changed adverse effects or deaths occurred more often in people with tDCS than in those who were not. We are very uncertain about the effects of tDC on the ability to use activities of everyday life. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of our main outcomes. This was due to the small number of patients in each of the studies, the low numbers of participants in each study, and the low rates of events.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of LASB for CRPS up to July 2015. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 461 patients. We did not find any studies that followed up patients for more than 48 hours. We excluded four studies from the previous version of this Cochrane review, as they were at high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a systematic error in the design of the study that could lead to an over-estimate of effect or bias). We found no new studies in this update of the review. We are not able to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness or adverse effects of this treatment due to the lack of available data. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low to very low due to a lack of high quality evidence and inconsistency, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years or over) with Bell's palsy to receive either antiviral therapy or corticosteroids alone. We found 14 RCTs with 2488 participants. Most of them were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way they were run or reported). We included four new studies at this update. In this review, we found that antivirals and corticostoids may have little or no effect on rates of failure to complete the course of paralysis in people with Bell’s palsy compared to corticoprofen alone. In people with mild Bell's pruritus, the use of antiviral treatment alone may have reduced the late sequelae (the long-term recurrence of paralysis) compared to steroids alone. There was no clear difference in the rate of recurrences (recurrences) with steroids alone compared to placebo. There were no clear differences in adverse events with either treatment or with placebo. The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the outcomes.
We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) that compared LHRH agonists (leuprorelin or treosulfan) in relapsed EOC with a drug (placebo) that was used to treat EOC. We found two RCTs with a total of 97 women. One RCT (Du Bois 2002) looked at the use of a drug that is thought to reduce EOC and found no difference in survival (OS) at six and 12 months. The other (Currie 1994) compared a drug called decapeptyl with a placebo (dummy pill) and found that it was no better or worse than the other drug. Adverse events were incompletely reported in both trials. There may be little or no difference between the drugs in terms of effect on OS, PFS or QoL (QoL). Adverse effects occurred more often in the leuproresulfan group than in the placebo group. There were no adverse events in either group. We do not know if differences in side effects or side-effect rates between the treatment group or the control group would have had an impact on our confidence in the results. We judged the quality of evidence for all outcomes (OS, progression-free survival (PFS; the length of time that the woman remains alive) and adverse events) to be very low.
We found 17 randomised trials that enrolled both term and near-term (term) and preterm (preterm) infants with low blood oxygen levels. We found that iNO reduced the use of ECMO in babies with low oxygen levels in the first few days of life (i.e. the first six to eight weeks of life) and the need for ECMO compared to control (placebo or standard care without iNO). However, iNO did not decrease the rate of death or use ECMO. Oxygenation was improved in about 50% of the infants who received iNO. Infants who had a diaphragmatic hernia were worse than those who did not receive iNO, and iNO was worse than high-frequency ventilator treatment in one trial (Kinsella 1997). Infants with more severe disease who were treated with iNO were no more or less likely to die or to need ECMO when compared to those who were not. In the first week of life, babies who were given iNO seemed to have a better response to iNO than those babies who received control treatment. The use of iNO in preterm or preterm neonates did not seem to have an effect on the length of stay in the neonatal nursery or on the incidence of deafness in these infants. We rated the quality of evidence for most outcomes as high.
The aim of this review was to see if lumbar support is effective in reducing the pain of low-back pain. A search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was run in January 2013. Eight RCTs (involving 14,437 people) were included in this review. Lumbar supports were compared to no intervention or training, or to other treatments (e.g. exercises or physiotherapy). The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. There is no new evidence in this update. This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2004. We found no new trials for this update, but we had planned to include one new trial. However, we did not find one new RCT, so we still have eight studies in the review, which we were able to include in the analysis. The quality of the studies was rather low. Unfortunately, most of them were rather old and of rather poor quality. Therefore, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of the use of librar support. It is still not clear what the best way to help patients with low back pain, and the best ways to give them the best treatment are not clear. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antimicrobial-impregnated CVCs in the prevention of sepsis or death in adults. We found 57 RCTs with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most of the included patients were under the age of 18, and most were in the ICUs or ICUs of ICUs. There were low or unclear risks of bias in all of the studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most of the trials due to the cathetters that were assessing the safety of the drug (antibiotics) in different ways. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. Catheters that are used to prevent blood stream infections are more likely to reduce the rate of blood stream and catheter-infected patients. They are less likely to cause infection or death, or both. Antibiotics do not seem to decrease the number of patients who need blood transfusions or the need for long-term parenteral nutrition. We did not have enough information to be sure that they reduce the risk of adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the implantation site. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found 15 RCTs that took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies took place mainly in slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The participants were 9261 infants and children, 3664 of whom were pregnant, and 9261 of them were mothers. Most of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias, which means that their results are likely to be less likely than if they were of high or very high quality. The findings of the review are based on 15 studies, which we analysed in a meta-analysis. The evidence was of low to very low-certainty due to the wide range of results that we were able to include in our meta-analyses. We were unable to pool the data due to variation in the methods used in the studies, and some of the results were imprecise. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. The quality of evidence was low for most of the outcomes due to inconsistency and imprecision in the results of the analyses. The results of this review are current to April 2015.
This review of 12 RCTs (1023 participants) found that foam dressings do not appear to be more effective in the healing of venous leg ulcers than other wound dressings. There is a need for more research in the area, as many ulcers heal in the short-term and long-term.
We found no RCTs (n = 381 IBD patients) that investigated the use of celecoxib or etoricoxib in the treatment of IBD. There were no trials of other drugs that have been used to treat IBD (e.g. rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib). We have not found any trials of drugs that are commonly used in IBD to treat rheumatology (i.e. inflammation of the colon or colonitis). We did find one trial of the drug rifampicin, which is used in the control group, which compared it to a fake drug (placebo), and the other trial of enemas, which was used in patients with IBD with ulcerative colitis. The results for the IBD exacerbation and side effects of the drugs were uncertain. After 12 weeks of treatment, there was no difference in the incidence of an IBD flare-up in patients in the etoroxib group (17% (14/82) compared to 19% (15/77) in the placebo group (29/82). There was also no significant reduction in the rate of flare-ups in people in the celecoxb group (21% (17/112) when compared to 17% (7/110) in patients taking the fake drug. The side-effect rates in both treatment groups were very low (12/110). No one of the patients in either group died or had serious side-effects. No serious side effects were reported. No adverse events were reported in the other drugs used in this trial. We judged the quality of the studies to be at low risk of bias. Both studies were judged to be high in terms of design and how they were run and executed.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of antibiotics to treat wounds with wounds infected with HIV. We found 22 RCTs with a total of over 2310 participants (one trial did not report the number of participants). Most of the trials had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). Six of the 22 randomised clinical trials (involving 945 participants) included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one of the other four trials included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two of the remaining 13 trials included patients with non-infected wounds; and the rest of the studies did not include people with infected ulcers. All of the evidence was considered to be low or very low-certainty due to risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance) and imprecision (that is, there were too few participants in each trial for the results to be valid). This means that we are uncertain about the effects of antibiotics on wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection (removal of the infection using a large incision in the skin), and side-effect rates. There were no wound-healing data, and we were not able to pool data for wound healing or side-effects. There was very low certainty (downgraded) for each of our primary outcomes (wound healing, the rate of wound healing per 1000 wounds healed per 1000 patients) and very low quality (very low quality) for adverse events.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found six RCTs (involving 5193 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We did not identify any new studies for this update. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. In this review, we found that zinc supplementation in the first six weeks of life leads to a reduction in the incidence and prevalence of pneumonia.
The aim of this review were to assess the benefits and harms of vitamin A for children and adults with diarrhoea. Vitamin A was found to be safe and may reduce the incidence of acute LRTIs, but does not seem to reduce the number of children who have an episode of LRTI. However, children who are not healthy are more likely to have an acute episode. Therefore, vitamin A should not be given to all children.
This review found that theophylline has a modest effect on forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) and forced ventricles (FVC) in the short term (i.e. the length of time it takes for the air to expand in the lungs) in adults with moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants who received a number of other bronchodilator drugs (e.g. prednisone, prednisolone, epinephrine) and a corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). There was a very low dropout rate in the 20 RCTs that could be included in this review, which means that most of the people in the studies were aware that they were taking the drug (although not all of them were). This may have made them more willing to take the drug.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 439 people with egg allergy, aged 1 year to 18 years old. Each of the 10 RCTs used a different way to give the vaccine, and none used sublingual (sublingual) treatment. Three studies used a placebo (pretend) control group, and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control group. All of the studies enrolled small numbers of children, and used the same method to provide the vaccine. The main outcomes of the review were: an increase in the amount of egg that can be taken by mouth without adverse events while the child is receiving allergen-specific oral immunotherapy or sublingial immunotherapy, or both, compared to control; and a reduction in the level of egg in the blood of the child by the end of treatment compared with the number of people who are unable to eat or drink eggs. The quality of evidence was judged as low due to the low numbers of participants and events, and possible bias in the majority of the trials. It appears that the use of oral treatment for egg allergy is effective, but we are not sure about this as there were too few trials with too few participants, and some of the methods used in the trials were not as well described as we would have liked. However, we are still not sure if there are benefits and harms in the longer term for those who are allergic to egg. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 579 participants. Two of the four RCTs were from the USA, one from South Africa and one each from the Netherlands, the UK and the Netherlands. The evidence is up to date as of 15 June 2015. The results of our meta-analysis showed no difference in the risk of long-term death (i.e. death over the course of a year) in the group of patients who received ILR implantation and those who did not in the follow-up group. We did not find any data on short-term deaths. Due to the lack of data on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, we were not able to analyse the results for this outcome. Two trials seemed to show a decrease in the rate of syncope relapses after the implantation of the ILR device. The cost of the implant was lower for participants who received the implant. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the other end-points analysed. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All four RCTs compared the use of sclerosant agents (ulcerative colitis) to surgery for the treatment of patients with hydrocoeles. The evidence is up to date as of 30th June 2015. All studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the trial) and bias (bias due to variation in the methods used in the study design). All four studies were funded by the National Institutes of Health (USA) through a grant from the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group. One study did not report the source of funding. There were no differences in the cure rate in the two groups in the short-term (three-month) follow-up. There was an increased risk of recurrence in those who received sclerotherapy compared with surgery. However the recurrence rate was higher in the surgery group. One of the studies reported a lower rate of fever in the sclerostomy group. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the trials. Only one of the four studies reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no difference in this outcome between the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes in this review was very low. There is a great need for further large, well-conducted trials that assess the effects of different types of sclosant agent, sclerosing solution concentration and the amount of blood used. It is important that the trials have a large sample size and long duration of treatment. Studies should look at the outcomes of pain, recurrence, cost and time to work resumption as the main outcomes. The methods for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these trials should comply with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT.
We found one RCT (involving 40 patients) that looked at the use of rhDNase in children with airway malacia and a lung infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. We did not find any other RCTs on this topic. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2013. We found no new trials at the time of the last search in February 2015. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as we did not identify any new trials. RhDNase is a drug that is thought to improve airflow in the airway and the lungs, and it has been used in the treatment of tracheomalacia. We do not know from the RCT whether it is effective or not. The RCT included in this review was well designed and was well run. We judged the quality of the included RCT to be high.
We found 21 studies with 2658 people with MUPS or MUPS. All of the people in the studies had MUPS and ranged in age from 18 to 65 years. Most of them had mild-to-chronic MUPS, and the average age of people in each study ranged from 19 to 21 years. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of psychological treatment on the body. Fourteen of the 21 studies looked at psychological therapy (CBT) and the rest looked at other forms of therapy (behavioural therapy, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapy, and integrative therapy). Most of the participants in the trials had milder MUPS than those in the control groups. The CBT group had more severe pain at the end of treatment than the control group at the beginning of the trial. CBT was found to be slightly better than usual care or waiting list, but was no more effective than enhanced care or a waiting list. However, CBT did not seem to be more helpful than the usual care group in terms of reducing the severity of their pain. Most studies did not use the CBT groups in the same way, and so we do not know if they would have had the same effect if they had been the same treatment as the group of people who did not receive CBT. Five studies compared CBT with usual care, and we did not have enough data to be sure that they were the same as the other groups. We found that CBT appeared to be just as good as usual care and waiting list for improving the symptoms of MUPS for most of the outcomes, although it was not more effective for some of them. The quality of the evidence contributing to this review was rated as low to moderate. This was mainly due to the lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and outcome assessors, which makes it hard to tell whether CBT works or not.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of regional anaesthesia in breast cancer surgery up to three months after surgery. We found 63 RCTs, but we were able to combine the results of 39 of them, with a total of 3027 participants. We did not find any studies that compared regional anaesthetics with epidural anaesthesia. We were not able to pool results for adverse effects due the studies did not look at them in a way that we could use in our analysis. We conclude that regional anaesthetic may reduce the risk of experiencing pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgical surgery. There is low-risk of the occurrence of pain after thoracotomy and caesarean section. We are unable to make any conclusions about other surgical methods, as we found too few good-quality evidence. We need more research in this area. We do not have enough data to be sure that paravertebral block does not reduce the rate of pain, and we do not know if there is a role for it in the prevention of pain in women with cancer surgery.
Twenty-eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1742 people with BPD were included in this review. Twenty-eight RCTs (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate, amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin) were included. The RCT was conducted in the USA, the UK and the Netherlands. All drugs were well-treatments for BPD and all but one had a high rate of adverse events. Antidepressants were the only drug with a low rate of side-effects. There was a possible increased risk of self-harms behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters with olanzapine. However, other drugs showed more weight gain and sedation. No evidence for the use of antidepressants in BPD for the long-term use of BPD treatment was found.
We searched for all randomised or cross-over (cross-over) randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared washout to no washout in patients with urethral cancer. We found seven RCTs (involving a total of 349 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acid) when used to treat urethric cancer have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or the length of time each catheters are in place (i.e. when they are in the urine). We are not able to conclude if washouts are beneficial or harmful as there were too few trials that looked at them, and they were not large enough in terms of sample size or length of follow-up. There were also too few studies that compared the use of washouts with each other or with other types of washout. We were unable to find out if one washout method was better or worse than the other, as the quality of the evidence was too low or very low. We need more high quality trials that are large enough to be sure that washout is effective or not. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2017. We found 30 RCTs with 18,682 participants. Eighteen of the trials (involving 14,573 survivors) contributed to the main aim of this review. The other studies (included in the review) used other measures such as age of the participant, cancer diagnosis, and age of participants to assess tiredness. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. It is not clear how many people in the studies suffered from tiredness after treatment for their cancer. The quality of the evidence is low to very low. This is due to differences in the types of cancer, treatments, and people who took part in the study, as well as the way the studies were run and reported. Therefore, we do not know exactly how many patients suffer from fatigue after the course of treatment for childhood cancer is affected by tiredness, and it is unclear whether tiredness is the cause of tiredness in the long term for many of these patients. One of the studies reported on tiredness over time, and found that in the past 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) in the control group had experienced tiredness at the end of treatment. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be associated with fatigue. We were not able to pool results for any of the reported risks and associated factors, as we could not combine them in a meta-analyse. This means that we are not sure if tiredness caused by cancer is a cause of fatigue in children or adults.
We found 36 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 6914 adult patients. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patients and risk of RTIs and deaths in the control groups. There were no RCTs on this topic in one trial which did not show any benefit for the control group. However, the use of prophylaxis alone reduces the risk of acute lung infections and the rate of death in adults.
In this review, we aimed to find out if training nursing staff in nursing homes could help reduce the use of physical restraints in children and adult nursing homes. We found five randomised trials that looked at this topic. Four of the studies looked at nursing homes, and one study looked at the effect on the residents of those in 'group dwelling' units (i.e. those who live in the area in which the nursing home is used). The studies showed mixed results. Only one study in the nurse's home group showed an increase in PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three other three studies showed reduced use of PR in the control group after seven and 12 months of follow up, respectively. Unfortunately, the studies were not of high quality and the results should be viewed with caution. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions at this time. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four randomised trials (involving 416 women) that looked at the use of glucocorticoids to increase the chances of live birth rates. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The trials were conducted in the UK, France, Greece and the USA. One of the studies gave a poor description of the design, but the other was at low risk of bias in all aspects. Two of the trials (310 women) had data in a form that we could not use in the review, so we only have data from two of the four trials. There was not enough evidence to say whether there was any impact on live birth rate. Our results suggest that if the chance for live birth with placebo was assumed to be 15%, the chance in the group of participants with live birth would be between 7% and 31%. There was no evidence of a difference between the groups in clinical pregnancy rate (i.e. the rate at which a woman would have a chance of having a baby if they did not have live birth). If the chance of a healthy birth with a control birth was 24%, the chances in the control group would be from 23% to 47%. There were too few events in the trials for us to be able to draw any conclusions about side-effects or safety. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of rhGH in CF, with 291 people with CF, aged between five and 23 years old. Six trials lasted for one year and two RCTs lasted for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some measures of lung function (low- to very low- or high-dose) compared to no treatment and one RCT (63 people) showed that it improved height, weight and lean body mass (very low- to low-dose rhGH). We did not find any difference in the body's body's weight, height or lean cell mass with rhGH. There is some low-to-very low quality evidence from one trial (63 participants) that shows that the change in blood glucose levels, although not caused by RhGH, is likely to lead to a change in the level of glucose in the blood of patients with CF who would be expected to have diabetes. No significant change in quality of life, health-care costs or side-effects were seen in this review due to the small number of people in the trials. RhGH therapy is not recommended for routine use in adults with CF. Long-term, well-designed trials are required to find out if rhGH is beneficial or not for adults with cystic fibrosis.
We included 26 non-randomized controlled trials with 1,695 workers in this review. All of the studies were conducted in the UK, USA, Canada, France, Greece, Japan, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. Most of them were carried out in the USA, and one each in Taiwan, South Africa, and the Netherlands. The quality of the evidence is very low for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. We found that the use of removal from exposure may lead to an increase in the number of people who do not have any symptoms of an acute flare-up of their asthma. However, it may make little or no impact on the risk of being lost to work when they are lost to their jobs. The risk of becoming sick again may be similar to that of those who are already losing their job. We also found that people who were removed from their jobs may be more likely to be able to work in their next job than those who were kept in their current jobs. We did not have enough data to be sure that this was the case. We were not able to determine if removal from their work was more or less likely to make them feel worse about their symptoms. We are not confident that it is more effective than using the same type of medication, or the same amount of medication in the same job, because we did not find enough data. We do not know if it would make a greater impact on their work than if they were employed to take the medication every day. We need more research to find out the best ways to reduce the amount of work that people work in the workplace.
We found six trials with a total of 1758 patients. All participants in the trials had nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). On-demand use of PPI may lead to an increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' (i.e. dyspepsia, regurgitation) compared with continuous PPI use. There may be a reduction in the amount of pills used each week for the course of a week, but we are not sure if this would lead to benefit or harm in the long term. We are not confident that it does lead to harm. There were not enough data to make a conclusion about the long-term benefits or harms of stopping PPI.
We found 13 randomised trials (studies in which people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 997 participants. We found that people with schizophrenia who took part in a social skills programme showed signs of improving their social skills compared to those who were not able to participate in social skills programmes. We also found that there was a lower rate of relapse (i.e. people who needed to be cared for in hospital) and people who were able to go home from hospital were less likely to come back to hospital. We did not find any difference in the quality of life of those who participated in the social skills training group. However, when we looked at the results of one large multi-centre randomised trial there was an improvement in people's mental health, although again we did not have enough data to be certain about this. We do not know if this was the result of chance or chance. We judged the evidence for all of the outcomes in this review to be very low quality. This was due to a lack of data and concerns about the methods used in some of the trials.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of pegloticase for the management of tophi in gout. We found two RCTs with 225 people with gout, 145 with tophi at baseline. We were able to combine the results from one of the studies, which showed that peglotics given once a week for two weeks (two-week) may reduce the tophi of up to three per cent in the short term (up to three months) in those with the most severe tophi. We did not find any studies that looked at other treatments for tophi, such as surgery, laser, or other forms of treatment such as antibiotics. There were a high rate of side effects in all treatment groups, which may have been due to the fact that most of the side events in the placebo group were due to flare-ups of gout itself. This may have led to an over-estimation of the true effect of the drug. We only found one RCT, which was at low risk of bias, that met our criteria. It showed that people taking pegliotics on a biweekly basis had a lower tophi than those who took a placebo, but the benefit of the treatment was less in the group of people who took the placebo. We are not sure if this was the result of chance or not. There was a high number of side-effects in both groups. We do not know if this would have happened if the drug was not given to the correct amount of treatment. There is a need for more studies in this area.
In this review, we aimed to find out if the use of immunoglobulin alone or in combination with IgA or IgG/IgA in the first six to 12 weeks of life reduces the rate of NEC or the need for surgery, or both, when compared to use of IgA alone. We found three randomised trials (involving 2095 neonates) that met our criteria for the review. We did not find any studies on use of the IgA with IgG for the prevention of NEC.
This review of five randomised trials (involving 2197 women) found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy and cancer surgery reduces the risk of a recurrence of cancer in the pelvis (neck of the womb) by a small amount. It is not clear if it is more or less effective than surgery, but it does seem to be more likely to be useful when used with other drugs that are used for cancer control.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of this type of programme. We included 35 RCTs, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these were conducted in low- and middle-countries, and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had studied the programmes, and some asked clients what they felt they would like from a digital health programme. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. Our findings showed that clients' views of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them the messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high confidence). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number (moderate confidence). Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others (low confidence). The cost of messages could be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge (high risk of bias). Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and use of mobile phones could also be a concern (high quality). Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality (high certainty). Some providers suggested ways to deal with these issues, such as giving the clients the messages in a way that did not allow them to see them, or asking them to choose the content of the message. Clients' views about who sent the messages sent to them, and their views of the programme itself, could impact on their opinions of the programmes. This means that the decisions about whether or not to send the messages to clients, or whether to use them at the right time, should be made based on people's views and preferences for the best way to communicate with clients. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low.
Twenty-three trials with 2467 participants were included in this review. The trials compared methadone with placebo (dummy pill) or other opioid agonists (e.g. epinephrine agonists, nifedipine or paiduyangsheng), or both, and found no clear difference in effect in terms of the number of people who completed treatment, number of participants who were still using the drugs at the end of treatment, or the rate at which people stopped taking the drugs. However, the trials showed that people who stopped using the medicines were less likely to relapse to heroin use than those who started using them again.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of this form of treatment. We found nine randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 1109 participants. The level of sedation (heavy sedation) was the same as for light sedation and similar to that used with clonidine and symptomatic drugs (naltrexone) but was significantly more intense. This means that heavy sedation is more intense but less long-term than the other forms of detoxification. There is a greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and this is the case probably with this method of detoxiation as well as the high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in money terms and use of resources.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's original Cochrane review published in 2004. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effect of the drug molesindone for schizophrenia. We found 14 RCTs that met the inclusion criteria. The trials lasted from 10 days (10 days) up to three months. We did not find any trials that compared the drug with placebo. When compared to other typical antipsychotics, we found no evidence that the drug was any more or less likely than other typical drugs to reduce the rate of improvement in the symptoms of schizophrenia. It did, on the other hand, cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence for the efficacy of this drug is very low, due to the small number of included trials and the poor quality of the way they were done.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 patients. They can be grouped into three main groups: They are those that use a bleaching agent (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide) to lighten melasma, and they use a range of other treatments such rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening creams (Thiospot and Gigawhite). We were not able to pool the results of the studies due to the variation in the treatments used. Tri-combination cream was significantly more effective at lightening melasma than hydrocortisone alone. Azelaic acid (20%) was more effective than 2% hydquinone. In conclusion, we found that the use of the triple-combinant cream was more beneficial than the use only of hydrocolloid cream, but not as effective as the tetracycline cream. Adverse effects of these treatments were mild and short-lived, such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and sting. The quality of the evidence for each of the treatments ranged from very low to very low.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 12 randomised trials, with a total of 1319 patients. All of the patients included in the trials had trabeculectomy for the first time, and most of them (83%) were male. The average age of patients ranged from 61 to 75 years. All studies were at low risk of bias (i.e. not biased due to the way they were designed and executed) and all were at high risk of reporting bias (that is, there was a high chance that the true effect of the surgery was found in the wrong way). Most of the studies were of low or very low quality, which means that their results may not be valid. The results of the review indicate that in the first year after surgery, there is a small reduction in the number of patients who fail during the first course of surgery. This was the case in both high-risk and low-risk patients, and in those who had surgery for their first time. This means that for each type of surgery, the results for the high-dose surgery group and the low-dose surgical group could not be combined. None of the trials reported on the patients' views of the care they received, which meant that we do not know if they would have known which group they were in. However, it is likely that if they had known which treatment they were getting, it would have led to bias in many of the results. The review also found that 5-FU injections are now rarely used as part of routine care but are often used on an ad hoc basis. This is likely to change with more often than they should be used now.
This review found that inhaled corticostrops for more than six months reduce the rate of flare-ups (flare-ups) of COPD, but that they may increase the risk of pneumonia. In the long term, there is a chance that they could cause a flare-up. There is a risk that in the short term, they could increase the number of patients who have a lung infection. However, the long-term use of these drugs in COPD should not be done in the first case as there are too few patients with COPD who would need them.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with dysmenorrhoea up to July 2015. We found 80 RCTs with a total of 5820 women. Most of the trials (59%) were conducted in the 1980s and most of them (31%) were of high quality. NSAIDs were compared with placebo, paracetamol, or each other. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. We did not find any trials that compared NSAIDs with other drugs that are used for pain relief in pain, for example, ibuprofen, rituximab, or gingko biloba. However, we did find one trial that looked at the effect of nifedipine, which is used for menstrual irregularity, and found that it was more effective than placebo. There were too few trials to be able to show which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of pain for the pain-free period of the first six to 12 week of postmenopausea. There was too little information available for us to be sure that NSAIDs are better or worse than other drugs for pain pain relief than other NSAIDs for the first 6 to 12 weeks of the postmenopausal woman's life. We rated the quality of the evidence for most comparisons as low, mainly due poor reporting of the methods used in the trials.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that assessed the effect of high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants) in adults with heart failure. We found seven RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. We did not pool the results as there were too few data available for us to be able to pool them. With the three studies that were included, we found that high PEEP was no better or worse than low PEEP for reducing the number of deaths or the risk of barotrauma (air in the lung). Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although we did not have enough data to be sure that this was the case. The number of ventilator-free days in the ICU was not increased in the two high-pEEP groups. We do not know if this would have reduced the length of time an adult would spend in an ICU. The subgroup of participants with ARDS who received high- and low-pEPEPS showed fewer deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU). We must be aware that in two of the three trials (2417 patients) that compared high with low-dose PEEP, the quality of the trials was not high. Therefore, we do not think that our conclusions would be valid.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found 23 new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for this update. Overall, we included 42 RCTs with 11,399 patients. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The majority of the trials were of high quality, although a few were of poor or very low quality due to poor reporting of the methods used in the design and execution of the studies. The current review found that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT patients when used in pre-renal patients, and that the risk of experiencing an AKI when given with HES is more than twice that of the risk with other products. There is a need for RRT in the HES treated patients, as well as an increased risk of AKI in those who receive HES. The risk of adverse events (injury) was similar in both HES and non-sepsis treatment groups. However, more severe adverse events occurred in the sepsis group, as the RIFLE-I rate was 1.22 (95% CI 1.08 to 1.37). No difference was seen between subgroups for the RRT and RIFle-F based outcome, which may be due to differences in the patient's response to the treatment. The quality of the evidence was good.
We identified nine randomised controlled trials (Rheum officinale) that enrolled 682 patients with CKD. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The quality of the evidence is low to very low due to the lack of blinding of the patients and the small size of the sample size. We did not find any studies that were at low risk of bias. Compared with no treatment, Rheum angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) showed a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels. However, it is not clear if this effect would be maintained if the drug was used more often or for a longer period of time. No data were available on death from any cause or cost of treatment. No severe adverse events occurred in the studies that we were able to include in the meta-analyses. We are not able to make any recommendations for or against the use of this drug as a treatment for kidney failure due to lack of evidence.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of an IQCODE test for older adults (over 65 years of age) who were at risk of Alzheimer's disease. We found 13 RCTs (involving 2745 individuals) that met our inclusion criteria. We combined the results of all of the trials and found that the test was accurate in the following way: it was able to identify those individuals who would be at risk for Alzheimer's diseases, and those who would not have been at risk. This means that we would not be able to perform the test in people who are not at risk because they do not have Alzheimer's disorders. We did not have enough data to be certain about the accuracy of the test itself. We also had too few data available to be sure that it was correct in the other ways it was used, such as the way it was written and how it was reported. We were not able to combine the data from all studies, which meant that we were unable to draw the overall results. We are unable to make any firm conclusions at this time.
We found three RCTs (involving 91 participants) that looked at the effects of rehabilitation programmes after BoNT for upper limb spasticity. All three studies looked at different types and intensities of treatment (e.g. exercise, physiotherapy) and compared them to each other or to other types of therapy. There was some evidence that mCIMT (which is thought to be the 'gold standard' of rehabilitation therapy) improved upper limb function up to six months after treatment, up to 12 months, but the quality of the evidence was low. There was some low or very low evidence that the use of a 'dynamical elbow splinting' (where the elbow is splinted) programme reduced elbow range of movement up to 14 weeks later. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the person's or the carer's preferences for the care of their affected limb. We did not find any trials that looked into the effects on the length of time that the affected arm was left in place (i.e. if it was in place during the course of the rehabilitation programme) or the amount of time it took to get the arm out of the socket (insertion of a plate and/or a sleeve). We do not know which type of treatment is the best to use in the long term to try to reduce the spaticity associated with rehabilitation. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2007. We found no new evidence.
This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials that long-term treatment with lamivudine or HBIg after liver transplantation is effective in preventing recurrence of HBV infection. There is a need for large, well-conducted randomised clinical trials to determine the best treatment for patients infected with HBV.
Searches identified 13,306 citations. Fifteen studies with 1019 patients were found that metformin, ganciclovir or guanfacil were used to treat LADA up to 10 years ago. All of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design or reporting of the trial) as well as a great amount of heterogeneity in the methods used in the design and conduct of the trials. This means that it is difficult to be sure that one method of treating LADA is the same as the other. One study showed that the use of sulphonylurea with insulin did not lead to better blood glucose control than insulin alone, however, it was shown that it may lead to worse blood sugar control if used for LADA compared to insulin alone. There was no evidence on the safety of other treatments such as GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase) (20 μg) or GADNT (20 µol/L) (10 µg/L). However, there is no evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found 70 RCTs (44,958 participants) that met our criteria for the review. Thirty-one of these were in the USA, with 42,784 participants in the meta-analyses. The results of this review are based on a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database up to April 2015. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. We did not find any new studies at this time point. We have found that there are too few studies to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the effects of these programmes for the prevention of misuse of alcohol in the first three to four months after they are implemented. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for most of the outcomes, but we downgraded the quality for those that we considered to be at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to inconsistencies in the methods used in some of the studies). This is because we did not have enough information to be sure that their results were valid. We conclude that there is too much variation in the results of the trials for us to be confident in our conclusions, and that it is not clear whether they were carried out correctly or not. This means that we have not been able to pool their results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THA. One trial (81 adults) looked at the use of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision of these. The other two trials (265 adults) compared hip precautions with or without the prescription of equipment and restrictions to function. One study (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared people who had hip protection with those who did not have hip protection. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the first 12 months after the surgery. The study did not measure pain, function, re-operations or total adverse events. The second study (146 adults; 146 participants) compared an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation service on the day after surgery compared to those who had a conventional rehabilitation programme in the community. The evidence was of very low quality. We were not able to assess the quality of evidence from one of the studies due to the lack of data. Due to the low quality of the evidence, we are not sure if hip precautions are effective in the short or long term in reducing the risk of hip dislocations. We are also not certain if the effect of these programmes on the rate of re-operation or the rates of adverse events such as pain. We need more high-quality evidence from high- and long-term trials to determine if these programmes are beneficial in the long term for those who have received 530 thyrotropic thromboembolism.
The review of three trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. It is not clear if this is true for all women, but more research is needed to confirm this.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of changing the amount of food or drink that people eat or drink when they are asked to choose one of a range of foods or drinks (e.g. fruit, vegetable, or fruit) or both. We found 24 RCTs, with a total of 24 trials. All of the trials looked at food products; none of them looked at alcohol or tobacco. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. The majority of studies were of adult adults (17/24), and most of them were of high-income countries (14/24). Most of them took place in the USA, which is the most appropriate place to look at changes in food use. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this assessment were that most of the studies were small, short-term, and at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a bias due to the way the people in the study were allocated to the foods or drink). For example, in one study (41 participants) the food was placed far away from the person's home (n = 41) which reduced the number of foods they ate. For the rest of the outcomes, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions. However, it is likely that such changes in behaviour could lead to meaningful changes in the way people eat and drink foods. This would lead to real-world changes in people's foods use, such as changes in restaurants and restaurants, or a change in how much food they drink. We are not sure which of these changes lead to the change in behaviour. We have not been able to find out from this Cochrane review whether these changes in foods use in the food use of adults. We need more research in this area.
The use of antiretroviral drugs to treat people living with HIV is based on the theory that if the virus is in the blood, the body's own immune response to the virus, which normally clears the virus from the urine, will reduce the transmission of the virus to the body. If this is not the case, the virus will be cleared from the blood more often than if the HIV was in the urine. Antibiotics are drugs that kill the virus and prevent the spread of HIV in the body, such as those used in the antiphospholipidicidals of antifungal drugs. Antifungals are used when the virus becomes active. If the drug is not active, a course of drugs are used to treat the virus. The purpose of this review was to assess the effect of the use of these drugs in people who have been exposed to HIV. We did not find any randomised trials that looked at the effects of using these drugs to prevent HIV seroconversion.
Overall there is an absence of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for the use of CBT in the management of chronic pain. There is no need for more general RCTs reporting group means: rather, different types of studies and analyses are needed to find out which CBT work for which type of patient and for which outcome/s, and to try to understand why. CBT is a good way to treat chronic pain, and has been used in a wide range of non-rCTs, although most have looked at people with acute pain. Cochrane Schizophrenia's Cochrane Review is current to July 2013.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised trials (in which one group of people (the intervention group) is compared with a group (the control group) that received any type of food or a control group (i.e. a 'place of care) that aimed to reduce the amount of salt in the food of more than 260,000 adults. We found 15 trials that met our criteria. None of the trials were conducted in lower-middle- or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 trials (64,798 participants) provided data that we could use in our meta-analyses. Because of high levels of heterogeneity (I2 > 90%), we focused on the results of each trial rather than on pooled results. Of those seven trials, four showed a reduction in salt intake from pre-prevention to post-intervention, and one showed an increase in salt content in the diet of 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) over the course of the intervention. Of the other three trials (Netherland, China, Finland, France, UK, USA), one showed a decrease in salt and two showed an improvement in salt levels in the urine of 2.0 mg/day more per person per day more (Switzerland; see above), although in both countries the data point was from several years prior to the start of the trial. We could not combine the data from the other trials as they used a wide range of measures (e.g. change to healthier foods, changes in foods or changes in food use). We found no adverse effects of these trials. We assessed the quality of the evidence for the main outcome (reduced salt intake per day) as very low. This was due to the risk of bias in the trials and the variation in the direction and size of effect across the trials.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of medicines to treat sleep bruxism in adults. We found seven RCTs that met our criteria. All of them had a number of patients, ranging from seven to 16, with a cross-over design. Amitriptyline, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa, or tryptophan were included in three of the trials. The other trials were of low risk of bias, while the other four were of uncertain risk. The results for most comparisons were uncertain due to imprecision (i.e. there were too few participants in each trial). The use of preventive medicines (such as rifampicin, dexamethasone, ketoprofen, or ketorol) did not appear to cause any side-effects. The use preventive medicines did not seem to increase the risk of a side-effect in three trials. Side-effects occurred frequently in the amitripttricyline group (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well as in the people who took proprophenol (7/16 had moderate-to-severe xeroadomia in one trial, and 2/16 in the control group). Clonidine was associated with a prolonged night-time low blood sugar (hypoxia) group (three trials) in three studies, and with a short-term low blood pressure group (up to 10 episodes per week in one study). Adverse effects occurred often in the participants in the inactive group (down to 5/10 participants in one randomised trial) and in those in the active group (involving 0/16 participants). The evidence is up to date as of June 2015.
We identified 10 studies with 1015 adults (aged 18 years or over) with ARDS. We assessed some of the studies as having high risk of bias due to poor design. We were not able to pool the data due to differences in the way they were designed and reported their results. We are uncertain whether the use of an immunonutrition treatment with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants reduces the risk of death or the duration of intensive care unit (ICU) stay in the ICU) in adults with acute myocardial infarction (ARDS). We are also uncertain whether immunonutral treatment reduces the need for ventilator (ventilator) days or the length of time that an ICU is used to treat patients with an ARDS, or whether it leads to adverse events such as heart failure, bleeding in the brain, or kidney failure. The evidence is up to date as of June 2017. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 33 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of the question method to determine whether it was better or worse than the control method. We were able to combine the results from some of these trials, which showed that it was just as good as the controls, but not as good, at detecting more than one AE. However, we were not able to pool the results together due to too few trials and too many potential AE endpoints in a trial. We are not sure if the same conclusions can be drawn from one method over the other. There is a great need for more research in this area.
We identified 582 records from the databases. We searched for all of these in a wide-ranging way. We found 10 more records by searching other sources (handsearching) and found 10 studies that we could use. We included all of them in the review (393 records). We found one case-control study of 154 cases of GTCS and 616 controls that looked at the effect of nocturnal supervision (i.e. the use of alarms or alarms placed on the bed at night) for people with epilepsy. We were able to analyse the data from this study and found that when a person with epilepsy was supervised at night, they were less likely to have an epileptic episode every night. This effect was not seen when a supervising person was not supervising the person, or when a monitoring device was used to check for an epilepsy episode. We did not find any difference in the number of people who died during the night. We do not know if other safety measures such as alarms, pillows, SSRIs (drugs that reduce the rate of epileptic episodes), or early surgery, prevent the seizure recurrence. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time due to the lack of data. We need more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared autogenic drainage to any other form of airway clearance technique in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found seven RCTs with 208 participants. The age of participants ranged from seven to 63 years with a wide range of lung disease severity reported. Six of the studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one of them had been hospitalised with an acute flare-up of their lung disease. The length of the trials ranged from four days to two years. All of the people in the trials were able to breathe on their own at the end of the course of the trial. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-over design, the lack of blinding of participants and the fact that most of the participants knew which treatment they were in (i.e. autogenic drain or no drain). This makes it hard to compare the results of the study to those of other studies. We did not find any studies that looked at the same type of treatment (autogenic drainage or postural drainage) and we were not able to pool the data from the trials. We were unable to draw any conclusions as to whether autogenic drains are better or worse than other treatments for lung failure due to lack of data. Autogenic drainage was not found to be any better than other forms of treatment such as physiotherapy (postural drainage or percussion) from the seven trials. The overall quality of evidence was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of CBT for the management of GAD. Twenty-five studies (1305 patients) were included in the review, of which 22 of them (1060 patients) provided data for the review. Cochrane authors found that CBT based on CBT principles is effective in the short-term treatment of anxiety for GAD, in terms of reducing anxiety symptoms. Further, CBT appears to be better than other psychosocial therapies, such as TAU/WL, in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms for the first three to six weeks of follow-up. Unfortunately, the body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which CBT is more effective. There is a need for more long-term research in this area.
Twelve trials (1,856 women) were included in the review. The trials were a mix of multicentre and single-centre trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five of the trials, women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the remaining four trials, progestogen was given to women with two or more miscarriages. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of bias due to the design of the trial) for most of the outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019. The review of trials found that, for women who had had more than one miscarriage, the use of progestogen may reduce the rate of miscarriages in the third trimester. There may be little or no difference in the rates of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. None of the other outcomes for the mother or her baby, such as death of the mother, thromboembolic events (blood clot in the blood of the child), depression, admission to special care, or later fertility. The quality of the evidence was very low for the outcomes of preterm birth and neonatal death.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed psychosocial treatment for drug use in women with use of CBT in the first 12 weeks of life. We found 14 RCTs with 1298 women. Nine of the 14 studies compared CBT to no CBT, and five of them, with CBT and MIB, versus CBT alone. We did not find any trials that assessed CBT or MIB in other types of treatment. For the most part, it was not clear if CBT was done in a way that made it easy for us to assess the quality of the trials. We assessed risk of bias in the trials in the following ways: we could not always be sure that CBT studies were well designed and executed, and we did not often find them to be well-conducted. For most of the outcomes, we judged the evidence to be of low quality. For example, we were not able to determine whether CBT reduced the risk of preterm birth rates, or improved the health of the mother or her baby. For other outcomes, such as adverse effects on the mother and her baby, we found that we were unable to draw any conclusions due to the lack of good-quality, large-scale, well-designed, randomised trials.
We identified 31 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 27,071 patients. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for most of the domains. The majority of the patients included in the trials were male, and the mean age of the participants ranged from 55 to 71 years. Most of them were followed up for less than 30 days. We found that the use of the transradial method reduced short-term adverse events (NACE) (i.e. NACE) in the first three to five days of life, as well as the risk of death due to heart disease (myocardial infarction), heart failure (haemorrhage), and death from any cause (all-cause death). We found no evidence for the long-term effects of this method. The quality of the evidence was high for most outcomes.
We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of palliative care for adults (over 65 years of age) with Alzheimer's disease. We found two RCTs for this review. One RCT (99 participants) looked at different types of patalative care. The other trial (256 participants) investigated the effect of a decision aid on end-of-life (feeding) options for nursing home residents with advanced dementia. We reran the search in March 2015 and found six trials that we planned to include in the next version of this Cochrane review. We did not pool the data due to differences in the methods used in the trials. The trials did not use the same method for all of the outcomes, and so we were not able to pool the results. The studies did not have the same design, and we could not analyse them in a meta-analysis, which means that we do not know if the results are valid. The quality of the evidence was very low. Both of the trials were at high risk of bias, in part because it was not clear whether it was clear that participants knew which group they were in (i.e. the treatment group or the control group). This and small sample sizes meant that the quality of all the data was low. One of the studies (99 patients) compared a paliferative care team with a control group. In this study, the care team had more patients in the intervention group and were more likely than the group to discuss the care options with a clinician. In the other study (256 patients) the care group had more participants in each group and they were more than twice as likely to discuss options with the clinician (clinician). We found no difference in the death rate in hospital, the number of patients who had to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care that they received. For the latter, the rate of event rates were low and the results were uncertain. We conclude that there is too little high quality research in this area. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review, which is welcome and needed.
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials (1166 women) found that there is not enough high-risk and low-risk women with breast cancer to be able to choose which method of treatment to use. If the cancer recurred in the first six to 12 months after surgery, there is a chance that the woman with the cancer will be alive in the third or fourth trimester, when compared to the women with the first trimester. If local recurrence is not recurrences of the cancer, the second trimester will be more likely to be alive. There was not enough data to be sure that one method is better or worse than the other. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found nine randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 622 overweight or obese adults. The RCTs were carried out in a wide range of countries and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a control group (placebo), and the other three trials (involving 392 participants) looked at CrP alone versus placebo. We found no firm conclusion about the effect of CrP on death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or cost of life. There were some dropouts due to side-effects in some participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious side-effect in an individual taking 400 microgram per day. No firm conclusion can be drawn from this review as to whether CrP works in general. We did not find any firm conclusions as to which dose of cronidine would prove most effective.
Eleven randomised trials with a total of 886886 patients were found that compared any antiseptic/antibiotics/anti-biotics with no antiseptics (i.e. a cream or gel) or with a plain mesh dress. There were a number of issues with the methods used in some of the trials, such as whether wounds were kept in place (e.g. with tape) or whether wounds had to be re-cleared with a needle and/or syringe. In some trials, wounds that had been surgically cut to the skin appeared to heal more quickly than wounds that were not cut. There was some evidence that a cream made from sucralfate (a drug used to treat blood clots) was more likely to heal wounds after haemorrhoidectomy than a skin cream (involving 40 participants) and more wound wounds in the honey group healed than those in the EUSOL-soaked gauze group. The quality of the evidence was classed as low for most of the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. Three of the trials (three trials) looked at the use of progesterone, terbutaline tocolysis and use of the high or low puncture method during CVS. The other three trials (two trials) compared the same three techniques for amniocentence (three studies) or CVS (two studies) and found no evidence of benefit for any of them. The same is true for the other two trials (cerebral resection) that looked at use of high- or low-pencerectomy in the amniocervical resection method. We did not find any trials of other techniques used to make changes to the caesarean section or to the way in which the surgery was done. Overall, the quality of the evidence was not high and any change in practice should not lead to a change in clinical practice.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-RCTs that looked at the use of wheat flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients in healthy adults or babies. We found 10 randomised and non-randomised trials (involving 1182 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. One non-rCT was a high-income country (Bangladesh), and three were from a lower-middle country (South Africa). One study was from the USA, and two were from South Africa. One of the studies was from Bangladesh, and the other three studies were from Canada. We did not find any RCTs from Asia. One RCT was from Pakistan, and one was from India. The rest of the trials were from China, Mexico, South Africa, and Bangladesh. In one RCT, wheat flour was used to make maize flour for maize porridge. In the maize flour group, maize flour was compared to maize flour that was not used for maize flour. The maize flour used in the maize porripe group was used in one study, and in one other. In two of the other two non-studies, the wheat flour group received maize flour fortified with folate. We are uncertain as to whether or not the increased use of maize flour in this group led to any benefit or harm due to the low levels of erythrocyte folate in the blood of the participants. In this group, the level of folate used was higher than in the control group, but not in the group that did not eat the flour. In conclusion, we are uncertain about the effects of fortified wheat flour on the amount of red blood cells, haemoglobin, and anaemia in the cerebrospinal vein, or both. We were not able to pool data due to differences in the number of trials that we found. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015.
We found two randomised controlled trials (involving 210 infants with cystic fibrosis) that looked at the effects of screening in preterm neonates (210 with CF) up to 17 years of age. We were not able to pool the data from both of these trials due to variation in the design and reporting of the trials. In one of the studies, the health of the neonate was assessed in the first week of life. In the other trial, both the health and weight of the infant were assessed at the first visit to the doctor. We found that at age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of the control group had at least 89% of people with CF who were screened. Screening reduced the cost of screening by about US$1.6 with a follow-up of 17 years. Adverse events occurred less often in the screened group. In screened participants colonised with Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a type of lung cancer), the cancer recurred earlier than in those screened.
We found five randomised trials, with a total of 7314 participants and a mean follow-up of 4.5 years, that compared 'lower' systolic blood pressure (DBP) versus'standard' blood pressure targets for diastolic blood pressures in people with diabetes. We did not find any trials that looked at the number of deaths, heart attack or stroke, but we did find a trend to lower the risk of death in the DBP group. There was a trend for fewer heart attack and stroke in the group of people with lower BP, but this was not evident in the other two groups of trials. This was not seen in the people with higher BP, who had a lower BP. People with diabetes who had higher BP achieved a blood pressure target of 120 mmHg less often than those with a normal BP (as suggested in guidelines). We found that the BP of those who had lower BP was not lower than that of those with normal BP, and that they had more adverse events (such as heart attacks and stroke). There were no trials that compared the blood pressure of those people with raised blood pressure with those with low blood pressure. Overall, we did not have enough data to be sure that the lower BP target was the same as the higher BP target, and we were not able to reach a conclusion about the effect on death, heart attacks or stroke. There was a high risk of bias for most of the outcomes we looked at in this meta-analysis. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that non-removable casts heal foot ulcers more quickly and they are more likely to heal them more quickly than the use of a traditional cast. The review also found that when an Achilles tendon lengthening method was used the ulcers healed more often than those that were used on their own. Other methods used to treat heel ulcers have not been shown to work.
We found five RCTs (involving a total of 235 women with breast cancer) that looked at the effects of a wide range of non-drug (e.g. self-help leaflets, counselling, cognitive training) or both. Each of the studies focused on breast cancer survivors. All five had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). We were able to pool the data from two of the trials (n = 100) and found that the training of people with cancer to improve their mental well-being immediately after treatment (up to two months after treatment) did not seem to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, the impairment of, the ability to do everyday tasks. We were not able to combine the results of the other trials as they were too different from each other in terms of design and how they were run. However, the meta-analyses of two trials (95 participants) showed that participants who had received the training had not been able to perform everyday tasks as well as those who had not. Evidence for the effect of the control group on their daily life was not available. We assessed the data for both physical and mental health outcomes and we assessed them as low- or very low-quality. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not the results from this review are valid. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date to June 2015.
We found five randomised trials, all from the 1970s, with a total of 343 participants. The results of this review show that chlorpromazine and piperacetazine appear to be no worse or better than each other in terms of improving the mental state of people with schizophrenia. Chlorpromazine was found to be as safe as pipotiazine, but caused more side-effects. We were not able to make any conclusions based on the results of the review due to poor reporting of data from the included trials. We recommend that clinicians and patients with schizophrenia should be aware that there is no good evidence to guide them in the choice of which drug to use. There is a need for more research in this area.
The use of colonic stent in malignant colorectal blockage is safe and seems to be as safe as the emergency surgery. The use of a stent does not increase the risk of death or the need for emergency surgery, however, the length of time that the stent is used is shorter and there is less blood loss.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) that looked at the use of human albumin, HES or mannitol in the prevention of OHSS. We did not find any RCTs on live birth rates, but we did find one RCT on pregnancy rates. The evidence was of very low to very low quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of the methods used in the trials, and failure to blind participants and those who assessed the results to the intervention group. We found that the plasma expanders reduced rates of moderate and severe OHSS in high risk women at high risk. There was evidence that if the rate of moderate or serious OHSS with no treatment was 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the useof the drug. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on the pregnancy rate (42% in the HES group and 27% (27% to 38%) in the albumin group). If the chance of pregnancy is 40% with no therapy (41% with the drug), it will reduce to 32% (38% without the drug). There was no evidence that HES, or the other two treatments (mannitol (19% to 41%) had any influence on the number of babies born to mothers who were pregnant. There were no adverse events in any of the trials. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the comparisons.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 10 randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with a total of 484 patients. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The RCTs compared sclerotherapy to placebo for treating telangiectasias of the lower limbs. There was no evidence suggesting that any one sclerosant was better than any other, but there was some evidence that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a dose of 1% (1% versus 0.5%). There was some data from one of the trials (n = 1) that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was significantly more painful than normal saline, but we were not able to pool the data as the data were not suitable for pooling (meta-analysis). There was also some evidence from one trial (n=1) that hypertonic saline (HS) was worse than POL, but again we were unable to combine the data due to the poor quality of the data. There were no trials that looked at the use of other sclerotics (heparin, heparin methionine, epinephrine, etoposide, and others). More research is needed to find out which is the best agent(s) and the best dose (s) to use.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) published up to July 2015 and found seven RCTs (involving 241 participants) that looked at the use of medicines to treat high blood potassium levels in adults. We were not able to pool the results of these trials due to differences in the design and reporting of the trials. No trial showed a beneficial effect of medicines on death or cardiac arrhythmias. Salbutamol, a drug commonly used in the treatment of hypertension, was shown to be most effective at reducing blood potassium. It was compared with a placebo (sugar pill) and with bicarbonate and aminophylline, which are drugs that change blood oxygen levels. There were no trials of other drugs that are used to control high blood pressure, such as calcium or potassium binding resins. Insulin-dextrose, bicoralate and antidiarrhoeal thromboembolism were not found to be more effective than placebo. There is not enough evidence to recommend any medicines for the control of hyperkalaemia.
We searched for all randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that looked at the use of different types of antimicrobial solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) of the CVC for HD. We found 39 RCTs that enrolled 4216 patients. Antibiotics include antibiotics such as heparin, proton pump inhibitor, or antifungal. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 June 2015. Antistibiotics when used for tunnelled CVC reduce the need for catheters to be re-cleared every 1000 catheter-days compared to those that are used when they are not used. The risk of thrombosis (blood clots in the catheter) is similar for both types of solution. However, we are uncertain about the effect on the incidence of clotting (thrombotic) due to the small amount of data available. We are not able to make conclusions about the safety of any of these solutions due to limited data. We need more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 15 randomised controlled trial (RCTs) with 1098 patients. Six of the 15 RCTs looked at pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when CMV occurred (standard care), eight looked at the use of preventive therapy (antiviral prophylaxis) versus antiviral preventive treatment (antibiotics before the time of transplantation), and one reported on oral versus intravenous preemptive therapy. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. Pre-emptives treatment compared with placebo or standard care may prevent CMV disease in patients who have received solid organ transplants. The risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV are not different. The risk of acute rejection or graft loss was similar in both groups. Leucopenia (low white blood cell count) was significantly less common with pre-epitopoietic therapy compared with antibiotics. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. Most of the studies were at low risk of bias, which means that their results are likely to be close to the truth. However, in some cases, the authors of the study may have been aware of which group the patient was in, and this could have led to bias. In some of the trials, participants knew which group they were in, which could have affected the results.
We found three RCTs with a total of 140 people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and executed) and the fact that all three of them were performed by the same trialist (David and Janey Antoniou of Rethink Diabetes). Overall, the quality of the trials was unclear or high. The results of two of the studies (122 participants) showed that the use of a 4 g/day sweet platelet preparation for the first three to five days of treatment with HbA1c improved blood sugar control (glycosylated haemoglobin A1c) in type 2 diabetic mellitus by 0.3% at 3 to 5 months compared to a placebo tablet. However, the results of the other two trials (122 patients) showed a significantly greater benefit of the sweet spoon (4 g per day) than the placebo tablet (0.3%). No serious side effects were reported. We were not able to find out if there were any serious side-effects. There were no deaths from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not assessed. Overall, there is not enough evidence to decide whether or not to use sweet spoon is useful for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). Most of the studies were of cross-over design (i.e. they enrolled both children and adults) with follow up of one to three years. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. We did not find any RCTs that investigated the use of the active cycle of breathing techniques in adults. Most studies followed up participants for at least one year. Due to the design of the study, it is not clear if the participants knew which type of treatment they were in. However, most of the trials reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an analysis to assess the effect of the treatment on the outcomes. We were not able to combine data from all of the included trials due to the small number of participants and issues with the way they were conducted. We are unable to make any conclusions at this time, as we did not have enough data to reach a conclusion. We recommend that more research be done to find out the best way to keep patients and their physiotherapists informed about the benefits and harms of the therapy.
This review of randomised trials found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes for infertile women undergoing IVF may lead to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. The low quality of the evidence showed that the chance of live birth was similar to that of the insemination protocol. For the miscarriage rate, there were six miscarriages in one trial with 167 women. More randomised controlled trials are required to assess if short co-co-injections of oocytes before IVF would contribute to a greater live birth rates and a greater miscarriage rate.
The review of trials found that a short (less than 30 cmHg) tracheal tube (the 'long IT) can lead to an increased risk of an air leak in the baby's lungs. This was the case in five randomised controlled trial (involving a total of 694 babies) that compared a short IT with a long IT. There was no significant reduction in the rate of bronchiolitis bromide. Longer ITs are not recommended for newborns ventilated for other reasons, such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance).
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of TFU in the management of oesophageal cancer. We found 33 RCTs with 5110 patients. There is a large variation in the way the TFU is performed (e.g. the number of visits per week, the frequency of the treatment per week), the health professionals who carry out the treatment, or the length of the study (i.e. per week versus per month). There were a number of issues with the methods used in each of the 33 studies. Most of the studies were small and of low quality. We were not able to pool the results of many of the outcomes due to differences in the design and the way they were reported. No adverse effects were found in any of the trials. In summary, we were unable to determine whether TFU has an effect.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that looked at ways to increase the rate of return of questionnaires to patients with cancer. We found 38 trials that met the inclusion criteria. There were 34 of these trials, for which 34 trials were included, and for four of them, the number of people remaining in the trial was the rate at the end of follow-up. The trials were conducted across a range of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. Most of the trials were of low or very low risk of bias, but the methods used to reduce bias did not appear to be the same as they should have been. The results of the majority of trials were based on the results of a single trial. There are a number of ways to help people with cancer stay in treatment groups. One way to help patients stay in the treatment groups is to give them a'money' (e.g. money) incentive, a non-monetary incentive, or a 'package' of reminders to the trial sites. A second way to keep patients in the control group is to keep them in the intervention group. The third method is to try to keep people in the group that gets the treatment. The fourth strategy is to make sure that the correct treatment is given to the wrong treatment group. There is a wide range of other ways to keep the right type of cancer and the right treatment for the wrong reasons. The review found that there are many ways to improve patients' return of their questionnaires. These are: (1) incentives, (2) changes to the way in which questionnaires are sent to patients; (3) the use of a questionnaire; and (4) the addition of money to encourage patients to return to the study site. We did not find any good evidence to show which is the best way to get the wrong treatments.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 829 adults (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and 413 in the cLMA group, respectively). Six of the eight RCTs are completed but have not yet been published. We identified six cross-over (cross-over) trials; one is completed but has not been published, and the rest of the other five studies were not yet available. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or oxygenation because there were very few events. Evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019. No trials were large, and most of them were of poor or very low quality. We were not able to pool the data due to a lack of data. No trial was large enough to show that one of the devices was better than the other. The oropharyngeal mask airway (pLMA) was more convenient to use, but we were not confident that it was as good as the larynx mask (clarified). We are not sure if the newer airway is safer to use. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score, as low. This was due to issues in the design of the trials.
We found 19 RCTs with a total of 1453 participants. The average age of the participants ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years, and most of them were aged four to 18 years. Fourteen of the 19 trials recruited children with a diagnosis of RAP or functional gastric pain, and five of the included children with diarrhoea. The evidence is up-to-date as of 1 April 2019. The studies were conducted in a range of eight countries. Most of the children were aged between four and 18 years from a wide range of paediatric gynaecology (Gynaecopaedic) clinics. Most studies included both girls and boys. All of the studies followed the children for one to five months after the end of the study. We found that children who received probiotics had less pain at zero to three months than those who received placebo. There was no reduction in pain in children who were treated with probiotics compared to those who were given placebo. We judged the evidence for this result to be of low quality due to inconsistency and imprecision in the results. We also found that there was no effect of probiotics on pain at three to six months, although there was an increase in pain intensity in the probiotics group. However, we judged the quality of the results for these results to be low due to variation in the methods used in the trials. We were not able to pool the results of the trials as we did not have enough data. There is a need for more studies in the area, and we plan to look at them in a new review in the next version of this review.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found 22 RCTs with a total of 4490 participants. Nineteen of the 22 trials (n = 2334) had data that could be analysed, and we were able to analyse them in a meta-analysis. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and executed) and none were at low risk of systematic bias. The findings from the five trials (1196 participants) showed that mass media interventions may lead to a reduction in the level of bias, from that associated with schizophrenia, up to that linked to major depression. The 19 trials with 3176 participants showed a decrease in bias (from 1 week to 2 months) up to 6 to 9 months after the intervention was made. We were unable to analyse the results from the other two trials ( 802 participants) as they were too heterogeneous for us to be able to pool them. We are not able to make any conclusions about the effects of mass media programmes on bias, as we did not find any trials that compared them to each other or to other mass media programs. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low for the main outcomes of bias and bias, low for side effects and very low for costs.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of an antenatal care for healthy pregnant or postnatal women, or both, in the first 10 years of life. We found 41 RCTs, which took place in 41 countries, eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-risk countries, in a range of settings, in both the UK and the USA. Forty-six of the studies explored the views of healthy women or their healthcare providers, and 22 of them explored the opinions of both women and the healthcare providers. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 June 2015. We grouped the studies by the three thematics that we looked at: (1) women’s perceptions of the value of ANC; (2) healthcare providers’ opinions of ANC, and (3) the impact on the health of the mother and her baby. We divided the results of these into three thematic domains: (11 findings, five moderate- or high-certainty); (17 findings, 15 high- or moderate-quality) women and staff; and (17) what happens to the women and their health care providers; (4) how much the health providers charge for the services; (5) the safety of the healthcare provider; (6) the cost of care for the mother; (7) and (8) the benefits and harms of the health service itself. For women, the quality of the care they received (or not) was good enough to make them feel empowered to use it. Whether they used it or not was based on their belief that using it would be a good experience. For staff providing the health care, staff were trained to do their job well, and they had the skills to do the job well. They did not need to be told to ask for more money, or charge for more or less, as they did not have the resources or the time to do so. Whether staff in the health services group were asked to do this job, they were not expected to do it, and so did not get the money they were given. This means that healthcare providers are good at delivering good-quality health care for pregnant and postnatal women, but not for healthy women. They are trained in a wide range of health care systems and in a broad range of healthcare settings. They also have the training and the skills they need to carry out the service. We are not sure if they would have done the same job if they had not been trained. We also have not been able to find out if staff who were trained in this area would have known which group they were in.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of these drugs in patients with SAH. Sixteen trials, with 3361 patients, were included in the review. The risk of 'poor outcome' was 0.81 (95% CI 0.72 to 0.92) for oral nimodipine and 0.66 ( 95%CI 0.55 to 081) for intravenous nitric oxide. Calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after SAH by 49% and reduced the number of patients needed to treat by 59% in order to prevent one more ischaemic event in one case of SAH was 19. For other drugs used in aneurysmal SAH, the results for 'poor outcomes' and 'disease recurrence' were based on only one large, high-certainty trial of nimmodipine; the evidence for other drugs in SAH is not clear.
We found three RCTs (involving 739 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies compared myeloablative therapy to a control group that received chemotherapy or no treatment or both. The age range of the patients in one of the studies was 12 to 15 years old, and in the other study they were aged 12 to 21 years. One of the three studies was performed in the USA, and the other two were conducted in the UK, both of which we found in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in March 2013. The first of the trials was published in 1998 and the second was carried out in 2002. The trials all used the age of one year as the cut-off for the treatment group for the primary risk of the disease (i.e. the median age of patients with the highest risk of this type of cancer) and in one study in the high risk group the age range was changed from one year to 18 months. It is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk cancer have been included in the trials, and that the results of the high-risk group may be over-estimate due to the use of the age cut-offs used in the majority of the included trials. This means that the true effect of myeloablation may be different from the one in the low-risk groups. No conclusions can be made regarding side-effects and quality of life, although higher levels of side effects should be kept in mind. No conclusion could be made about side-effect rates due to different risk groups. The results of our review should be viewed with caution as all three trials had some limitations in their methods.
We found eight randomised trials (involving 632 people with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma) that compared TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The average age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The follow-up time in the trials ranged from 2 months to 38 months. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that TACE plus 3- DCRT may lead to fewer deaths and tumours that are free of cancer, as well as more tumour response. However, we are very uncertain about the effects of TACE on adverse events, as none of the trials reported any serious adverse events. We are also very uncertain in the results of the reported non-serious adverse events due to the low-to-very low quality of the evidence. The rate of participants with a high serum bilirubin (a marker of liver cancer) was higher in the TACE group than in the control group, although this may have been due to an increased rise of the drug in the blood of those who received TACE. The number of patients with a normal tumour at the end of the trial was similar in both groups. We rated the quality of evidence for the main outcome (all-cause death) as low.
No randomised trials were found that looked at this topic, as no randomised trial was found that assessed the effect on the body or the growth of preterm neonates. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth in the first three months of life, up to the time of the neonate's first year of life. However, this was not confirmed in the other two trials that were included in the meta-analyses. One of the studies showed that the babies in the control group had a longer time to grow up to three years of age. The other trial showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-planned feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema and the diuretic requirements. No randomised studies were found on this topic.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 2341 patients. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains (arterial puncture, haematoma and femoral vein) and heterogeneity in the methods used in the trials was significant. The quality of the evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low for most of the outcomes, with the exception of the risk of death for each outcome (femoral vein). For the subclavial vein (n = 21), we found that when the needle was placed in the vein on its own, the needle missed the artery and caused a blood clot to break free of blood (unfects in the blood stream). We found that if the vein was placed with the needle in the wrong way, it was more likely to be missed and cause a bleed. For the leg (n= 311), we did not have enough data to be sure that it was done right. No data on death or the number of deaths were reported. No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complication rates. We conclude that when ultrasound is used for the first time, the success rate for the initial use of the catheters is slightly greater than when the first attempt is made with the wrong method. However, success on the first trial is more likely with the correct method. We did not find any trials on the use of Doppler ultrasound, which are the gold standard in the field.
The purpose of this review was to assess the evidence for the use of this drug in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. We found 15 randomised or quasi-randomized randomised controlled trials of physiostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of this disease. Four of the trials, 29 people, used intravenous (injected in the blood) infusion; seven, 131 participants, used a placebo form; four, 1456 patients, used controlled-release oral form; and one, 181 patients, use a verum skin patch. We did not find any trials of the intravenous infusion form. The results from two of the four studies of the control-release form of the drug, which was used in all trials, only apply to a group of patients who were selected for the therapy (i.e. those who responded to a course of antiepileptic drugs) prior to the start of the trial. The best dose of the treatment with hydrocortisone (33 mg/day) was found to be better than placebo at 6, 12 weeks, but this result is based on only a small number of trials. There were a high rate of withdrawals from the treatment group due to adverse events (13/83 vs 5/93) and a number of patients from the hydrocision group (234/358 vs 31/117) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, dyspepsia, tiredness, dyspnoea, tingling sensation, dry mouth or rash compared with the control group at 12 weeks later. There was a similar rate of adverse events in both fixed dose (33/358) and higher dose (up to 5/7) of hydrocencephalogmine compared with placebo at 24 weeks. The number of people who dropped out of the study due to side-effects (14/358/117 vs 10/117/12) and the rate of side-effect events (23/109/10/127) was higher in the botox group than in the sham treatment group (17/83/93). There was no difference in the rates of side effects in the control treatment group. The quality of evidence for each of the outcomes was low. The evidence for all of the results of the review is very limited. Even in a controlled release form that was used to overcome the short half-life of patients with Alzheimer's diseases, there were too few trials to be sure that the effect of this treatment was real. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2002. We found 13 randomised controlled trials (involving 16,112 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Eleven of the 13 trials recruited the fibrate group; two of the other three trials recruited participants with a history of stroke; and one of the included trials recruited a mix of people with CVD. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2015. The fibrates class can prevent the combined outcome of non-fatal stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), and death from heart disease or stroke. There was no increased risk of adverse events when compared to control. The use of clofibrate is a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to safety concerns. The remaining class of fibracy drugs were no longer effective in preventing the main outcome of this review (MI). The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. The main limitation of the review was that the overall risk of bias was low.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding) that looked at the use of transurethral haematopoietic stem cell transfusions following elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women) in healthy women. All of the women were monitored (called follow-up) in the first six to 12 weeks of postpartum, and the last six weeks after birth. We found that the number of blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL and more than 1000 mL was less in the group of women who had undergone CS (four trials, 1534 women), but not in those who had had a caesarean birth (two trials, 559 women). This was the case in five trials, 1186 women, and this was the same in six trials, 1398 women, both of which were of high-risk women. The blood loss of 1000 mL or greater than 500 mL was significantly less in women who received TA compared to those who received placebo or no intervention (four studies, 2093 women). However, the blood loss was much greater in the women who were having a cephalic birth (four randomised trials, 1034 women). The effect of TA was greater in women having a vaginal birth than in those having a CS. There were no differences in the numbers of deaths of the mother or her baby, or in the rates of severe adverse events such as death from thromboembolic events (i.e. heart attack or stroke). There were more side-effects in the TA group than in the no-treatments group. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dizziness were more common in the control group. There was not enough data to be sure about the effects of TA on the rate of death of the woman or her child, or on the rates or rates of thrombolic events.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that met the inclusion criteria. The amantadine group received either placebo (placebo or paracetamol) or zanamivir (an antifungal drug) to treat influenza A. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of amantADine in the treatment of influenza A in the elderly. We are not aware of any RCTs that looked at the effects of aminadine in children. We were not able to combine the results of the studies due to differences in the design and reporting of the trials. We do not currently have enough data to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of the drug. This is an updated version of the Cochrane Review, which first published in 2014.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2015. We found nine RCTs, with a total of 1512 women. Most of these trials (eight) were of women undergoing IUI and in one (two) they were of menopause. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low. The evidence is up to date at the time of the search. The majority of studies were at high risk of bias as most of them were small in size and had small sample sizes. When we combined the results of the trials we were not able to show an effect of endometrial injury on live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates (i.e. rates at conclusion of a course of IVF or IUI). When we only looked at the studies that were at low risk of systematic bias the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. We are uncertain whether endometric injury in the cycle prior to IUI reduces the risk of having a live birth or pregnancy. It is not clear if it reduces the chance of miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy (pregnant with the wrong sperm) or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported on the number of women who had bleeding secondary to the procedure. When endometral injury was performed in the period before IUI compared to the same cycle as the IUI, there was no evidence of a difference in the pregnancy rate or live birth rate. When hysteroscopy was performed with or without endometriatal injury, there were no differences in the rate of pregnancy or clinical pregnancy rate. However, when we compared the rates of miscarriage or ectopic pregnancies, the rates were very low and we did not have enough data to be certain about these rates. The studies did not report on pain during the surgery itself. The included in this review were of low quality due to a lack of precision in their findings. We need more well-conducted trials that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias in order to be sure that our conclusions are valid.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of oral care in nursing homes for pneumonia. We found four RCTs with 3905 participants. All of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were run and reported). The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 January 2019. We did not pool the results from one trial (834 participants), which was stopped when it was not clear whether professional oral care was better or worse than usual care due to lack of a clear difference. We were not able to determine whether the number of first episodes of pneumonia that an adult in a nursing home received the care or usual care was lower over an 18-month follow-up period. There was low- or very low-certainty evidence from one of the studies (8504 participants) that the risk of death due to pneumonia was reduced by 24% over a 24-month course of care. However, we were unable to be sure that this was the case when we looked at all-cause deaths. There were no deaths in the study. We only found one study (8644 patients) that measured adverse events, and found no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity problems (not defined) and dental staining. None of the other studies that compared oral care with no oral care were found to be of high quality. We are uncertain as to whether or not oral care by a nurse or doctor is best for the reduction of the first episode of pneumonia due to nursing homes. The quality of the evidence was low due to problems with the way the studies were conducted and reported.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found 5 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 149 patients. Four RCTs (149 patients) were included in the meta-analyses. One RCT (Bismuth subsalicylate) was judged to be at low risk of bias due to a very small sample size and the use of a placebo control group. The other three trials (Beclometasone dipropionate, budesonide and mesalazine) were at low to unclear risk of systematic error due to lack of blinding (i.e. the patients and the clinicians did not know which drug was in the treatment group). Bismuth is a drug used to treat patients with active lymphocytic colitis and is most commonly used for six to eight weeks. We reran the search in February 2015 and found one new trial of the same topic. We will deal with this when we next search for the new trial. We did not find any new studies. The review of the five RCTS found that bismuth (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This is based on two small, short-term randomised trials (57 patients) that used a placebo (pretend drug) for 8 weeks. There was no difference in clinical response rates in either the treatment or control groups. There were no differences in clinical or histology rate at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment in the other two trials (41 and 86 patients, both of which used placebo). Adverse events in the buduside trials were nausea, vomiting, headache, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side-effects in the mesalaz study. Side-effects of the beclometasisone diproionate trials were reported in the cholestyramine trials. Adverse effects in the risalazine trials included nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. No side-effect results in the rituximab (2.4 g/day) and cholestramine studies were reported. No adverse events were observed with the risnizid (2 g) studies. We judged the quality of the studies as low due to the small number of patients enrolled and the small size of the trials.
We found 12 trials with a total of 3259 people with type 2 diabetes who were followed up to 12 months. Nine of the 12 trials compared SMBG with usual care, one of them was SMUG with SMUG, one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care and the other one was a control group. The control group in the control group was a group that did not use insulin. The self-monitoring programmes ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) up to 52 weeks (52 weeks) in duration. The average follow-up time of the self-control group was six months (31 weeks) and in the more intensive group (more intensive) it was 12 months (41 weeks). When compared to the usual care group, the SMBG group showed a lower HbA1c (0.4 to -0.1) at up to six months, but this was not significant. This was the same as in the standard care group (11/2011). However, when we combined the results of all of the trials, we found that the overall effect of SMBG on glycaemic control in the first year of self-metering of blood glucose was small up to one year, with an average of 0.1% over the first six months. There were too few data to be sure that this was the case. None of the other outcomes that we looked at, such as the risk of death or the need for blood transfusions, were important for us to be certain about the effects of this therapy. The cost of self monitoring of blood blood glucose with the use of a reflectance meter was 12 times more than the cost of urine glucose monitoring. We are not sure if this is justified. The costs for self-removal of the blood glucose monitor were £89 (104 EURO [11/ 2011) for standard care (control group) and £181 (£181 EBN [212 EBN] for the less intensive self-management group, and £173 EBN for the more active self-implantation group. We were not able to find out if the costs were justified.
Eleven randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 471 adults with AsPD were included in this review. Most of the interventions examined were based on the 'Cochrane Schizophrenia Group' (CBT) approach (three trials) and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program' (one trial). The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. There is not enough evidence to support the use of any psychosocial treatment for adults who have been arrested for drug misuse as a means of reducing the amount of drug misuse associated with drug misuse. Only a few RCTs were found that looked at the topic, and most of them focused on the treatment of people who had recently been arrested. Only one RCT, which used the CBT approach, was found to be superior to the control group. The rest of the trials were of poor or very poor design or both, and none of them were large enough in terms of size or size to be sure that they were of good quality.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antibiotics for common cold in adults or in all ages. We found 11 RCTs, with up to 1047 participants. There were a number of issues with the methods in some of the trials, such as not all of the people in the trials had a common cold and not all participants had acute rhinitis in the first week of treatment. There was a high risk of bias in most of the studies, which means that it is not clear if the true effect of antibiotics was obtained for the treatment of common cold. There is evidence that when given for the common cold, both in adults and all ages, there is a greater risk of adverse effects when antibiotics are compared to a fake medicine (placebo). There is also an increased risk of side effects in children when they are used for the first time time for their first cold. We are not able to make any conclusions about the benefits or harms of antibiotic use in common cold based on the evidence in this review. Antibiotics should not be used for first time colds in children or adults.
We found five trials (162 randomised participants) that met our criteria for the review. All of the 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; two of them were younger than 15 years, and the other three were older than 10 years old. We did not pool the results of the trials due to diversity in the design and reporting of the studies. One study was funded by a drug manufacturer. None of the included trials assessed our primary outcome, time-to-relapse, or risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. One trial (43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week treatment). We are very uncertain about the evidence from this trial about the benefits and harms of azithromycin, rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) or placebo (14-day treatment duration; six weeks of treatment). No adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no difference in the percentage of participants with clear or almost clear skin between the two groups. One randomised trial (50) assessed long-lasting azidromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. Adverse events occurred in 10 out of 30 (10%) in the treatment group, but not in the vitamin C group. One participant in the tonsillectomy group had minor bleeding. At eight-week (short-term) treatment, none of the participants in the no treatment group achieved clear or very clear skin. At six weeks (for a short-term treatment duration) no side-effects were seen in the zidamethasone group. There was no significant difference between the other groups in the rate of clear skin (PASI 75) or PGA 1 to 2.0 (i.e. 0.6 MU) at the end of 48 weeks of therapy. We rated the quality of the results as very low due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high rates of reporting bias) and imprecision (a low rate of events). Hence, we are very unsure about the results presented. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 933 people with MS. Eleven of the 12 RCTs tested the effects of vitamin D₃, and one RCT with 79 people tested the effect of the drug itself. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2018. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the rate of recurrence of relapse (the rate at which the disease recurred in the first year after the first course of therapy) or on the level of disease symptoms (such as pain or tingling in the leg) compared with placebo. It appears to be safe, and at the doses and treatment durations used in the included trials, the dose and the length of treatment appear to be effective. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of trials and participants included in the review, and because most of them were of poor or very low quality. Therefore, the results should be viewed with caution.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all the published research on this topic in March 2015. We found 62 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4241 cancer patients. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for 11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Nineteen of the 62 RCTs compared Mm/r with MIR, which is the most commonly used opioid for cancer pain. Fifteen of the 21 RCTS that we found (involving 4241 patients) were of the same design as the first version of the Cochrane Cochrane Review in 2010, and we were able to include them in our review. The evidence is up to date as of November 2015. Most of the studies were old, often small, and were carried out for the first time, and so it is not clear if they were designed to show that one dose of morphine was better than the other. Most studies were of poor or very low quality, and most were not large enough to show if one morphine dose was any better than any other. Only a few studies showed that some patients had good pain relief, and over 90% had no worse than mild pain in the first few days after taking the medicine. About 6% of participants stopped treatment with morphine due to adverse events. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. The majority of trials were very old, and very poor in the way they were done, making it hard to be sure that their results were valid. We did not find any new trials for this update. We have not found any new studies for the last time we searched for them. The previous version of this review was published in 2012. We last searched for new trials in 2015.
We found 14 trials with a total of 1260 participants. The age of the participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and most of them were women (70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015. The main comparisons were open surgery versus steroid injections, and steroid injection versus open surgery. We found that open surgery was better than steroids in terms of reducing the risk of recurrence of symptoms (29% fewer in the open surgery group, compared with 3% more in the steroid injection group). At one week, 9/49 (184 per 1000) people had pain on the palm of the hand in the treatment group, which was about the same as in the control group (38/56 per 1000). At six up to 12 months, we are not sure whether open surgery is as good as steroids for reducing the recurrences of symptoms. We are also not sure if people had more pain when they had an open surgery, although 49% more had pain with open surgery (33% to 66% more). We are not certain whether they had more adverse events (18/140 (17/140) out of 140) in the group of open surgery compared with 17/130 (14/130) in steroid injections. Evidence was of low or very low quality due to study design flaws and imprecision (i.e. there were too few events).
Three RCTs, with 931 patients, were included in this review. All three RCTS compared RT alone versus RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy, or temozolomide (tricyclic) chemotherapy alone. One RCT, the EORTC study, which was the first to be published in 2008, found that RT plus PCV improved OS of patients with AO or AOA by an average of 3.5 years compared with RT alone. However, this result was not found in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, we found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of people with AOA or AO when used with RT. In one of the trials, the biomarkers rituximab and 19q with or with IDH-1 or -2 mutation were used to predict OS, and in one trial the biomarker tetracyclic was used to assess OS. We found that the tiotrope used in the first trial was superior to the second, but not in the latter, and that the latter trial was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities. Whether temozolicomide can be used to substitute for this in the treatment of AO and AOA is not clear.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids to a placebo (sugar pill) and compared montelukast to placebo. We did not include one trial from the meta-analysis because the patients were not randomised (i.e. the people taking part in the trial did not know which group the drug was in). We are uncertain about the benefit of the use of these drugs in OSA in healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children. In the short term, they may reduce the occurrence of apnoea (shortness of breath), hypopnoeas (bronchiolitis), and breathlessness (epidural) in the first half of the day). In the longer term, however, we are not sure if their use has an impact on the rate of death or the number of patients who avoid surgery for OSA. Although they may have a short-term benefit in terms of improvement in the level of anaesthetism in children with milder OSA, we were not able to determine if they have an effect on death rates or the rates of surgery. We are also not sure whether they have a long-term effect. We assessed the risk of adverse events (e.g. nosebleeds) in all trials and found that they were rare, of minor nature (such as nose bleeds). We judged the certainty of the evidence for the main outcome AHI, as well-defined, as low due to inconsistency and imprecision of the results. For the other outcomes, we judged the quality of the studies as high.
We found six randomised controlled trials and three CCTs (involving 1291 children) that looked at the effects of the use of treatment with antithrombin, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) to prevent blood clots in children with CVCs. All six RCTs and one CCT compared one treatment with one or more other treatments. We did not find any evidence that any of the treatments were better than no treatment in preventing bleeding episodes in the blood. We also found no evidence that the addition of LMWH to AT to the treatment of blood cancers reduced the risk of bleeding episodes. One CCT, in which one treatment was used with the other, found that the treatment with LMWH reduced the number of children who had a blood clot in their urine asymptomatic VTE compared with the control group. However, this could be a result of the low number of patients included in the trial. We found no information on other adverse events: None occurred in the studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low due to the small size of the studies and differences in the methods used in the trials.
This review of three trials with a total of 287 patients found that CSFD does not seem to prevent ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. In the first trial of 98 patients, there were some problems with the way the surgery was done (ie, there was a loss of blood flow to the leg). In the second trial of 33 patients, the surgeons used a combination of CSFD and an anticoagulant (pregnant) to reduce the risk of complications after surgery (i.e. paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 patients (12.2%) in the control group and 2 of 82 patients (2.7%) receiving CSFD. The third trial of 145 participants, the repair of aneurysm was done during the first part of surgery (the thoracoabdominal part of the brain) and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in the rate of postoperative problems caused by the surgery. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 people with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) of at least 75%, which are used to assess the effects of phototherapies for psoriasis. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. In one RCT of NB-UVB compared with oral PUVA in people with CPP, the difference in PASI 75 was not significant. In three other trials of CBP, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one trial, there was no difference in one of the groups, and in the other two, the clear rates were similar. One RCT in the CBP group, which was the first to include in this Cochrane review, found no clear difference in the clearance rate. In people with PPP, we found that in the first half of the second phase of the RCT, there were no clear differences in the clear-up rate for the NB- UVB group and the PUVA group. In the second part of the trial, the same conclusion was drawn, as we were able to combine the data from both groups. We were not able to pool the results of the first and the second RCT due to inconsistency in the results. We are unable to draw any conclusions about the use of NB UVB for the treatment of psorosis due to the lack of data. In practice, NB-VAB may be more convenient to use, as the need for a drug (e.g. ibuprofen) is not required before phototherapy. We rated the quality of the evidence for each outcome as low for most of the outcomes. This was due to inconsistencies in the findings of the studies, and imprecision in the estimates of effect.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found 21 randomised trials with a total of 1525 participants. Most of the trials had a low risk of bias in their design and were well-conducted in terms of how they were conducted. We did not find any new trials at the time of the last search in February 2015. We reran the search in March 2017 and found one new trial of which we will deal with when we next search the database. The review found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may improve the results of treatment for people with faecal incontinence. There was not enough data to be certain about whether there was a difference in the results for any of the other methods of treatment. There is a suggestion that some parts of biofeedfeedback therapy and sphincter exercises may have a therapeutic effect, but again we are not sure about this. The results of two trials showed that the number of people who failed to achieve full continence was lower when electrical stimulation was added to biofeedbreatback. There were not enough trials to be sure about whether any method of treatment was better than the other. The limited number of trials and the poor methods used in many of them did not allow us to draw conclusions about the use of these methods in people with incontinus.
This review looked at the use of urethral catheters in the prevention of (re)catheterisation after surgery. Thirty-nine randomised trials were included in the review. They were generally small and of poor or very low quality in terms of design and how they were reported. There were few results for most of the outcomes. The results from five of the trials showed that urethra catheter use after surgery was at a greater risk of re-infection than if the catheter was not used postoperatively. In six trials, a greater number of patients needed to be recatheterised if a catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery. In 11 trials, the length of time a catheter was used was shorter after surgery (from 1 to 3 days) with no difference in the rate of urinary tract infection. In the last, in one small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed an increased rate of urine infections and a delay in return to normal voiding.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's original Cochrane review published in 2010. Ten randomised controlled trials with 3340 people with mania were included in the review. Seven of the 10 trials (2239 people) compared aripiprazole to placebo (a fake drug) and the other two trials (754 people) were used as an adjunctive treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an add-on to the drug. One of the trials (485 people) used lithium, while the other trials (480 participants) used haloperidol (480 people). Evidence is up-to-date as of June 2014. The majority of people in the trials were male, and the mean age of participants ranged from 16 to 21 years old. Most of them had mild to moderate mania. A high dropout rate from most trials (more than 20%) and a high risk of bias (i.e. more than 20% for each treatment) in eight of the studies (eight trials) may have affected the results of the meta-analyses. Evidence shows that the effectiveness of rifamprazole for mania is similar to that of placebo and similar to other drug treatments (valproate, lithium, and haloprazole), although the effects at three weeks and 12 weeks were modest. Ariperazole was more effective than placebo and caused more side effects (nausea, constipation and akathisia (joint pain) in adults and children/adolescents. It caused more adverse effects than other drug treatment (lithium, nausea and constipation). The side-effect profile of aripezole is likely to be the same as that of other drugs used in the treatment of mania (clonidine, nifeprazole, ketoprofen, ketorolac, pethidine, epinephrine reuptake reductase inhibitor). However, at 12 weeks, it caused significantly more adverse events than the other drug therapy, such as rash and rash. It was not clear if rifuprazole is better or worse than other medicines used in mania treatment than these other drugs. There were too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of atypical mania to treat mania, so we do not know the precise place of ariptyline in treatment.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antibiotic or other lock treatments in children with cancer with cancer. We found no RCTs or CCTs that compared these treatments. We did find one RCT (56 patients) that compared urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) with systemic antibiotics alone, and we found one CCT (n=13 participants) that assessed the same results. We were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not there was a benefit in terms of the number of patients who were cured, the rate of recurrent CVCs or the length of time it took to cure them, or the amount of blood that the disease recurred. No adverse events occurred in the five studies that we looked at (one cohort was included in three out of five studies). We were unable to find any adverse events in the cohort studies due to the small numbers of participants and the short duration of follow-up. No conclusions could be drawn from the studies as they were too small or too short. More well-conducted trials are needed to find out if there is a role for antibiotics in the management of these infections.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that looked at ways to help adults with acute whiplash to see if they had good pain relief. We found three studies that met our criteria. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. This review has not shown that any method of pain relief is better than the one used in the control group. There is a need for more research in this area. A search for randomised trials was carried out in 2012 and three were found. These three studies were included in the review. One of the three studies was of high quality, while the other two were of low or very low quality. In one of the studies, the clinicians who taught the patients how to'read' their neck physiographs (i.e. the neck is in the front of the arm) had more pain relief than the patients who were not taught to use them.  In the other study, the physiographs were used to guide the neck physioids. Unfortunately, both the therapist and the patient were aware of which group the patient was in and this may have led to bias. Therefore, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low for most of the results. However, we were able to include some results from one study in the meta-analyses, which showed that the use of self-care strategies (e.g. asking patients to get out of bed) did not show that they were any more or less effective than the usual treatment.  Self-care was not shown to be any more effective than usual care for acute to chronic neck pain at short-term follow-up (up to 12 weeks). We are not able to make any conclusions about the best ways to reduce neck pain. Further research is needed to find out if there are ways to improve pain in adults.
This Cochrane review aimed to determine the best way to communicate with each other, or with other health care users, about topics that matter most to them. Unfortunately, no randomised or quasi-randomised trials were found that met the inclusion criteria for the review. The results of the thematic synthesis, which is the first in a wide search of the Cochrane database, show that there is not enough evidence to show which method of communication is the best to support each other. It shows, for example, that when health care providers and the public are aware that someone is at risk for a health care condition they should be told about the risk, to inform them about the need for the health care they need; and if there is a risk of bias, to support them; and when it is clear that the person at risk is not in need of the health service, to alert them to the need to receive the service; and to monitor them for at least three months to see if they need the service. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included one randomised trial with a high dropout rate (n = 304 randomised; 204 completed) that compared opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) with placebo. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The number of remers (i.e. those who dropped out of the trial) in the group of the drug drug compared with the control group was more than twice that in the dummy pill group. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, sleepiness, staying awake during the day, or naps in the day. There were more side effects in the opioid group. These were diarrhoea, tiredness, fatigue, and headache. However, more adverse events were reported in the treatment group. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low.
Fifteen randomised trials, involving 1022 adults with distal fractures of the distal range of the arm, were included in this Cochrane review. Most of the trials were of poor or unclear methodology, and in some they were not very clear in terms of design or how they reported their results. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced bone fractures in adults. Although there is not enough data to be sure that external fixation is a better way to treat these fractures, it does show that it can reduce the length of the bone that the bone has to rest in place (redisplacement) and prevent late collapse and malunion when placed in place. There was not enough evidence to be certain that it is a good way to keep the bone in place or to keep it in place as part of the body. There were a number of problems with the methods used in some of the studies, such as not all participants knew which group they were in (i.e. the pin was placed in the wrong place, or the wrong way), which could have led to bias.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1127 patients that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of stents. The risk of bias of the included studies was judged low or unclear. It is uncertain whether early stent removal verus late stent withdrawal improves the rate of MUC. The rate of UTI was 21% in the group of studies that used a stent early, while it is not clear if there is a greater risk of an MUC in the late removal group. This could be the result of a play of chance. However, if an externalised PU stent was used there was no difference in UTI incidence in the early and late group. We are uncertain as to whether early removing of the stents is the best way to avoid MUC, but early removal may be the best method to achieve this.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of crowns compared to fillens. Four of the five RCTs compared crowns with fillens, and two of them used crowns fitted with the usual tooth-filling method. In one of these studies, all teeth had undergone a pulpotomy (pulp-frosting) prior to the crown being placed. In the other studies, crowns were fitted with other crowns or with an alternative method of filling the tooth (non-restorative caries). One of the studies used a second method (filling the tooth) and in this one, all the teeth had had gingival bleeds (blood in the gums) before the crown was placed. All of the included studies were of low or very low quality and we were not able to pool their results. We were unable to pool any of the results as they were too few and short-term for us to be able to analyse them. We are therefore uncertain about the results. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns when compared to non-restative caries, and for the amount of pain caused by filling the teeth with crowns, is very low. It is uncertain whether there is a difference in the risk of bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either in the short term (less than 12 months) or in the long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs.
We found 28 randomised or cross-over studies (involving 788 children and adults) that looked at the use of PEP in adults with cystic fibrosis to see if it helped to clear the excess air from the lungs. Most of the trials compared PEP to other methods of airway clearance such as ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillation PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaPP and exercise. We did not find any studies that used PEP with a mouthpiece, so we do not know if this would have had an impact on the results. We found that when PEP was used with a mask (a mask) for at least one year, it did not seem to help to reduce the number of flare-ups (flare-ups) of the lung. We are not sure if it would have helped us to decide whether PEP should be used in the first six to 12 weeks of life or if it is safe to use. We also did not have enough data to be sure that it would help us decide whether to use it in children or adults. We only found one high-quality study that showed that when using a mask, PEP reduced the rate of a flare-up of the lungs compared to other treatments. We do not have any data for other outcomes that we were interested in (e.g. number of people who had a flare up of their lung). We do have some low- to very low-quality data for the other outcomes we were looking for (i.e. the amount of time it took for the lungs to clear, or the rate at which the lungs were cleared). We have not found any low- or very low quality data for these outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults over the age of 18 years of age with CD that investigated the use of CZP for the treatment of CD. We found four RCTs (involving 1485 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up-to-date as of 8 April 2015. The meta-analyses showed that CZZP is more effective than placebo (dummy pill) for achieving remission and improvement in disease symptoms in adults with CD. The risk of adverse events (such as rash, nausea, rash, and abdominal pain) was similar in both groups. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events is the same as the risk with placebo as the 95% CI (95% CI 1.11 to 1.66) is very low. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high. One of the studies was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of systematic error (low risk of play of chance).
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to June 2017. We found 108 RCTs with 23,762 adults with CKD. Twenty-one studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients were included in our meta-analyses. Follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and the average age of participants ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. Nineteen studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review. In most of them, the patients were adults with heart failure. The risk of bias in all of the 112 trials was high or unclear. We were not able to pool the results of all studies due to differences in the design and reporting of the trials. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptors, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisation for heart failure or kidney function were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. In the treatment of chronic heart disease, the effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) or ACEi-ARB) on death (any cause) or heart failure was not clear due to very few trials. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone inhibitors, or both ACEi andARB, on adverse events such as low blood pressure, low heart function, low blood cell counts, low white blood cell count, low platelet count, or poor blood counts, were unclear due to too few studies. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the risk of death. We are uncertain about the effects on the need for aortic ventilator in the first three months after heart failure as we did not have enough data to be sure of this. We also had too few trials to be certain about the benefits and harms of anti-arrhythmic drugs, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, angiolytic drugs, renin inhibitors, vasodilators, vasoxamine, and vasopressin inhibitor drugs. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as low due to the lack of data.
The review of three randomised controlled trials (involving a total of 1945 women) found that there were no deaths of the mother or her baby in the first five minutes of life (apgar score less than seven at five minutes; umbilical artery pH less than 7.15; and umbilial artery pH 7.16). The risk for the birth of the baby by caesarean or forceps was similar in both groups, as was the risk of the birth by forceps or ventouse for the mother. The risk of instrumental delivery (the use of a forceps with forceps) was not increased in the group of women who received the oxytocin compared to the control group. There was no evidence that one method of monitoring the mother’s labour was better than the other for any of the outcomes for the mothers or their babies. The overall risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or mother deaths occurred.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2017. We found two RCTs (involving 54 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. One of the trials (30 participants) reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, and the other (23 patients) reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, the change in ejection fraction (reduced by 4.88%) was seen in the control group, and in half venous refilling time (up by 9.40 seconds). In the other trial (23 participants) the changes in red blood cell counts (red blood cell count) were observed in the treatment group. One study (23 people) found no difference in quality of life between the two groups. Although muscle strength (measured by a range of 0 to 0.9 at fast speed) was lower in the non-exercising group than in the active group, this result is based on data obtained from only one of the included trials. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgery to treat symptoms of leg pain and the amount of exercise performed in the trial arm were not assessed or reported in either trial. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of exercise in people with leg pain. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small size of the studies and small sample size. Therefore, we judged the quality of evidence as very low.
This review found that hyaluronan/hylan is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with benefits for both pain and function. In terms of pain, it is as good as other types of drugs and has more long-term effects than some of the other drugs that have been used to treat knee OA. However, in other analyses, it has been shown to be more effective than some other drugs or even placebo, although again these results are based on only a few, small, short-term trials. There were too few trials to be sure about their safety and no major adverse events were found.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for all randomised trials that compared misoprostol with other drugs used to treat PPH. We found 10 trials with a total of 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) were included in the review. The trials were conducted in the USA, the UK and the Netherlands. We did not find any new trials for this update. We used the data from the four trials that were available to us. The review of these trials found that the use of women who had received oxytocin for the first time time as their first-line treatment for PPH did not lead to more deaths of the mother or the mother-child, or to more complications for the mother, or both. Women who had been previously treated with uterotonics (drugs that reduce blood loss) were more likely to have at least some blood loss of at least 1000 mL when compared to those who had previously been on uterotonic drugs. The use of other drugs, such as tranexamethasone (which is an anticoagulant), did not result in more blood loss. The quality of the trials was not high, and we do not know if they were large or not large enough to tell us whether they were of good quality. We do not have any information on the best way to treat women who fail to respond to uterotomy for their first time.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of cysteine-free PN in very low birth weight preterm infants. One large RCT (73 preterm babies) was included in the review. This RCT compared short-term N-acetylcysteine treatment with no treatment (up to 12 weeks). The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. The RCTs were of high risk of bias. We did not find that the risk of death, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia, intraventral hemorrhage (IVH), or severe IVH was reduced by the use of N- acetylcyteine supplementation. We are not able to make any conclusions about the risks of the effects of using these drugs in preterm neonates due to the lack of data.
We found 77 randomised trials (involving 6287 people with NAFLD) that looked at the use of medicines to treat NALD. Forty-one of the 77 trials (3829 people) gave us the information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five of the 27 trials (861 people) looked at people with non-alcohol-related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation), and 14 of them (1459 people) included those with NASH. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Twelve of the trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. We are very uncertain about the effects of medicines used for the control group due to the very low quality of the evidence. There were no deaths in either group at the end of the trial. None of the people who took part in the trial had serious adverse events. There was no difference in the number of people who had a serious adverse event in the second part of the study between the treatment group and the group that did not take the medicine. There did not seem to be a difference between the groups in terms of serious side effects. All of the studies were at high risk of bias (that is, bias due to play of chance). The quality of evidence was very low for most of the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of CSF testing of t-tau, p- tau or ABeta for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in adults. We found 15 RCTs with 1282 people with MCI at baseline. Of these, we were able to analyse the results from 1172 of them (1172 people) and analyse them in a meta-analysis. We did not pool the results of the studies as we were not able to pool them due to differences in the number of people included in each of the trials. Our findings are based on a total of 1282 participants. Of those, 430 of them were diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and 130 with other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some studies, although most of the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. We are not sure if the accuracy of the CSF test for detecting Alzheimer's dementia is as good as that of the other tests used in the control group (tuberulam/ABeta). However, we think that the fact that we did not have enough data to be sure about this, means that we still do not know if the correct test is better or worse than the wrong test. We have not yet identified any studies that have looked at other CSF tests that are currently in use in clinical practice. This means that until we identify these tests, we will not be able to use them in the same way as we would have liked.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 170 men. All the men were male and undergoing radical surgery for prostate cancer. The men were 50 to 75 years of age and had prostate cancer of the urethra. All three RCTs were conducted in the UK. We found one trial that is still in progress. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. We did not find any RCTS that looked at the effect of propofol on pain, adverse effects, death from any cause, bleeding in the brain, heart or lungs, or the amount of time patients spent in hospital. The quality of evidence was low to very low, as all three studies were small, single-centre randomised trials, and the way they were done was not described well enough. It is not clear if one anaesthetic technique is better than the other for transabdominal surgery for urolog, gynaecological (bowel) surgery, or gastric surgery (gastric or urethric) surgery. We need more research in this area.
This is an update of the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's original review published in 2013. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to April 2017. We found 14 RCTs with 1,601,515 women. Most of them were of low or very low quality. Most were of small size and had small sample sizes. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. Most studies did not show that women who received topical corticosteroids of any strength were more likely to have a low birth weight or have a premature birth or have an infant that was too preterm to be born premature. We did not find that when steroids were given to the mother before the birth of the baby, their use increased the risk of babies that were born preterm or preterm. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis suggested that the mother had a lower birth weight in her first trimesters than the mother who had a second tricyclic. However, we could not be sure that this was the case when the steroids were used during pregnancy. The use of the steroids did not appear to have an effect on the mother's weight or on her baby's growth, but we were not able to be sure if it increased or decreased her risk of preterm birth or on the death of her baby. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 611 (612 eyes) that met our criteria for this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, Nepal, and South Africa. One of the three smaller trials was a trial study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All four RCTs compared the use of topical corticosteroids with topical steroids alone. The total number of patients included in the trials ranged from 30 to 500 eyes per trial. The follow-up time in the studies ranged from two months to one year. None of the trials found any important difference between the corticostomy group and the control group in terms of improvement in visual acuity (i.e. absence of bleb in the vision of the eye) or incidence of adverse events. The largest trial, which was the first to be published in 2004, found that more patients in the group treated with the steroids, had an increase in eye pressure (IOP) in the first week of the trial. We did not find any studies that looked at the cost of the steroids. One trial found that there was no difference in the quality of life (QoL) of the participants in the steroid group. One study found that the QoL of the placebo group was the same as that of the steroid treatment group. We were not able to combine the data from the other three trials as they were too small and too short to show an effect. We found no evidence that topical steroids improved the size of the eyes. We do not know if they had an effect on any of the other outcomes that we were interested in. We are not confident that they would have had an impact on the results of this Cochrane review.
We found four trials with 450 people with ischaemic stroke. Three of the trials (443 people) were randomised to percutaneous (percutaneous) thrombolytic treatment and the other three trials (267 people) included participants in both groups. Percutaneous blood transfusions were used in one of the studies, and in the other two, the source of the funding was not clear. We found no difference in the number of participants who died in either group. There was no evidence to indicate which method of blood transfusion was the best. There were too few data available for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the safety and long-term effects of the percutaneously-treatments. The quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of people in the trials and the fact that it was not possible to blind the physician or participant to which group the participant was in.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of home-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. We found one RCT (involving 120 parents and 143 children) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the impact of day care on any of the outcomes for the children (such as the rate of high-school completion or the amount of money they had). The evidence was of very low or very low quality. This was due to risk of bias, as most of the control group (63%) were not part of the day care group, and in some cases, the care that were given to the carers of the child were not provided to the child. We were not able to pool the results of the trial as there were too few children in each group and the intervention was too short to reach a conclusion. We are unable to make any conclusions as to whether or not day care at home, rather than no care (care at home) is beneficial or not, for the development of children.
The objective of this review was to assess the quality of all of the studies that have been done to date to see if they are valid. Nineteen of the 30 studies have been performed in order to answer the question of whether they are accurate. Unfortunately, none of the trials have been conducted in a way that gives a true answer to the question. Therefore, no conclusions can be drawn from them. However, based on the information in this review, we were not able to determine the best study to use. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials of adults (aged 18 years or over) with distal tibial metaphyseal bone (tibia) that looked at the use of nailing or plating as the best surgery to treat the bone. We found three randomised studies (involving 213 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age of participants in each study ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance) with one of them also having a high drop-out rate. One of the trials also had a high number of participants who did not complete the study. The evidence is up to date as of June 2015. The review found that the need for reoperations (removal of the bone) was similar in both nailing and plating groups, although the results of individual trials (172 participants) were too imprecise for us to be very sure about this. However, we were able to pool the data from three of the three trials (173 participants) for the number of patients who had to have a reoperation for the first time (4/90 versus 10/83) and for adverse events (88/12 more) in 1000 adults. Based on an average risk of 100 re-operations per 1000, we would expect that in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) would have re-operation after nailing. This means that we are very uncertain about the effect of surgery. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes, which means we do not know if there is a difference in function or pain in either group. We were not able to combine the results from individual trials as they were all too different from each other in terms of design and how they were conducted. One trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain in the two groups. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to say which is the best way to treat these bone fractures. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. Eight of the RCTs compared BPLDs with placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three of them used a diuretic (3632 participants). The risk of bias in the trials was high. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 studies; 35,110 patients). We found that BPLD-lowering drugs appear to reduce the risk of recurrence of a recurrences of acute stroke. This was the case in the subgroup of people with recurrent stroke who used an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a thrombolytic (i.e. an ACE inhibitor or thrombophlebitis). The quality of the evidence was high for most of the outcomes (recurrence of stroke, major vascular event, and death).
This review found that men who took B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside showed some improvement in their urinary symptoms and urine flow, but their size did not seem to shrink the prostate compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men in the trials were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. Their long term effect, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol in adults with asthma. We found 26 RCTs (62,815 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2015. The review shows that the risk of death from any cause was higher with salmeteroll than with placebo, but the increase was not significant (Peto odds ratio (OR) 1.33 (95% CI 0.85 to 2.08). There was an increased risk of non-fatal serious adverse events with salmetol (OR 1.15 95% CI 1.02 to 1.29). This was the case in six trials (2,766 adults) but, in one of these, no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There is not enough data to be sure whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. There was no evidence that the use of an inhaled corticosteroid in patients not on inhaled steroids decreased the number of patients who died from asthma.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled preterm neonates (born preterm) with lung failure. One of the RCTs (Amato 1988) compared L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose at 1 and at 24 hours or no treatment. The other RCT (1989) assessed L-triiodothyronine 50 µg/day in the first week of postterm life, in a group of preterm infants. The second trial (1989), with 80 neonates, found no difference in the number of neonates who were alive at 28 days of age in one of the two groups of infants included in the meta-analyses. There is no evidence that use of thyroid hormones in preterm babies preterm reduces the severity of lung failure or their complications (i.e. death, air leak, bleeding from the brain or brain stem) or necrotising (disease of the pancreas) enterocolitis).
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants. All trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and executed) in the assessment of the outcomes. We found evidence that the use of non-absorbable disaccharides may help to prevent or treat hepatic encephalopathy. The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 February 2019. The analyses showed that the non-abdominal disacherides may reduce the risk of death when compared with placebo/no treatment or no intervention. The quality of the evidence for the main outcomes is very low due to methodological problems in the RCTS. Further research is needed to confirm the effect of the nonabsorbables on the prevention or treatment of hepatal encephalosis.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. Bisphosphonate is one of a class of drugs commonly used to treat patients who have had a kidney transplant and the aim of this review was to assess the effects of these drugs on bone function and function after kidney transplantation. We found 65 randomised controlled trials (involving 3598 patients) that met the inclusion criteria. BisPHosphonates, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin treatment were included in our meta-analyses. The evidence is up to date as of 26 March 2019. Bone treatment with bisphosphoneate may reduce the incidence of bone fractures and bone pain after kidney transplation. It is not clear whether other treatments such as other drugs such as corticosteroids or aorticosteroid, prevent other problems such as death, heart failure, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes due to the risk of bias in the majority of the trials.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 317 participants. One RCTs included in the review looked at the effect of parenteral magnesium (a type of antiepileptic drug) and the other three looked at oral magnesium (12.5/day to 20/day for 24 hours). Each of the trials had some problems in the way they were run and executed. Each had a high risk of bias in at least one area. We did not find any study that looked at all of the outcomes that we were interested in. One trial looked at handgrip strength (the strength of the muscles used to hold the drink in the mouth) and found that they were slightly stronger than the placebo group. The other three studies looked at adverse effects of the drugs. We do not know if any of the adverse events caused by the drugs are significant. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not there are any benefits or harms of the use of magnesium in the management of people with alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3057 people with acute rhinoinusitis. Ten of the 15 trials were new in this update of the review, and five of the five (631 people) were new. Overall, the risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: we are confident that 19 out of 100 (19%) of 100 people with rhinosinusitis will be completely cured after 1 week, and the rest (64%) after 14 days. However, we are less certain about the results when we look at them in terms of the amount of time it takes to cure (i.e. the length of time that the person needs to be cured) or the rate of improvement in the person's clinical outcome (which can vary from a few days to a few weeks). We are not confident about the numbers of people who will have severe sinusitis if they are included in the analysis. We are also not sure if there is a place for the use of antibiotics in the treatment of milder acute rhinaitis, or those with more severe sininaitis.
This review of eight RCTs (involving 2515 patients) found that D2 lymphadenectomy is better than D1 lymphadenotomy, but at the cost of an increased risk of death after surgery (i.e. from any cause) after the cancer has been surgically removed. Although its use is more convenient and safer, the risk of dying after surgery is high, this does not prevent its use in patients with cancer that is surgical.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2010. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which compared oral naltrexone with placebo (dummy pill) or no medication (placebo) in people who were dependent on opioids. We found 13 RCTs with a total of 1158 participants. The findings of this review are based on only one RCT, which was of high quality, and the findings of the other three studies were too imprecise for us to be confident about them. We were able to analyse the results from the single RCT which showed that the use of oral nalrexone was no better than placebo or no medicine in terms of reducing the rate of reincarceration (the rate at which drug use is re-occurred) or the rate atypical opioid use in the treatment of people who are dependent on opioid use. The quality of the results of the review is high, however we were not able to pool them in a meta-analyses due to the lack of data available. Consequently, we are unable to draw any conclusions about the efficacy and safety of this drug. We are not confident that it is better than benzodiazepines and buprenorphine, as it is not shown to be superior to these other kinds of drugs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at changes to fluids used to help people eat food. We found two RCTs that were part of the same large multicentre trial for this review. Both of them included a total of 351 participants with Alzheimer's disease. One of the first, a cross-over (cross-over) trial, looked at the effect of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) in 351 participants. The other, a parallel-design RCT, compared the effects of honey thick and nectar thick liquids with a chin down head posture over a three-month period in 260 participants with dementia. The first, which was part of a wide search of medical databases, found no trials on changes to the content of foods used to eat. The second study found that in one study, the use of videofluoroscopy (a medical test that records the amount of blood pumped out by a tube) during a course of blood) may have influenced the response to the treatment. However, in the second, the second trial, the number of people who took part in the study was too small to know whether they were in the treatment group or the control group. In one of the trials, the people taking part had a normal upper endoscopy and in the other, they had a placebo (a dummy pill) during the course of the blood test. Both trials found that using the same viscosity of fluids in the same group may have affected the amount pumped out. There were no deaths in the first and the second trials. The quality of the evidence was low for the outcomes of the review. We are uncertain about the short-term and long-term effects of changes to fluid content in food. There may be differences in effect of the type of fluids used and the way in which they are changed, as too few trials have been done. There is a need for more research in this area.
Six randomised trials with a total of 788 women were included in this review. The largest trial has not yet completed follow up for over 95% of women, and more data are awaited. The evidence is up to date as of 7 March 2015. No evidence of a difference was found in live birth rates. For a woman with a 53% chance of live birth, the chance of having a live birth using standard IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference in the rates of OHSS (i.e. failure of the woman to have a healthy birth), clinical pregnancy (pregnant women with a low chance of giving birth to a healthy child) or birth defects (fetal or umbilical infertile infertil). However, for those women whose chance of birth was 53%, the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the control group (MD -4.40, 95% CI -7.87 to -0.93). There were too few data to be able to draw any conclusions about rates of adverse effects or treatment costs. The overall quality of the evidence was very low for most of the outcomes.
We included a total of 984 people with COPD. The age range of participants ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Tai Chi programmes ranged from six weeks to one year in length. Most of the participants were able to walk at least five metres in six to 12 metres in the first six weeks of the study, and six weeks in the third and fourth weeks. All of the people in the study had COPD of at least chronic lung disease. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We did not find any reports of any adverse effects from using Tai Chi. We are not able to conclude whether Tai Chi is safe to use in the management of COPD due to the lack of data. We recommend that Tai Chi should not be used as an add-on to other treatments for COPD, as we do not have enough data to reach a conclusion.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of VR in adults (aged 18 years or over) who had had a stroke. We found 72 RCTs that involved 2470 participants. Most of the studies were small in size and used a range of methods to try to reduce the risk of bias. The quality of the evidence is low due to poor reporting of the methods used in many of the trials. Thus, while there are a large number of studies and a large range of results, the quality of evidence is still low. The results of this review are based on only a small number of trials with a small sample size. We were not able to pool the results of the different trials due to differences in the way they reported them. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2015.
We identified five RCTs (1330 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. All of the trials compared fluoroquinolones with rifampicin or pyrazinamide for the first-line treatment of drug-sensitive TB. One RCT (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard treatment for TB. The fluoquinolone used in one of the included trials was ethambutol. We are not sure if the use of these drugs to add to the drug-suppressing drugs for people with TB reduces the number of patients who would die or relapse, or both, or the rate of death or relapse. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether using these drugs for less than six months is beneficial or not. We do not know if there is an effect on treatment failure or death due to the lack of data. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes.
