The aim of this review was to find out which is the best way to help children and their carers with asthma. We found 38 studies with a total of 7843 children. The results of the review show that following a short-term (three to eight week) intervention delivered to children, their parents or both, there is a reduction in the frequency of visits to the hospital and the rate of the children’s asthma exacerbations. There is not yet a clear answer to the long-term effects of this approach.
We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. We were interested in studies that looked at the use of ketamine for ear, nose, and throat surgery. We looked at all types of surgery, and at different durations, up to 12 weeks. We found that ketamine reduced the amount of pain at 24 hours, and the need for analgesic analgesics, when used as the first analgesic after surgery. Over 48 hours, people given ketamine needed 13 more analgesics (10 to 15 mg per kg/minute) than those given placebo (19% from 67 mg per hour). Pain at rest (at 24 hours) and at 48 hours (at 48 hours) was 19% lower and 22% lower, respectively, in the ketamine group and 21% in the control group, compared with the placebo group, respectively. Pain during movement (e.g. knee arthroscopy) was 14% lower with ketamine than with placebo (29% from 1806 participants), and 16% less with R-ketamine (23% from 1353 participants). The quality of evidence was high for pain at rest and 48 hours; low for pain during movement and 24 hours (18% from 1906 patients) and 24% from 2449 patients). We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if the size of the study was small and the number of participants was not large. We did not have enough information to know which ketamine dose was best.
The MSP/RESA vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific.
This is a Cochrane review of four studies, involving 125 participants. Each study had limitations in the way it was designed and performed. Three of the studies looked at the use of pulsed (pitched) electromagnetic fields, and one study looked at electro fields. All four of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. participants knew if they were in the treatment group or the control group). Each of the four studies had limitations. The evidence is up to date as of 4 February 2015. The results of the review suggest that there is some benefit in using the electrical fields used to treat the tibia (shin bone) after a bone fracture. However, due to differences in the methods used in the studies, we were not able to combine the results to give a summary result. One study found that the quality of the evidence was low. Further well-conducted research is required.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review that found that drains after laparoscopic cholecystectomy are no better than 'no drain' in terms of short-term deaths, quality of life, and the length of stay in hospital. However, drain does not seem to be as good as no drain. There are too few data to be sure about this. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials on the use of herbal medicines in patients with diabetes. We found 29 studies involving 3639 participants. All of the trials were of low or very low quality. There were problems with the methods in many of the studies, which meant that we were not able to draw conclusions about the safety of the herbal medicines. We did not find any well-designed, well-conducted, placebo-controlled trials with objective outcome measures. Most of the included studies were of very low methodology, which means that we do not know if they are of good quality. Based on these results, we would not be able to conclude whether or not herbal medicines are safe for the treatment of the condition.
We found five studies involving 1382 prostate cancer patients. All studies were short term and did not assess cancer-specific survival (i.e. cancer spread to the prostate). One of the studies (43) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group. We found that IAS was as good as CAS in terms of overall survival, prostate cancer-related survival, or cancer growth, but may have slightly fewer side effects.
We found 12 studies involving 7,119 women. Most of them were of moderate risk of bias (i.e. had a high risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms)). Insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD) was done when the IUD was still in place. Five of them showed that use of an IUD soon after the birth of a child was more likely to be done when placed right away than it was done a few days later. One study showed that the use of a levonorgestrel IUD and another showed that discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. In other work, insertion of a Lippes Loop (also known as the Lipes Loop) was more effective and reduced the rate of removal of IUD from the uterus than insertion of the copper 7 IUD. However, at six months postbirth, IUD use was more often done when inserted right away compared to delayed insertion. Evidence is up to date as of June 2015. The quality of evidence for most of the findings was moderate.
We searched for all randomised trials on meditation in patients with leukaemia/ lymphoma. We found only one randomised trial that looked at meditation for haematological cancer. Ninety-one patients took part in the study, but only 42 of them remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were included in the analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the participants. The quality of the evidence is low to very low due to the small sample size and high risk of bias due to missing information in the abstract of the study. This means that we are not able to draw any conclusions at this time. The evidence is up to date as of 15 May 2018.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Two of the studies (involving 23%) were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way the study was designed and performed). The quality of the three studies varied, as well as the length of follow-up (up to five days). We found that most of the children who received PEP developed varicella (23%), compared with 42 of 54 placebo (or no) participants (78%). Of the participants who were given PEP, the most had mild disease (with less than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most of them were treated with PEP in the first three days after they had received the PEP. However, too few of the participants (23%) were given the vaccine four days later. None of the trials assessed the safety of the vaccine used in all three studies. No trial assessed the side effects of the treatment. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of PEP used in children. We identified high-risk of bias in one study and unclear risk of systematic error in one of the other. Overall, 13 out of 56 PEP recipients (23% of the total) and 42 out of 54 (78%) in the control group (78%), of whom 34% had variceva, were included in the review. In the two of the trial (included in meta-analysis) reported on the side effect of treatment. The results of the study (in total) did not allow us to draw any conclusions about the risk of adverse events following PEP use. No trials were found that compared PEP given more than three days later to children who had received a PEP vaccine compared with placebo or no vaccine. The included trials varied in quality, vaccine used, length of stay in the treatment and the number of participants who had some or all adverse events. We were not able to combine the data due to variation in study design and imprecision in the results.
We included 12 RCTs, with 4704 participants, in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. they were conducted in a way that could bias the results). With the exception of one trial in which all the participants had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA in the people undergoing surgery. None of the trials assessed quality of life, the length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Antibiotics given with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime (ciprolimus) if allergic to penicillin) may reduce the number of people with MRSA infection. There were no adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to antibiotic or non-antibiotic prophylaxis in four trials (three trials that reported death and one other trial). In the one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, the percentage of people who developed SSIs was lower in the group that received antibiotic prophphylactic antibiotics compared with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65; MRSA SSI RR 0). In two trials (19/48 (4.5%) people developed MRSA disease due to MRSA, including SSI, chest infections and bacteraemia (bacteria in the urine). There was no difference in the risk of these adverse events between the groups. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that giving antibiotics for more than one time is of benefit. There are no other trials on this topic.
We searched for all randomised studies up to 30 September 2015. We found only one randomised study (116 women) that compared planned home care with hospital care for PPROM. We did not find any trials that were large enough to be able to measure our pre-specified outcomes. In both studies, most of the women (83%) were women who were not pregnant at the time of the birth. In one of the trials, women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours. In the other trial, the number of women in each group was too low to allow us to determine whether one treatment was better than the other. There was some evidence that women who received home care were more likely to have a caesarean section (RR 0.28, 95% CI 0.07 to 1.15) and were more satisfied with their care. The home care group spent 10 days less time as inpatients (RR -14.59 to -4.61) and women who had home care reported that home care was more effective than hospital care. There were no data on death of the baby within the first 28 days of life or maternal death. The quality of the studies was low and we were not able to combine their findings due to the lack of data. There is a need for more research in this area.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. It is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a similar effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. However, it should be noted that if the staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 participants. Seven of them were of green tea and four were of black tea. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed, as well as the dose and length of the green tea capsules. The results showed that green tea has favourable effects on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, blood pressure and diastolic (systolic) blood pressure over a six-month follow-up. Green tea was found to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke when used as the main prevention of CVD. This was based on data from a small number of studies. The effects of both tea types on lipid levels and blood pressure were found to be favourable. Adverse events were reported in five of the trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for flu, appendicitis and retinal detachment, but these are unlikely to be attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the prevention of heart attacks and strokes.
The purpose of this review was to see if azathioprine, a drug commonly used for bronchiolitis, is a useful drug in the treatment of patients with bronchitis. We found only one small study (involving 23 patients) that met the inclusion criteria for the review. We did not find any new studies since the last Cochrane review in 2010. There are too few data available at this time to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefit or harm of the drug in bronchial exacerbations. Large, long-term studies are required.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found 56 studies (4068 participants) that looked at the effects of exercise on tiredness in adults with cancer. Most of them were carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies). The findings of this update are based on a meta-analysis of all fatigue data (1461 in the control group and 1187 in the exercise group). We found that people with cancer-related tiredness during or post-adjuvant cancer were more likely to exercise than those with no tiredness. This was true for both breast cancer and prostate cancer. We did not find evidence for those with other cancers (e.g. prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, nasopharyngeal cancer), or those with haematological cancers (a cancer growing in a blood stream). The results of this review should be regarded as valid for all cancers. Further research is required to find out the best type, duration and timing of an exercise intervention.
We found five randomised trials with 3427 adults (16 to 65 years of age) with HL. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but high for other outcomes, as it was not possible to blind people to the treatment group (i.e. progression-free survival (PFS)). The quality of evidence for OS and PFS was rated as high for OS, and low for all other outcomes. This means that after five years only 90 (70 to 117) patients will be alive in the BEACOPP arm and 120 (124 to 168) patients in the ABVD arm. We are very uncertain about how many women will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured. No information on male fertility was provided. Five of the five trials reported adverse events and the analysis showed that the increased BEACopP dose probably causes more haematological toxicities such as anaemia, low white blood cell counts, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and infections. Only one of the trials (EORTC 20012) planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. This meta-analysis showed that adult patients with HL aged 16 to 60 years may have an OS of 90% and a PFS of 4.0%. This is based on moderate- to high-certainty evidence from three trials (3332 participants) and low-quality evidence from one trial (2332 patients) and very low-risk of MDS or AML. There is no evidence for a change in the risk of death or the rate with either treatment. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be able to show a difference in the rate of second solid tumours, which would not be expected to show significance up to 15 years after the end of treatment. This is due to the very low quality of the evidence.
We found 15 randomised trials (involving 1835 cancer patients) that assessed a range of psychosocial, psychological, behavioural and non-phosocial interventions aimed at patients with cancer. All of the trials were aimed at breast cancer patients (eight trials) and prostate cancer (two trials). We did not find any trials on other types of psychological interventions. We found that the rates of people with cancer who received psychological, psychological and/or behavioural interventions were similar to those who received care as usual. However, we found that patients who received multidisciplinary interventions were more likely to have a higher rate of treatment success than those who were treated with care as normal. We also found that those patients who were offered multidispirations were more satisfied with treatment than patients who only had care as routine. In one study patients with breast cancer were offered a physical training programme. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high. Six studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. six of the studies were conducted in a way that could bias the results in favour of one or more treatment or the other) and nine had a low risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms).
We searched for evidence in May 2015 and April 2017. We found four trials involving more than 13,000 women. Three of the trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one by the UK (UK and Ireland). All four of the included trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland. All four trials included women who were low-risk at risk of having a caesarean section because they were in labour at term. We did not find any new trials for the update of this review, which was first published in 2012. We reran the search in May 2017 and found one new trial. We will deal with this study when we next update the review. We included four randomised trials with a total of 13,071 women in labour. The studies were of moderate to very low risk of bias. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most of the outcomes due to the lack of information provided in the previous version of this Cochrane review (2011). We found no new trials in this update. The evidence is current to May 2017. In this update, we did not identify any new randomised controlled trials. The previous review found that women who received the CTG had, on average, a 20% increase in the number of caesaresan section rates compared with those who received intermittent auscultation (4 trials, 11,338 women). There was no clear difference in the rates of perinatal deaths (4 randomised, moderate- to very-low-risk) between those who had a CTG and those who did not (3 trials, 10,757 participants). There were no differences between groups in other outcomes such as incidence of low blood flow in the neonatal period (1 study, 8056 infants) and the rate of seizures in the baby (1 small study, very low- risk of seizures) during labour (1 large study, low-to-very low-level of risk). No data were available for women at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. We do not know if the use of CTG is useful for women who are low risk on admission in labour because we found no evidence to show that it is useful. We recommend that the CCG not be used for those who are not low risk.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen of these randomised women (3666), three randomised cycles (1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (more than 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data due to each of the comparisons being too different. Most of the studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. With regards to adverse effects, three of the trials (involving 692 women) found that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, one of these trials (quinn's advantage) was found to be associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5 (odds ratio (OR) 1.12 to 2.16; 692 participants). None of the other trials reported on the health of the child. None of them found any evidence of a difference in adverse effects. Most studies did not report on the number of pregnancies or live birth or ongoing pregnancy. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
This review aimed to find out if there are any good-quality randomised controlled trials of this topic. The review found no randomised trials of the type used in this area. There is a lack of research in the area and a gap in the evidence which means that it is not possible to draw any conclusions about the use of this method. We have considered that it would be unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time as waiting for a diagnosis of breast cancer, as this is when they are most likely to receive treatment. As some of the women use the method at the first visit to their breast cancer surgery, it is possible that if they are given treatment they will not be able to talk to each other. However, we do not know if this will happen as there have not been any well-conducted randomised trial of this technique. We would like to see more research on this topic but we were not able to find any.
We found 17 RCTs with 1006 participants. We included one new RCT with a follow-up of at least 12 months. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. We found that in the first three months after treatment, people with NCPP had less chest pain than those who had not received any treatment. There was a reduction in the number of chest pain-free days (i.e. days without any chest pain) up to three months later. This was achieved with the use of a cognitive-behavioural approach, in which people learn to change the way they think and behave. We did not find that other short-term treatments such as hypnosis, counselling, or physiotherapy, or biofeedback, were effective. However, we do not know if they are effective. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence for each of the main outcomes in this review ranged from very low to high. We judged the risk of bias in all of the studies to be high. In addition, all studies had a high risk of performance bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We are not able to draw any firm conclusions at this time as to the best way to treat NCPPs. Further research is needed.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants that looked at 17 of these drugs: nedocromil sodium or cromoglycate, Olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and pemirolast potassium. All of the trials were short term (no more than eight weeks), and none of them looked at long-term treatment (one to eight weeks). There was some data to show that all of the antihistamines and mast cell stabilers used in the studies were effective in the short-term (i.e. one to three months). There were no major side effects caused by the use of the drugs. However, the quality of the studies and the way they were carried out was variable, which makes it hard to be sure that their conclusions are valid.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing the use of tobacco in Indigenous youth. We found three studies (involving 1505 participants) that met the criteria for the review. One of the studies was from the US, the other was based in the US and was based on a wide range of interventions. We did not find any difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study that looked at this (skills-community group compared with control group; skills-only group versus control; and for smokeless tobacco use at 42 weeks). Whilst the first study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not seen at six month follow- up in the control group. Both studies were of low or unclear risk of bias (out of a total of 10). Based on the evidence, we were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not these interventions are effective in the prevention of smoking in Indigenous children and adolescents. This is due to the lack of good-quality, well-conducted, and large-scale, randomised trials.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised randomised clinical trials on this topic up to 30 September 2016. We found one randomised trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). Evidence from one very low-quality study (involving 72 women) suggests that prophylactic blood transfusion given to women with HbSS confers no clear benefit when compared with selective blood transfused. Low-certainty evidence from one large, high-risk trial (in which 50% of the women had a low or very low risk of bias) showed that the risk of pain crisis was lower when the blood was given to the mother compared with the women who had a control group. Evidence from another large, low-risk-of-bias (i.e. lack of a true 'randomised' study) study showed that there was no difference in the rate of death of the baby within the first 28 days of life, bleeding in the heart or admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) between the treatment groups. We were not able to combine the results of the trial as there were too few events reported and the results were imprecise. The quality of evidence was very low for most of the reported outcomes.
We found 67 randomised randomised trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a bias due to the way the study was designed and performed). A total of 5771 participants from 64 randomised clinical trials provided data for one or more of the outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one of the trials above. Of the primary outcomes, the only one that we found from more than two of them was in the need for a blood transfusion, which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. We found that the amount of red blood cells (which are part of the blood) was lower in the fibrin sealant group than in the control group; blood loss; and blood amount (new frozen blood cells) was similar in both groups; and the blood loss, the length of hospital stay, and the time taken to do the operation were lower with low central venous pressure than with control. There were no data on health-related quality of life or the time needed to return to work. None of the studies reported health-dependent quality of the life of people who had undergone liver resection. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the main outcomes. The main reason for this was that all trials were small, and all were of low quality.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. There is evidence to support the use of systemic retinoids, oral PUVA and hydroxycarbamide under hydrocolloid occlusion, and low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy in the treatment of PPP. The use of the PUVA treatment appears to be better than the other treatments. The addition of PUVA to another drug, colchicine, does not seem to improve PPP in the short term.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of five different drugs (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) that compared loop diuretics with other drugs. We found no new RCTs in 2012 and 2014. The trials were conducted over a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diurestics was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHg/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2). Withdrawals due to side-effects and serum blood pressure changes did not show a significant difference. We did not have a good estimate of the risk of harms due to the drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side-effect data in many of the studies. We assessed both the quality of evidence for both systol and diastolic beta-blockers as low.
We found 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 people with laparoscopic cholecystectomy contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. Most of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was designed and performed). Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk patients undergoing elective laparoscopically-surgery. There were no deaths in either group in eight of the eight trials that reported death (0/236 (0.210) in the control group and 0/210 (0%) in the local anaesthetic group). Although the other three trials (190) did not report death, there were no complications in any of the three groups. We found very low- to low-certainty evidence that the use of intraperitoneal instillation reduces pain in low anaesthesia risk surgery. There was very low quality evidence that it reduces pain at four to eight hours and nine to 24 hours after the surgery. We did not have enough information to be sure that the reduction in pain was significant. We were not able to combine the results of the other trials as they used a range of different types of drugs, with bupivacaine the most commonly used. We are unable to draw any conclusions as to which is the most efficacious drug. We do not have any data on quality of life, return to normal activity, or rate of return to work. There is a need for more research in this area. This Cochrane Review is up-to-date as of 15 January 2019.
We found 74 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared various types of RDTs with each other or with other antigens. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) both by itself and in combination with other drugs (pLDH) and types 4 and 5 include pLDH (also by itself) and types 1 to 4 with other drugs (pregens) with each other. We found that all types of ritux antibodies (HRP-1, 2, 3, and 4) are searches for pre-disease-caused pneumonia. They are treatments based on blood samples taken from the skin before treatment with the aim of diagnosing the cause of the symptoms. These tests are used to provide the preferably the best diagnosed prevention of the true cause of symptoms before and after drug treatment injections with pre drugs inhibitors before, during, and aspirin injected into the bloodstream. All of the tests are drug-based and are given to prevent the spread of pills in the body from the skin but not to the body but not to the lungs (mainly the lungs). We also found that all types of RRDTs are similar in their sulfiram, that is, they can diagnose the causes of of the erythematosus (primary) malaria when treated with pregnant women with malaria withdrawals due to parenteral malaria. If 30% of those presenting with symptoms have RRDTs, type 1 tests will miss 16 cases, and type 4 tests will miss 26 cases. Overall, we found that all types of test were slightly better (i.e. when results are compared with results of typical ritux)—that is the types of tests that are used by clinicians to recommend the use of drug based treatments for preficial treatment against pluconazole (a type of pharmaceutical drug) in combination with the World Health Organization (WHO)). We were not able to combine the results of all of the studies due to inconsistencies in the quality of the reporting of the studies.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of primary care care. All five of them were conducted in the UK. We are not sure whether changes in primary care services make a big impact on primary care practice. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We do not know from the studies whether or not the changes make a large impact on patients' care. None of the trials looked at the amount of time primary care providers use the resources used. We did not find any good-quality evidence to support or refute a policy of reducing the lengths of the first-line care given to physicians. It is possible that these findings may change if high-certainty trials are published in the future.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of high dose and low dose stavudine in patients with HIV/AIDS. We found three randomised studies (involving a total of 157 participants) that met the criteria for the review. All three of the studies were conducted in the USA, all in developed countries, all of whom were HIV-infected and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. The age range of the participants ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of them were male. The studies were at a high risk of selection bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the study) and bias (ie, the studies did not report all their outcomes in a way that would allow us to assess them in a meta-analysis). There was no difference between the high dose (high dose) and the low dose (low dose) groups in the included studies. However, there was a reduction in bone and limb fat and an increase in triglycerides (a type of fat) in the high-dose arms. No one in the low-dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study and none in the other two trials (Mcomsey 2008 and Sanchez-Conde 2005) stopped the drug due to adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. Further research is required to find out if high dose is as good as low dose.
We found 10 studies (1658 participants) that compared an open lung ventilator with a control group. Six of the 10 trials (involving 1370 participants) used recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open- lung ventilation strategy that was different from the control group in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies (1450 participants) reported death outcomes. We found that people who received the treatment had a lower risk of death in the intensive care unit and in the hospital at 28 days of age than those who did not. We did not find a reduction in the risk of dying in the ICU or in the 24-day or 28-day days after being on the ventilators. We also found that those who were recruited to the treatment group did not have a higher risk of developing barotrauma (a blood clot in the lung). We found no difference in the number of people who died in the neonatal nursery of a tertiary care centre. We assessed the quality of the studies as low due to limitations in the methods used in the review.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of these techniques in adults with acute bronchitis. We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that looked at relaxation therapies for bronchiolitis. Most of the studies were small and of poor or poor quality. We were not able to draw firm conclusions for the role of these interventions in the treatment of adults with bronchial bronches due to the lack of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported trials are required in this area.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that looked at the use of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in people with panic attacks. We found 35 randomised studies with 6785 participants. Only a few trials (involving 215 participants) reported data on the main outcome of the review (i.e. the rate at which the participants improved). We found low- and very low-certainty evidence (based on data from two studies) that there is no difference in effectiveness (response rate) and side-effects (side-effect rate) between the two types of drug. We also found very-low- and low-quality data (from seven studies) for the number of dropouts due to any cause, which ranged from very low to very high with both types of drugs. We did not find any difference in side-effect rates with either drug. Information on side-side-side effects was very limited. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small numbers of participants included in the review and the poor methods used in many of the studies. We need to make a judgement on the quality of evidence based on the results of this review. The choice of which drug is the best to use in panic attacks should be made on the basis of evidence of the drug used in the individual. This is based on evidence from individual studies, and should be assessed by the clinician. We do not know if one drug is better than the other, since we were not able to combine the data from all of the identified in this update. We recommend that more high-quality research is needed.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three of the trials, which were of high quality, compared plastic stents to surgery. All of the studies were performed in patients with cancer of the distal jaundice due to pancreatic cancer. All studies compared the use of a stent to surgery (metal stents) and all of the stents were compared to a plastic stent (polyethylene stents). We found that metal stents had a lower risk of recurrent blockage of the biliary ducts (recurrence of the cancer) when compared with surgery. There was a trend towards fewer deaths in the first 30 days after the stent was put in place (18%) with the metal stent and a trend in the rate of 30-day mortality (17%). One of the three studies that looked at the effects of metal stenting compared to surgery found that the stented had a higher risk of repeat blockage (17%) than surgery (18%). One study that compared metal stented to surgery reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with the iron stent. Nine of the 29 trials that we found were of good quality. The quality of the evidence for each of the comparisons ranged from very low to high. There is a need for more research to find out the best stent type.
We found five RCTs (involving 444 arterial cannulations) that compared the first-time-use of ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation with other techniques in paediatric patients. Four of the trials (124 patients) were conducted in the UK, and one in the USA. All of the participants were paediatric. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some of the studies not reporting details of concealment. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds to the risk of bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 1 April 2019. We found that the use of a device to guide the blood flow through the arterial line results in better first- and second-treatment success rates and decreases the rate of complications when compared with other methods of anaesthesia such as palpation or Doppler ears. This may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom angioplasty (i.e. the insertion of a tube into the chest) is more painful than in adults. We did not find any data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as low due to imprecision due to wide range of results, low numbers of events and small sample sizes.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised trials (studies in which one or more of two or more groups of people are compared) of any type of drug or alcohol drug or both. We found three RCTs (one RCT and one ITS) that included a total of 80 male students (19 in the RCT, 79 in the ITS) and an RCT (80 in the latter) that compared a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on just the use of the products. The RCT found that young men who were exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who watched those with a high-inhaled (i.e. high-pitched) content. Young men who received the TV shows with a neutral (pretend) content (such as the ones used in the USA, UK, and Canada) drank less (0.73 drinks per month). We did not find any follow-up of 1.5 hours, so we do not know if the men in the study were able to drink up to the end of the intervention. The results from the three ITS study (involving 19 men) were not consistent. Each of the three studies looked at a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions. We are not able to say whether or not there are any benefits or harms from reducing the number of men who drink more than five drinks per day. There is a lack of strong evidence for or against the implementation of all-cause death from any cause. The quality of the evidence was very low due to serious risk of bias in the studies and imprecision in the results.
The review of trials found that there is no difference in short-term growth between the high- and low-calciferol (MCT) formula. There is no evidence that high-calcerol (high-calderol) formula is better than low-chloridol (low-calcium-based formula). There are conflicting data (two studies) as to how well the MCT formula is able to support the baby's growth. There are no data on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). No studies were found that looked at long-term rates of growth (i.e. beyond six months of age) or development of the child into the neonatal nursery or neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Further research is needed.
We searched for all randomised controlled studies up to 30 November 2017. We found one small study (involving 34 women) that compared amnioinfusion with no amnionitis. All women received intrauterine pressure catheters, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not find any trials that used transabdominal amnoiditis. The study did not have a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was designed and performed). We found no clear effect on the risk of postpartum endometritis (such as neonatal encephalopathy, intraventricular haemorrhage, admission to intensive/high care), or the rate of caesarean section). There was no clear difference in the duration of antibiotics (aciclovir) given to women with chorioamnionitis at birth (16 hours versus 33 hours) or in the length of time they were in the hospital (3 hours versus 21 hours). The study also did not report on how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was due to the number of women included in the study and inconsistency in the reporting of the trial.
The review found that the Mini-Cog is a short-term test that is used worldwide as a screening test for health care. It has been used for many years, but has not been used as a long-term screening test. Cognition tests are used for a number of reasons, one of which is that they are used to assess a range of factors that may be important to health care providers. This systematic overview of three studies, involving 1620 participants, found that people with a Mini Cog may be able to tell whether or not they are at risk of bias based on the test used. There is a need for more research in this area. Further research is needed to find out if the test is accurate and whether it is a good test. This review is up-to-date as of 15th October 2013.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared any amphetamines with a placebo (sugar pill) or another type of amphetamine (e.g. lisdexamfetamine, guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine). We found 19 randomised studies that included 2521 adults; most of them were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were from the USA, and one was from both the USA and the USA. Ten studies were conducted in both countries. The duration of the studies ranged from three weeks to three years. Most studies had short-term follow-up (i.e. less than six weeks). We did not find any studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. We found low- to very low-certainty data for the outcome of severity of ADHD symptoms, which we assessed as low-quality. We also found very low quality data for return of treatment to treatment and number of people who dropped out of treatment due to side-effects. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one of which was publicly funded, and two of which did not report their funding sources.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review, which was published in 2013. We found 10 new randomised trials (involving 811 participants) in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in February 2015. We added six new trials (517 patients) in this review update, bringing the total to 10 trials (811 patients) that looked at the use of vitamin D for chronic pain. We did not find any large benefit of Vitamin D for any of the chronic painful conditions that we looked at. Adverse events and withdrawals due to side-effects were very rare, and were very low in most of the trials. Vitamin D does not seem to be a useful drug for any chronic painful condition. We do not know whether or not vitamin D would be a good choice for people with chronic pain due to symptoms.
This is an overview of studies that have looked at the use of health professionals to improve the care they provide to patients with diabetes. The aim of the review was to find out if these interventions help them to do their job well and if they do not, then whether they are good at doing the job. We found 41 randomised and quasi-randomised studies involving more than 48,000 patients. All studies looked at different types of health providers. They varied in the nature of the interventions, the types of patients, the settings and the interventions. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were aimed at health providers, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies it was aimed at both. In 15 of the 15 studies, in which patients were added to both the professional and the non-practitioner interventions, we found that the combination of professional and non-patients' care improved the health of patients. This effect on patients' health was not clear as it was not assessed in most studies. The quality of the studies was often poor. Many studies did not report methods in a way that would allow us to assess them properly.
We found five randomised trials with a total of 1503 women. All five of the studies were small (involving less than 30 women altogether) and were conducted in the 1980s. The LNG-IUS was used in one study, the transdermal contraceptive patch in one and the T380A intrauterine device (IUD) in the other. All of the trials were small. The trials compared the use of LNG to birth control methods other than LNG. We found that LNG was as good as other LNGs (pessary) for birth control in one trial, but LNG had a higher drop-out rate (30%) than the COC group (20%). LNG appeared to work at least as well as the other pills used in the pills. LNG may cause more side effects (e.g. hair loss, skin rash) than other pills. We considered the quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to poor design of the included trials.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. We searched for all randomised trials that looked at the use of immunotherapy for allergen allergy in adults. We found 13 new trials. Nineteen of the 79 studies were new. There were 42 studies on house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy; 10 dander allergy (10 studies); two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six studies looking at a number of different allergens. The evidence is up to date as of 15 April 2015. This review found that people treated with immunotherapy had a significant reduction in their symptoms and use of medicines, and improved their bronchial (bronchial) hyper-reactivity (i.e. cough, spasm or runny nose). There was no difference in lung function. One study found that the size of the benefit is likely to be about half that of inhaled steroids. If 16 patients were treated with the drug, one would be expected to have a local (the skin) side effect (such as anaphylaxis). If nine patients were used to treat with the drugs, one could develop a systemic side-effect (of any severity). Overall it would have been necessary to treat four patients (95% CI 3 to 6) with treatment to avoid one worsening of symptoms.
We did not find any new randomised trials in this update of the review. We found six studies with 1297 patients. We did not identify any new studies in this review. All six of the studies were randomised, and five of them had a low risk of bias (i.e. a low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was designed and performed). We found that ventilators reduced the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay in adults with acute bronchiolitis due to acute lung injury. There was not enough data to know if the effect on long-term death is important. We do not know if using a higher (31 cm H2O) or lower (14 cm) peak pressure in the control group is better than that used in the intervention group. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of ventilator-based lung-protective ventilation on the length of hospital stay due to the lack of available data.
We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. We found that none of the trials were of high quality. The use of isoflurane reduces the length of time taken for a person to come out of anaesthesia. This means that in the short term, when compared with propofol, the drug is just as good as the inhalation method. We also found that the risk of adverse events such as shivering or pain with both techniques is the same. However, we found that our results are based on a small number of studies, which means that we are uncertain about them. We recommend that more research is needed.
This is a Cochrane review of four studies with 15,936 high blood pressure patients. The mean age of the participants ranged from 75.4 years to 75.2 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined results of the four randomised trials (involving 259/7660 participants) did not show that blood pressure lowering in late-life reduced the risk of Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia. More patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 stopped taking the drug due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (involving 3474 patients) that compared PTCRA with angioplasty in patients with in-stent re-stenosis. We did not find enough long-term data to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefit or harm of the use of this device in re-vascularisation of coronary artery disease. In the short-term, we found that when conventional PTCA is available, PTCra appears to be no more or less effective in reopening the narrowed artery. In certain circumstances (e.g. those who are not eligible for heart surgery, those with more complex lesions, or those with lesions that do not need re-insertion of the catheters) PTCAA may be beneficial. However, we do not know if it is better or worse in terms of re-opening the catheter. There is a need for more research in this area. We found that most of the data presented in this review were reported in a way that did not allow us to assess the risk of bias (i.e. the quality of the studies was low or very low due to a lack of data).
The results of this review are based on three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Two of these were multicentre studies (involving all participants with bronchiolitis) and the other was from a hospital in Italy. All three RCTs used a dose of 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 April 2015. The results of the review do not support the use of nebifencalciferol (rhDNase) in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute atelectasis. It might have a role in reducing the length of time spent in hospital, but it is not clear if this is a role that should be used. Side effects of this drug were reported in a number of patients from both treatment groups. These side-effects included short-term loss of oxygen (hypoxaemia), increased cough, cough, hoarseness, dyspnoea (brief loss of air) and bad taste.
We found only one study with few sources of bias (i.e. sources other than bias), which compared the percutaneous (percutaneous) method with the cut-down method. We found that there was no difference in the risk of death, bleeding or haematoma between the groups. There were no wound infections in either group. There was no overall risk of aneurysm exclusion in the group of patients who had surgery on the femoral artery, which was reported in one study and not in the surgical group in the other. No wound infections occurred in the wound infection group or the surgical arm group in any of the two studies. The length of time that the surgery took to do and the length of stay in the hospital was similar in both groups. Only one study reported the time spent in the intensive care unit (ITU) and hospital stay, with no difference found between groups. The quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes ranged from low (short-term) to high (long-term). The main reason for the downgrading of the quality of evidence was that we only found a small number of studies with few events and few events, which makes it hard to be sure that the true results are close to the truth.
This is an update of the previous review, which found no new trials. The first review found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although the rates of discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. More trials will be needed to find out the role of spermicides in the prevention of HIV/AIDS or in causing side effects.
Sixteen studies were included in the review, six of which were in the meta-analysis. Three of the studies looked at prevention (drugs) and three looked at amelioration (improvement of cognitive function). All of the drugs were given to adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who had undergone brain tumour surgery. The drugs were methylphenidate, d-threo-methylphenidate HCL, modafinil, and donepezil. All of them were used to treat the tumour and were compared to a placebo (sugar pill) or no treatment. There were a number of limitations in the studies but few with high risks of bias (i.e. not all studies had a high risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We found that the use of a drug (methylphenidate) may help to reduce the risk of people with brain metastases who have been treated with cranial irradiation. There was no strong evidence to suggest that any other drug (drug) or non-drug intervention (such as cognitive/behavioural) helped to prevent or amelify the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. There is a need for more research in this area. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of other drugs (such a medicine called donepezial) or any other non-medicine-based treatments on the prevention of Alzheimer’s disease or the amelionation of the condition. There are a few studies in progress that will help to improve the symptoms in the next few years.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that there were no new studies. The first review was published in 2013. We found one new study, which included 26 participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. The participants in the studies were from both males and females. The results of the study that we looked at were from 13 patients in the laser treatment group and from 17 in the control group. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of laser treatment on the other two types of iatrogensic (angioleiomyoskeletal) nerve injury. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was very low. This was due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, the imprecision of the results and the small sample size.
We searched for randomised trials (involving women with ovaries or ovaries) that looked at the use of combined oestrogens and progestogen to reduce the rate of miscarriages (i.e. miscarriages caused the baby to be born too early or have a low birthweight of less than 2500 g, abnormal genital tract in the child, cancer in the mother, or cancer other than of the reproductive system in the baby. We found only one randomised study (161 women) that met our criteria for the review. This study did not show a difference between the treatment group and the no-treatment group for all our outcomes. The trial was based on women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF). The trial did not report on any of our other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth). We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials to show that using a drug called oestrogen and progerogen prevented the birth of babies born too late or too premature. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs work well-treatments are effective for people with depression. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and 919. Most studies (16) were short (six to eight weeks) and lasted 6-8 weeks. For TCAs, the number needed to treat (NNT) for each treatment ranged from 7 to 16. The numbers needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 for TCAs (three trials) and 20 to 90 for SSRics (two trials).
This is an update of the original review, which was published in 2013. Ibuprofen is a drug commonly used for migraine headaches and is commonly used as a pain medicine. We found no new trials for the previous version of this Cochrane review (2011). We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofer with a placebo (sugar pill) or other painkillers. The higher dose was significantly better than the low dose (200 mg) for 2-hour headache relief, and the greater dose (300 mg) was more effective than the lower dose (12% versus 5%) for 24-hour (2-hour) sustained headache relief (45% with placebo and 19% with aspirin). Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with the placebo and other active drugs, although the higher dose caused more adverse events (14% with the higher and 7% with a lower dose). Soluble (i.e. containing more than 15 mg) and'soluble' (injected in the arm) formulations of ursodeoxycholic acid (also known as rofecoxib 25 mg) provided more rapid pain relief (52% versus 37%) than the placebo (1% versus 19%) for about half of those who took placebo. Adverse effects occurred at about the same rates with the different doses (200% versus 10%) for both doses. The quality of the evidence for each of the comparisons was very low.
We included 43 trials with a total of 3497 participants with dry eye. All of the trials were of high risk of bias (i.e. high chance of bias due to the way the participants were put into treatment groups) and there was a high risk that the results were reported in a way that did not allow us to analyse them. We found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based (polyvinyl acetate) and all other (pregnant) tears were no better than each other or placebo. However, we also found that all other types of (1) all-over-the-counter) artificial tears did not seem to be as good as each other and placebo, and (2) none of the different types of oral (oral) tears appeared to be the best to treat dry eye, regardless of whether they were used in the eye. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias in the trials and poor reporting of the outcome measures, which meant that we were not able to analyse the results.
We found one small randomised study (involving 136 patients) that looked at whether lamivudine is maintained in second-line therapy after first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. There was no difference in the proportion of those with HIV who did not have HIV at the end of the treatment cycle to HIV-1 RNA suppression after six months and time. Two other studies (in abstract form) also did not show that there is a reduction in the number of patients with HIV at risk of having HIV in the longer term to those who do not. There were no studies that compared the use of a drug called emtricitabine (FTC) to boost the level of the drug used in the blood. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised studies that investigated the effectiveness of other drugs called 'pregabine', 'bolus' (bolus) or 'pyridoxamine'. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 133 randomised studies involving 844,206 adults. We found that all of these tests have a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of the test). For the tests that we looked at, we found that: (1) the 'Mallampati test' (which is used to assess the condition of the airway) is the most reliable test (diagnosed as difficult laryngoscopy) compared to the other tests; (2) the upper lip bite test (used to determine whether the mouth is closed when a tube is inserted to provide oxygen to the airways); (3) the difficult tracheal intubation test (where the tube is placed into the windpipe); (4) the lower lip test (known as the 'up-to-date test") is the highest quality of the tests; and (5) the different types of tests (which are used to determine airway closure) are the most useful. For the other three tests (difficult face mask ventilation, sternomental distance, and mouth opening test) we found the most accurate test (according to the Wilson risk score). For these tests, we were able to combine their results (summary) from 0.24 (95% CI 0.12 to 0.43; thyromental distance). For difficult face mask ventilator placement, we had a summary of 0.88 (95%) and a rate of 95% (95%), indicating that the test was accurate (out of 100) for the test. For more than 90% of the patients, the test (up to 30%) was correct (down to 0%) for the other test (difference of 0%). For the studies that looked at the use of bedside airway test, we identified, we did not find that the tests were accurate (summary of 0). For patients with no airway problems, we judged the quality of evidence for the tests to be high (outcomes). For people with airway symptoms, we rated the evidence for these tests as very low (results of 0%), due to the low numbers of patients and poor study designs.
Sixty-three trials with a total of 8014 participants were found that used probiotics to treat diarrhoea. Of these, 56 were done in adults, and the other 56 in children. Probiotics were used in a wide range of different settings, such as at home, in hospitals, home-based, and at home. The studies varied in the definition used for the acute (duration of) and the end of the (pre)diarrhoea, as well as in the risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of the probiotics). No side effects from probiotics were found. Used in addition to rehydration therapy, probiotics appear to be safe and have clear benefits in shortening the duration and the frequency of the acute infectious diarrhea in adults. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotics regimens in specific patients.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared the effects of adding nidotherapy to standard care for people with schizophrenia. We found only one small, short-term study (18 months) that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. We were not able to combine the results of the study as the results were too imprecise for us to be able to draw any conclusions. We did not find any studies that looked at the long-term (up to six months). We found that people who received nidomy-enhanced standard care were more likely to do as well as they did when they received the standard care alone. They were also more satisfied that they were in the treatment group. We also found that more people in the control group left the study early. We do not know if this was due to the use of nidothyroxine (a drug used to treat schizophrenia) or the fact that it is a new drug. We are unable to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of this new drug as we did not identify any well-designed, well-conducted, and well-reported study. Until such research is available, patients, health care providers, and policy-makers should consider it an intervention. We judged the quality of the one study we found to be very low.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared pregabalin to placebo in adults with moderate or severe pain. We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 3283 participants. We found five of these had a 'classical' design (in which people are randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) and one new study with a 'enriched' (called 'EERW) design (which means that people are randomized to one treatment group or the other) (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg per day). We did not find any new studies. Studies had low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was designed and performed). We found that people were more likely to have good pain relief (at least 50% reduction in pain intensity) with a 300 to 600 mg dose than with a placebo (14% more), and about 9% more with a 600 mg dosage (22% to 24%). Side effects (such as dizziness, somnolence (sleepiness), weight gain, and oedema (swelling) were about 10% more likely with the 600 mg than with the placebo (10% more). Withdrawals due to any reason were about 6% more frequent with the 500 mg dose, but were about 2% more common with the 300 mg dose (high quality evidence). We rated the quality of the evidence as high for most of the outcomes, and very low for adverse events.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials on 25 November 2016. We found one randomised trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no difference seen in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor in gestational age at birth (0.20 weeks; 95% CI -0.62 to 0.22). There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flush) in the magnesium sulphate group than in the placebo group. However, no difference in side effects was seen between groups. There were no differences seen in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section, or in the rate of neonatal or neonatal haemoglobin levels in the blood of the babies. The quality of the trial was high.
In this review, we aimed to find out the best way to help smokers to quit smoking. We found four studies that met all of the criteria for inclusion in the review. Two used the 'CBT' (CBT) approach consisting of a drug (phenytoin) and a behavioural (behavioural) approach. One used the CBT approach through a text message, whilst the other through the use of the clinician's advice and some counselling. We were able to combine the results of all four studies and found that smokers who received the CBBT approach had more quit smoking than smokers who did not. This is based on data from three out of four studies. We are not able to draw any conclusions at this time, as we did not find any well-designed, well-conducted, large-scale, randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at this topic. We need more RCTs to help us understand the true impact of CBT interventions.
We found 13 studies (5686 patients) that looked at the use of a PAC in the intensive care unit (ICU) of a neonatal ICU. We found that patients in the ICU who received a PAC did not have more deaths (28-day, 30-day or 60-day) or length of stay in ICU than those who did not. There was no difference in the number of patients who died (18) or the length of hospital stay (nine) between those who had a PAC and those who were not (14). Of the eight studies of high-risk surgery patients, five looked at how well the PAC worked and found it to be as good as the other five (8) and we found that it was no better than the other studies. There were no differences in the costs (healthcare costs) when we looked at two of the three main types of study (high-risk and low-risk) but we did not find a difference between the groups (14-day and 10-day). We found high-quality evidence that when a PAC was used it did not change the overall risk of death, length of ICU or hospital stay or the cost of care for adult patients in intensive care. We considered all of the studies to be at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way participants and staff knew which group the patients were in). We rated 75% of the trials as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias.
The review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood testing in term neonates. The use of a sweet-tartar solution (which is held in the mouth) further reduces the pain. Further research is needed to find out which is the best method.
The purpose of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of secondary suturing in women with a perineal wound following birth. We found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 52 women) that compared the effects of sutured and non-sutured wounds. There was a trend to favour the resutured group in terms of the rate of healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to show how healing was measured. There was no difference in rates of dyspareunia (period pain) at two months and six months, although more women in the group that did not have suture had recovered by two months. This was the case in the control group, but not in the'resutured' group. The quality of the study was poor, and the numbers of women in each group were too low to draw any conclusions. In conclusion, there is not enough good-quality research to show which is the best way to treat these wounds.
We included 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2521 participants. Most of the RCTs (17) were of poor quality. The methodological quality of 17 of the 18 studies was poor. All of the studies were of low or very low quality. Only three of the included studies showed that the herbal herbs 'Ganmao', 'E ShuY' and'Ribavirin' were better than the antiviral drugs 'amantadine' or 'Guangmao' in preventing or treating flu. Fewer than half of the herbs (10/18) showed any obvious adverse events. No obvious side effects were reported in the studies. Most studies showed the herbs to be as good as antiviral medications. Few were shown to be better than antibiotics. However, the quality of the trials was poor, and more large and high-quality trials are needed.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of medications to improve catheters in patients with HD cathesters. We included eight RCTs with a total of 558 patients. The studies were of mixed or high risk of bias. Most of the trials were of low or very low quality and were judged to be of poor quality. Thrombolytic therapy, fibrin sheath and over-the-wound catheter removal are commonly used treatments for HD catheter problems. There are three main types of medicines used for catheter failure: (1) medicines to prevent blood clots in the veins; (2) medications to prevent bleeding; and (3) drugs to stop blood clotting (drugs such as alteplase or urokinase). There are no medicines that are used to treat HD cathters. There is currently no evidence to show that any specific medicine is better than any other. Most studies reported that catheter removal was as good as the other medicines used in the treatment. There was not enough data to say which is the best medicine. There were not enough patients in the trials to be able to assess which medicine is the most effective. The evidence is up to date as of 15 May 2015.
This review found that adding one or more drugs to the treatment of metastatic breast cancer reduces the risk of tumour response but there is no difference in the time to progression (the length of time it takes the cancer to get worse) or the time that the cancer takes to progress (i.e. spread to the tumour). However, adding a drug to the therapy is associated with an increased risk of side effects (such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia).
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of a neonatal intensive care unit (NLU) for the treatment of adults who are in need of haemodialysis. The findings of the review are based on 10 studies with a total of 1896 patients. There were no differences in inpatient deaths (OR 1.10, 95% CI 0.86 to 2.68) and death rates (OR 0.65 to 1.29) between those who were treated with an NLU and those who received ICU care. However, there was an increase in the number of patients who were readmitted to hospital (OR 5.13 days to 10.76 days) for those treated with a NLU. Early readmissions were lower for the NLU group.  Costs of care on theNLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. Overall, there is some evidence that patients discharged from aNLU are more likely to be able to be cared for in hospital but it is not clear if this is due to the length of time they are in hospital. Further research is needed.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 people with CTS. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the safety of the treatment. Most of the studies were small and did not report any side-effects of the therapy. Two of the trials (68 people) found that when compared with placebo, the use of therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of experiencing short-term improvement in symptoms at the end of seven weeks, although losses to follow-up and failure to change the severity of symptoms in people with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be used with caution. One low-quality trial (68 participants) reported that at three months post-treatment, use of a high-frequency (high-frequency) and high-intensity (ultrasound) treatment regimen increased the chance that a person with a CTS would have short- or long-term symptoms (i.e. pain, pain, and tiredness) compared with a low- or low-level laser therapy regimen. At the same time, we found that adding a treatment called 'trials and splinting' (where light is applied to the skin) to the CTS skin) did not seem to improve symptoms as much as using low- and very low-intensity laser therapy alone. We found no studies that reported any side effects of the treatments. We do not know if there are any harms due to use of ultrasound. More research is needed to find out if the use is safe. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the risk of bias in some studies, with only two of the 11 studies reporting that the people in the participants knew which treatment they were getting. Also, we did not have enough data to be sure that the results were valid.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2013. We found eight studies involving 10,000 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 February 2015. The statin drugs in the studies were pravastatin, atorvastatin or simvastat, clofibrate, and conjugation oestrogen. The intervention was compared with placebo or no intervention in all-cause death or sudden death. The quality of the evidence for each of the drugs was low to very low. There is no evidence that the use of a statin reduces the risk of a new stroke in those with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA. However, there is some evidence that patients with a recent history of coronary heart disease should be treated with a drug called statin therapy. This is based on the results of three of the eight studies.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that had looked at this topic. We found 11 studies that met the criteria for the review. Studies varied in design, settings, length of follow-up, methods of assessment and measures of smoking behaviour used. We were able to combine the results from three large-scale campaigns (two in the USA and one each in the UK) and found that smokers and ex-smokers were less likely to smoke in the US and UK when they were part of a mass media programme. We are not sure if this applies to other parts of the world (e.g. the US, UK). We were not able to compare the rates of people who quit smoking at the end of the programme with those who did not because there were too few events and too few people in each group. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. Yoga was used in a range of positions (e.g. on the back, knee, back, back or both) and was compared with no therapy, or a psychosocial/educative treatment (where yoga is taught to change stress levels in a non-judgemental way), or exercise, or both. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 February 2019. Yoga appears to be as good as no treatment for improving health-related quality of life, reducing tiredness and fatigue and anxiety and fatigue in the short-term. Yoga does not seem to be effective for the long-term, although it is not known if it is as effective as other treatments such as exercise. We do not know if yoga is better than other interventions such as weight-bearing or biofeedback. We did not find any studies that looked at the safety of yoga. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main reasons for downgrades were that we did not have a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed) and that many of the people in the study groups did not complete the study.
We found one study that looked at early post-operations for glioblastoma, involving 125 adults with glioma. Most patients had surgery to remove all of their tumours (surgery only) and were treated with combined treatment (radiosurgery and temozolomide). Evidence from this study suggested that there was little or no difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM and two years after treatment (86% and 81% deaths, respectively) in people who had surgery for GBM. We did not find any evidence on the effect of other imaging schedules. In addition, we found no data on the effectiveness of different imaging strategies. We found no information on the cost effectiveness of any of the methods. The quality of evidence was very low for both survival and tumour recurrences. Further research is needed to find out which is the best time to do post-operative brain imaging for patients with GBM who will receive combined chemoradiation (drugs used to treat the tumour) treatment.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared chlorpromazine to metiapine in adults with schizophrenia. We found three randomised controlled trials involving 161 participants. We did not have useable data for all of our main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was assessed with the CGI approach. There was no clear difference in the rates of improvement between the two groups (2 RCTs, n = 120). The rates of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks were approximately the same (2 trials, 70). There were no useable results available for the other key outcomes of improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay drug used for schizophrenia for decades, yet data were not available for most of our key outcomes. We need more high-quality research to find out if metriapine is more or less effective than chlorpromere.
The review found that the use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and azathioprine/6-MP all appear to help patients with Crohn's disease to avoid a recurrence of their disease after surgery. There is not enough evidence to say which is the best drug. The cost, side effects and side effects of these drugs are too great to justify their use.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at psychosocial treatments for substance abuse in adults. We found seven RCTs with a total of 785 participants. We looked at a range of psychological interventions, such as: (1) cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), (2) a twelve-step programme (one trial), (3) a brief intervention (three studies), (4) a 12-step treatment (two) and (5) a long-term treatment (12 months). We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosavioural interventions to help reduce the amount of people who use methadone or buprenorphine in the short-term. There was low-to-very low-evidence to show that brief interventions do not appear to be better than the longer-term (12- to 12-month) treatment for reducing the use of heroin in people who are dependent on heroin use. Further research is needed to find out which is the best way to change this. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low.
We found 23 studies with a total of 1586 participants. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 studies claimed to be randomised, but most of them did not describe their methods well enough. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg per day). The most recent search for the review was in 2014, when we found no new studies. We found that with use up to 60 days, the number of adverse events (such as thrombocytopenia) was not more than for placebo (1% to 2%). The number of cramps (i.e. pain) over the course of two weeks (28%) and cramp days (20%) was reduced by 10% and 20%, compared with placebo. The duration of the cramp was not reduced. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events on quinines than on placebo (3% to 6%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. Overdoses of quinamines have been reported elsewhere to cause serious adverse events, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with a placebo (0.12% risk). One study reported one case of blood clots in a vein (0%). The use of xylocaine injections in gastrocnemius muscle (gastric muscle) did not seem to be significantly less effective than the use of theophylline. Vitamin E is a long-term drug that is used worldwide as a pain medicine. We identified no new research in this area. The search is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years or over) who had a leg cramp. We found seven RCTs (involving a total of 406 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Three of the included RCCs were of pregnant women with leg cramps and four of them were of idiopathic cramps (i.e. rest cramps). We did not find any trials of adults with no-back pain (e.g. knee pain). We found no trials of people with an active muscle cramp (for the most part those with rest pain). The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes (duration of cramps per week, cramp intensity and duration of the cramp) was low or very low. This means that the true result may be close to the truth, but that we are uncertain about the true effect. For the outcome of adverse events, we could not be sure that side-effect rates were lower in the magnesium group than in the placebo group. The number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side-effects was the same as in the control group. We could not determine the number of participants with minor side-side-effects. We classified the risk of minor side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is not possible to draw any conclusions about the use of magnesium in the prevention of leg pain due to rest pain.
We found one study that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry (e.g. cycling) programme with usual care in 14 adults with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The quality of evidence is very low due to limitations in the study methods and imprecision in the results. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the use of strength training in SMA due to the very low-certainty of the evidence. We need well-designed, large-scale, and well-conducted studies in which we are able to fully assess the benefits and harms of this intervention.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that surgery for spondylotic radiculopathy is better than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in the short-term, but not in the long-term. There is not yet a sufficient amount of evidence to be sure that surgery is effective in the longer term. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results and we are not able to draw any conclusions at this time.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of the use of this service on health care services. We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and one quasi-RCT (ITIS) that met the criteria of the review. Six of the RCTs were conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one each in Australia, New Zealand and the USA. In general, at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. The results of the studies showed that when healthcare professionals (e.g. doctors) use the phone, it can reduce the number of patients who need to visit their GP's, the need for surgery and the frequency of out-of-hours visits to the hospital. However, the quality of the evidence for each of these results is low. Further research is required to determine the best use of the service.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI for the prevention of alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some evidence for the use of MI in preventing alcohol misuse, we found that the effect sizes were too small, and the quality of the evidence was too low. Moreover, the effects of MI were not consistent for all misuse measures (e.g. binge drinking and frequency of use of alcohol). None of the studies assessed harms caused by MI. We found no clear effect of MI on the number of days/week that were consumed (2.74 days to 2.52 days) or the amount of alcohol consumed (13.7 per week to 12.5 per week). We found that there was no difference in the frequency of drink-taking (1.36 per day to 0.10 per week) or other risky behaviour (1% to 2% per day) between those who received MI and those who did not (4% to 8% per year). However, we did not find clear effects on binge drinking (0.04 per year) or average BAC (0% to 10%). The quality of evidence was low for most of the outcomes, which means that any effect might be over-estimating the true effect.
We found 29 randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 adults and children. The duration of the studies ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most of the people in the RCTs had asthma, and the duration of follow-up ranged from 1 to 4 weeks. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. Most studies were conducted in high-income and low-income countries, and most were of high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. high risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We found that most of the interventions provided some short-term improvement in lung function, although not all of them were of long-term benefit. Inhaled nitric oxide (NO) was the most common type of drug used to help patients change their inhaler technique. We found no evidence about harms. Some studies did not report on flare-ups (flare-ups), which could be used to assess the severity of asthma exacerbations; others did not provide this information. We rated the quality of the evidence for most studies as low or very low. This was due to limitations in the way some studies were designed and performed, and in the methods used in some studies.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of mannitol in patients with ischaemic stroke. Mannitol was found to be safe and well-treatable. There are three small trials, involving 226 participants. One of the studies (the other two) was of ischaemia stroke, and the other study was of ICH. Data were not available in any of the trials for the main outcome measure (death and disability). The results of the ICH study were not reported. We conclude that there is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mennitol as a routine therapy in acute stroke patients.
This review found that D-penicillamine appears to be as good as other anti-rheumatic drugs and has the same effect on rheumatoid arthritis symptoms, although with more side effects.
We found four randomised trials. All of them were of low quality. All four of them used a decoction (decoction) of Chinese herbs (Huangqi compounds) as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three of the studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, while the fourth was compared with two other Chinese herbs, Astragalus spp.). None of the trials reported on primary outcome. There was a reduction in the number of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi compounds were used in addition to chemotherapy. There were also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count < 3 x 10^9 per L) and an increase in the percentage of T-lymphocyte subsets (CD3; CD4 and CD8). Huangqi herbs had no effect on Immunoglobulins G, A or M.
We found three RCTs with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of disease. One of the trials looked at the use of vitamin A alone, one of them looked at DHA alone, and the other two looked at vitamin A and DHA. All three of the studies were of low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted). None of the other studies had a method for randomising people to the treatment or to the control group. No adverse events were reported in any of the three studies. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with Vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field at one year, the change in ERG height at five years, or the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Further research is needed to find out if vitamin A or DHA is a good way to treat RP. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
We found three RCTs with 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in two ways: first, by evaluating work changes (e.g. changes to the length of work, changes in work, or changes in the way the work is done) and second, by providing any person-directed interventions, such as vocational counselling, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments (two RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions (six months) over six months. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The quality of the evidence was very low for job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. This was due to the risk of bias in the studies.
We found three randomised trials that included a total of 285 preterm neonates (140 in the arginine group and 140 in the control group). The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 February 2019. We found that the use of ARginine reduces the risk of NEC (any stage) in preterm babies born preterm. It is not possible to say whether or not it reduces the rate of NEC due to any cause. The quality of the evidence for the primary outcome (NNTB) was high. This means that six preterm infants would need to be treated with arginin to avoid one case of NEC. We did not identify any side effect attributable to arginines. No side effects due to ARginines were reported in the three trials. We assessed the overall quality of included studies as good.
This is an update of the previous version of the Cochrane sinusitis review, published in 2013. We found no new randomised trials in this update. We included four trials with a total of 1943 participants. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and looked at the use of INCS for either a single dose or as an add-on to antibiotics for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that people who received INCS were more than twice as likely to have symptoms resolved or improve in the short term as those who received placebo (73% with INCS and 66% with no INCS). Higher dose (200 µg with mometasone furoate) was better than 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% CI 1.02 to 1.18) but the quality of the evidence for this was low (RR 0.98 to 0.11). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrences rates for the two treatment groups and for the higher dose (300 µg) and dose groups. We conclude that we are uncertain as to whether INCS should be used as a single treatment or used as an adjuvant to antibiotics.
The review found that the use of prophylaxis with vancomycin reduces the rate of both nosocomial sepsis in the neonate and coagulase (blood-letting) in the infusate. There are too few babies born too low birth weight for any benefit to be proven. There is a concern about the development of resistant organisms with the administration of antibiotics, but there is not enough data to be sure of the risks.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found no new randomised trials. We found 14 studies on dressings or topical medications used for wounds healed by the skin. There are a total of 13 RCTs on dressments or topical medicines used for wound healing after an amputation. All of the studies were of poor or very poor quality. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether the choice of dressing or the use of a topical analgesic affects the healing of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. One small study of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze does not suggest that the wound healing is delayed, but the results of this trial are not clear (there was a large loss to follow up). There were no trials of other analgesics or antiseptics, such as aspirin, which are commonly used in the treatment of amputation wounds. There was one trial of a plaster cast, which showed a faster wound healing with gauze than with elastic compression (25.60 days, 95% CI -49.08 to -2.12 days). However, there were no differences in wound healing for other treatments (11 trials).  PAIN: Gauze caused more pain for patients than other dressings (4 studies).  COSTS: Patients used gauze and its use are inexpensive but its use is linked to significantly more nursing time than foam (2 study).  LENGTH of hospital stay: There was no difference in length of stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied (30.10 days; 95%CI -4982 to -10.38).
In 2014, we found seven new randomised trials for a new total of 11.82 women. Four of the trials looked at pills (pills and an etonogestrel implant), and three of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and a LNG-releterium implant. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four trials of pills or IUDs. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. For breast milk volume, two of eight trials (1482 women) showed a negative effect on lactation. One trial (124 women) reported a positive effect on breast milk. The other four trials (124 participants) showed no difference between groups. A COC study showed a reduction in lactation in the placebo group but did not report on breastfeeding duration. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG+IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days compared to the nonhormonal IUD group. In one trial, the COC group had a lower rate of breastfeeding at one year than the control group. Of four trials that looked at infant growth, three (involving three types of pills) did not show a difference. One study showed greater weight gain in the etonic implant group compared to no method but less with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied pills, pills, and LNGs. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The overall were of low or very low risk of bias.
This is an overview of 10 randomised trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. We found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing the risk of death from any cause. However, we found that most of the reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance (i.e. the fact that most studies did not adjust for RTM or spillover). We are not able to draw any conclusions about the safety of these devices due to a lack of data.
This is a Cochrane Review of the Cochrane Thromboembolism and DVT study. We found four studies with 494 participants. Three of the trials, which included 383 participants, looked at the use of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for patients with DVT aged 18 years or over, and the other three studies, which involved both inpatients and outpatients, focused on the effectiveness of a 5-mg Warfarin nogram for the prevention of blood clots. We were not able to pool the results of the studies as it was not possible to perform a subgroup meta-analysis (i.e. we did not have sufficient data to do so). One study showed that a 10 mg warfarinsure is more effective than a 5 mg nogram in patients with VTE aged 18 to 20 years old. However, we are uncertain as to whether 10 mg is better than 5 mg because the results were imprecise and the number of participants in the control group was too low. We are not confident that 5 mg is as good as 10 mg for the reduction of blood clotting problems caused by DVT. We do not know which is the best dose to use for prevention of clotting. This is based on three studies with 362 participants. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most outcomes.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (over 65 years of age) who had had a hip fracture. We found seven RCTs with a total of 555 participants. None of the trials were designed to specifically look specifically at the prevention of delirium or disability in adults. All of the participants in the trials had different types of hip injury. The follow-up in the studies ranged from the point of admission to hospital up to 24 months after the end of hospital stay. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 February 2019. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was low-certainty that the use of enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital may reduce rates of postoperative deliria and the length of stay for those who received this care. However, the certainty of these results is low. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the interventions on activities of daily living and functional performance due to the lack of available data. We considered all of the studies to be at high risk of bias (i.e. they were not designed to look at the same aspects of health care as those in the control group). We found low- and very low-quality evidence that some of the treatments (e.g. enhanced care) may reduce the rate of postopaedic-led care for those with a hip injury who have been treated for a hip bone injury. We down-grade the evidence for all outcomes to low/very low. There is a need for more research to be done to find out the best way to treat people with hip injuries.
We searched a wide range of databases to find randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found seven RCTs with a total of 840 participants. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of home-based care for children with acute or chronic illness. We found that home care does not seem to reduce the need for the child to be cared for in the hospital, or the rate of children who need to be readmitted to hospital. However, there is a reduction in the length of time the child needs to be in hospital when home care is provided. This may be due to parents not knowing when or how to care for their child. We do not know if home care reduces the child's need for care in hospital. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the cost of home care as it was not assessed in any of the seven studies. Further research is needed to find out if home based care is a good way to treat children with a range of health problems.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared ICM with non-ICM in adults with schizophrenia. We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 7524 participants. We found that ICM probably makes little or no difference in the number of days spent in hospital compared to non-icM. When ICM was compared with standard care, we found that when we looked at the data from 24 RCTs, ICM may make slightly more people spend days in hospital (three times per month) than standard care. ICM may reduce the need for people to be cared for at least three times a year (two times per year) as well as the rate at which they are cared for (one-third per year). We are uncertain about the effect of ICM on the rate of death by suicide. There was some low- to very low-certainty evidence that people who were cared for by ICM were less likely to be depressed than those who were not cared for. Finally, there was low-quality data from 13 RCTS, which showed that leaving the ICM treatment early (early) may be more effective than care given to people who are not care for the care provided to those who are care for care. This means that we are not sure if ICM is better or worse than care as compared to care as part of the mental health services. Also, we were not able to draw any conclusions about whether or not ICM reduces the rates of leaving the intervention early or the rate for care as we did not find any studies that looked at this. In general, the quality of the evidence was low or very low. This was due to a high risk of bias in the studies. It is not clear whether ICM helps or harms people with schizophrenia, or whether it does or does not help. Further research is needed to find out which is the best ICM, and how ICM can best be delivered. The evidence is up to date to January 2016.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2013. We found 16 randomised studies (involving 434 participants) that looked at the use of box training in laparoscopy. All but one of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). The results of this review are uncertain as to whether box training is beneficial or not. Overall, we found that the time taken to complete the task was shorter in the box trainee group than in the control group (8 trials; 249 people). The box trainees in the training group also had lower error scores (3 trials; 69 people), and better quality of life (3 studies; 73 people). However, we did not find any difference between the groups in any of the other outcomes that we looked at (e.g. death, illness, or adverse events). None of the secondary outcomes (such as death, adverse events) were reported in the trials. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from very low to high. This is due to limitations in the design of the studies.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. Two studies were included in the review. One of the studies (17 patients) compared hydrocortisone with saline (saline) and the other (18 participants) compared budesonide with prednisone (18 patients). Both studies reported on adverse events (pancreatitis with septicaemia, fever, and septa). Key results  The results of the review indicate that the use of the peroral corticostomy tube seems to cause severe adverse effects. Further research is needed to find out the best dosage, duration, and route of treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of early (before 6 November 2013) versus late (after 6 November 2014) nutrition support for patients with acute renal cancer. We found a trend towards a trend in the benefits of early feeding compared with late feeding in terms of survival and disability at the end of follow-up. There were no deaths in either group in seven trials (284 patients) and the risk of death with early nutrition support was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). There was no difference in the number of patients who died or had adverse outcomes with early or late nutrition support. In one of the trials, gastric (gastric) and gastro-oesophageal (joint) nutrition were compared. No deaths were observed in the gastric group and the rate of death was not reported in the gastro-esophagus group. Further research is required to find out the best time to provide nutrition and what dose should be used.
We included 57 randomised studies with a total of 34,390 participants. The main sources of bias were from the attrition of participants (36% and 21%) and from not being able to blind them (i.e. not knowing whether they were in the intervention group or not) (high risk of bias). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which showed that people who took part in digital interventions had about 23 g alcohol per week less than those who did not take part (about 3 UK units per week). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that those who took a digital intervention had less than one drinking day per month less than people who received no intervention control (about 10 g per week), 15 studies (3587 people) showed about one binge drinking session less per month, and in 15 trials (9791 people) participants drank one unit per occasion less than participants who were not in the control group (about 1 unit per episode). Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital with face-to-face interventions. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end of follow up (about 0.52 g/week). Thus, these studies showed that the effects of these interventions were broadly the same as those of those that did not. None of the interventions caused any harm. We did not find any studies that looked at whether any harm was caused by the interventions. The BCTs of 'Wanting to change' interventions, which are aimed at changing behaviour, were the most commonly used in the studies. In a multivariable model, we found that people using a BCT were more likely to drink up to three (three) more drinks per week more than those not taking a beta-blocker. We found that the quality of the evidence was moderate. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to limitations in the methods used in some studies.
We searched for all randomised studies that compared benzodiazepines with placebo in the short-term. We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants. Of these, 2124 were randomised to benzodiazapine and 1475 to placebo, and the other 634 to other active treatments. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the findings, and that the true result may differ a lot from the results of this review. The findings of our review are based on a small number of studies, which do not have a high risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and high dropout rates from the studies. We are not able to draw any conclusions at this time about the long-term benefits and harms of these drugs due to the lack of data. The choice of the drug to receive should be made on the basis of the patients' preference and should therefore be guided by the clinician's preference.
We found 13 randomised trials (involving 1520 adults) that compared tai chi for CVD prevention. All studies were short term (three months or less) and none of them were long term (more than one year). Seven of the 1520 people included in the review were healthy, the other seven were high risk of falling (e.g. high blood pressure, high blood lipids), or people with high blood pressures (hypertension). All of the people in the studies had been in the CVD group for a long time (from around 60 to 75 years). All studies had at least one area of unclear risk of bias (i.e. the methods used to assign participants to treatment groups were not as well described as we would wish), and some of the studies were at risk of selective or imprecision of the results due to the way they were reported. There were no long-term trials of tai Chi for the prevention of CVD. We found that taichi does not seem to be a good way to reduce the risk of heart attack or stroke, or the rate of death from any cause. We did not find any data on death due to any cause, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most of the trials were short-term (all studies had a follow-up of one year or less). There was not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of Tai chi on CVD risk factors such as blood pressure control, lipid levels, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterolemia (LDL-C) 95%, high-dose-cholesterol (HDL) 98%, triglycerides 75%, and lipid levels. There was no difference in lipid levels between groups. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai hai improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There is a need for longer-term research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of family-based intervention. We found 28 RCTs that met our criteria for the review. Twenty-three of them were from the USA, two from Europe, one from Australia and one from India. We were able to extract all the data from all of the studies, but we were not able to use them in a way that would allow us to pool them. There were a lot of differences in the methods of the interventions, the types of children who received them, the age of children at baseline and the length of the follow-up. Most of the people in the studies had at least one risk of bias (i.e. high or low risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). There was a wide range of interventions. Most studies looked at interventions targeted at the child, and in particular at the parent. There was some low- to middle-income country (Bangalore, Nepal, Nepal) and some high-income (Zanzibar, Bangladesh) country (Cochrane, Kenya, Pakistan) country. The quality of the evidence for most interventions was low or very low. This means that we are uncertain about the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three small, short-term (eight days) studies (involving 451 participants) that looked at the effects of corticosteroids in adult cancer patients. We found that dexamethasone and metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and darbepoetin were both well-treatments. We did not find any studies that looked specifically at the effect of dexamithasone on symptoms of cancer (e.g. nausea). We found very low-quality evidence which did not show that corticostomies work well in cancer patients with symptoms other than cancer, and that they do not work in patients with cancer with cancer that is not cancer. We need more research to find out if corticotheroids work in cancer, or if they are safe. We downgraded the quality of the evidence from high to very low due to imprecision (i.e. we did not have enough data to be sure that the studies were of high or very low quality) and the small number of people in them.
We included 10 RCTs of high-risk children (aged six to 18 years) who received antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four cystic fibrosis ( 429), one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (n = 160) and low birth weight neonates (40). The duration of the studies ranged from seven days to three years. We were not able to assess the effects of antibiotic prophylaxis on mortality with any of the antibiotics. There was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic (pneumococcal) bacteria in the lungs with the use of antibiotics. In one study, a lower rate of children with pneumococcal septicaemia (low white blood cell count) was reported with antibiotic propsylaxis. In the other study, the rate of admission to hospital (per child-year of follow-up) was lower with co-tricyclic antibiotics (P < 0.01). There was no increase in the number of adverse events due to antibiotics. We did not find any evidence of an increase in antibiotic resistance. We assessed the quality of the evidence from the studies as moderate.
We included nine RCTs (involving 519 participants) that compared the use of nitrous oxide, helium, or room air in people undergoing laparoscopically planned laparoscope surgery. We did not find any trials on other types of gas. We found that there was not a lot of evidence to show that nitrous acid (three trials) or the room air (one trial) was better than carbon dioxide. There were no cardiopulmonary complications (two studies) or serious adverse events (three studies) in people who received nitrous sulphate or carbon dioxide pneumoperitoneum. We could not combine data from one of the trials (140 participants) which showed that patients had less pain on a scale of 1 to 10 with nitrous sulfate at various time points on the first postoperative day compared with those who had carbon dioxide sulphate. Four trials (69 participants) and one trial (75 participants) showed that there were no major adverse events in the group of patients who had a room air inhaler. One trial (70 participants) suggested that room air inhaled air may be better than the air air group. The quality of the current evidence is very low. There is a need for more research on this topic. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019.
In this review, we aimed to find out which is the best drug dose for the prevention of BPD in preterm babies born preterm. We found 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating dexamethasone (a corticosteroid). We did not find any RCTs of other corticostomies (prednisolone) or of other drugs used to prevent BPD. This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found no new relevant RCT. The evidence is up to date as of 4 November 2016. Eight RCTS were included in this review. Key findings  We were not able to combine the results of all the trials due to variation in the quality of the evidence. Overall, we found that a high dose versus a low dose of the drug (high dose) was the most likely to reduce BPD and the number of babies with BPD, and a moderate dose (low dose) did not.  Similarly, a higher dose (10 mg per day) and a lower dose (6 mg per dose) were the most commonly used treatments for BPD (4% versus 3% per day). In conclusion, we did not identify the best dose of corticotherapies for the treatment of preterm neonatal BPD; the best dosage, the safest dose, or the most effective timing of treatment (i.e. whether the drug is used in the first six to 12 weeks of life). Despite the fact that some studies showed a trend in favour of higher-dose regimens, we were not confident that this was the best treatment for preterm BPD due to the lack of long-term data in most studies. Therefore, we are unable to make any conclusions about the optimal dosage, or the best time to use the drug for preventing BPD in preterm infants. A large, well-designed large RCT is required.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that corticosteroids such as prednisone, hydrocortisone or dexamethasone did not seem to reduce the risk of heart valve disease in patients with rheumatic fever. However, all results should be viewed with caution due to the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New randomised trials are required to assess the effects of corticostomies (prednisone and methylprednisolone) in rheumatoid fever.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane Review, first published in 2010. We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. There is some evidence from one of the trials that the use of insecticide spray reduces trachoma, but this effect was not found in two of the other trials that used the same type of insecticides. One study found that another type of drug, the latrine provision, is a safe and effective measure for people living in low- and middle-income countries, although the effect of this drug has not been confirmed in a more recent study. Another of the studies found that health education reduced the number of people who had a urine test for the first time. However, these findings were not confirmed by a third study, which found that a low-cost health education programme with a modest amount of water supply did not reduce the rate of urine tests for urine tests. All the studies had some problems in the way they were designed and performed. We are not able to recommend any single drug over the other.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that CBT is better than usual care for people with CFS. CBT reduces fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more efficacious in the short-term (six weeks) and long-lasting (eight weeks) with 40% of CBT and 26% of usual care groups. There is a lack of evidence on whether CBT works alone or in combination with other treatments, and we are not able to draw any conclusions at this time.
We found one randomised study (involving 46 people with sickle cell disease) that looked at the use of vitamin D in relation to HbSS, HbSC, and HbSβ+thal. The study was carried out in the USA. Twenty-five of the 46 participants were included in the study and the other 19 were in the placebo group. The participants were randomised to receive either vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (n = 20) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcome of pain, and low for the outcomes of adverse events (e.g. tingling of lips or hands) and number of pain days (i.e. days with pain equal to or less than 4.5 on a scale of 0 to 100). The study did not have a high dropout rate in the treatment group, which was high in the 'placebo' group. There was no difference in the frequency of pain between the vitamin D and placebo groups at eight weeks, but this was not significant at 16 weeks, or at 24 weeks, respectively. The vitamin D group had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the control group. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 June 2019. The one included study had a high risk of bias with regards to the way it was designed and performed. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We were not able to combine the results of the study due to the number of patients who dropped out before the end of the trial.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of children and adults with CAS. We found only one RCT (26 children aged 4 to 12 years) that met our criteria for the review. The children in the RCT had mild to moderate CAS. Treatments were given in a range of one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a clinic in Australia. Children received the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (reST) (both speech and language pathologist-led). Children were selected for one of the treatments by a method similar to the toss of a coin so that the treatments were compared to each other. Children were allocated to one of these treatments in one-month post-therapy. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 June 2018. The Nuffley Dyspraemia Programme-2 (NDDP-1) is a group of speech and behavioural therapies that aim to help children with CAS to learn to use their voice. The RCTs in this review are based in the UK and the USA and are of high quality. Both NND-3 and ReST are aimed at improving the use of the word 'cognition' in relation to CAS. However, we are not able to say whether or not either is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We are unable to say if one treatment is superior to the other. There is a need for more studies to be carried out to find out which is the best way to treat CAS. The quality of the evidence for the main outcome is low. This means that we are uncertain about the results.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. In 2013 we searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antibiotics in people with retinochoroiditis. We found only four RCTs that included a total of 268 participants. One of them was from the US, and the other three were from Brazil. All four of the studies were of low or unclear risk of bias due to poor reporting. One study was of pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one was of trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol for four weeks; and in the last one we looked for the last three studies. All of the participants in the US and UK studies had an acute (tricyclic) treatment for at least eight weeks. In the US study of phuperium, which was conducted in both adults and children, we found that the risk of a new episode of toxoplasminitis was lower in the treatment group compared with the no-treatment group. Only one study in Brazil reported the effect of antibiotics on visual acuity. In this study all of the patients in the control group had an active retinochingoroidsitis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days. We judged these three studies to be at a mixture of high and low risk of systematic error (i.e. at high risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). We judged the quality of the evidence for the other studies to range from low to very low. There is currently no good evidence that antibiotics are effective in the long term for any part of the retina. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that nails are better than fixed angle plates for some trochanteric (of the thigh) and sub-muscle bone fractures. However, nails are more painful to use and have been used for many years. This review of 43 randomised trials found that there are too few data to be able to draw conclusions about which is the best nail for these fractures. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which nail is best.
We searched for all randomised trials that looked at this question. We found only one study that met our criteria. It looked at 47 women who had received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical treatment with octreotide (20) and looked at survival and death from any cause. Although six (22%) of 22% of women who received surgery and three (11%) of 11% who did not had surgery died. However, the size of this effect was not reported. The quality of life of the patients was not assessed. Quality of life (QoL) was not described or any adverse events reported. We are not able to draw conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of surgery for women with ovarian cancer because we did not find one relevant study.
This is a Cochrane review of four randomised trials involving 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. There was no good evidence that statins improved the rate of regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the oral contraceptive pill (OCP). There was also no effect on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins improved lipid levels (LDL) and triglycerides (a type of lipid) but had no significant effect on high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels, high-quality C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), high sensitivity (HS) serum or fasting insulin (HOMA) serum. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess clinical outcomes.
This is an update of the original review, which was published in 2013. We found no new studies for the first time. We identified 1330 articles in a wide search of the literature, and retrieved all of them in full. However, none of them were of high quality and we were not able to include them in the review. We searched for randomised controlled trials (studies in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared) of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We did not find any new research. This review found that there are too few randomised trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of any of the treatments. There is a need for a randomised study to assess the benefits and risks of patalative treatment for vaginal blood loss in patients with cancer.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of temozolomide in the management of glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) in both adults and children. Patients with GBM were selected for one treatment or the other by a method similar to the toss of a coin so that the treatments were given in both treatment arms. We found 3 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling a total of 745 patients that looked at the benefits and harms of the drug in GBM. One RCT (involving 672 patients) found that when given with other drugs (radiosurgery) more patients lived longer and had a longer time to progression of the GBM cancer than those who were treated with radiotherapy alone. Adverse events occurred at similar rates in both arms. In the older, 2 RCTs of 664 patients found that in the short term, people lived longer with temozoomide alone but had more adverse events than in those patients who were given radiation therapy alone.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that had looked at the effectiveness of interventions to improve the health of health systems managers. We found only one study that met our criteria for the review. This study was performed in a rural part of the world (the 'district health system') and found that contracting-in may increase the use of health care services (e.g., use of antenatal care) by 28% and use of the health services by 14%). The other study was conducted in a high-income country (Cambodia) and provided low-quality data on the effects of contracting-in for the health system. It found that in three countries in Latin America, health system managers who did not take the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more adverse outcomes than those who took the training course. We did not find any studies that aimed to find out if these interventions helped to keep the managers who work in the districts in which they work. Other interventions that might be useful to keep health systems staff in place such as: (1.) policies and guidelines for health services; (2.) policies for health care professionals; and (3) in-servent workshops with on-site support. We were not able to find any randomised trials that looked at interventions to help to keep managers in place and to keep them in place. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three studies that involved 123 people. All three of the studies reported on deaths, and deaths occurred in two of them. There was no clear difference in the risk of death in people who received surgery compared with those who did not. However, the numbers of deaths in the group that did not receive surgery and in the control group were too low to be clear. People who had surgery were less likely to have pneumonia, chest deformity, and tracheostomy (an airway open) when they did have surgery. They had less chest pain, chest tightness, body pain, and adverse effects when they had surgery. We did not find that there were differences in the length of time that people were on the ventilator, length of stay in the ICU, or the time that they were in the hospital. We do not know if surgery is better than no surgery in terms of the number of deaths, duration of ventilation, and length of ICU stay. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to treat people who are in need of surgery.
Cerivastatin is used world-wide as a lipid-lowering drug and is most commonly used in the treatment of heart attacks and strokes. It is commonly used for at least three to 12 weeks and has been used for many years. We found fifty randomised and quasi-RCTs (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after) in 12,877 adults who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without heart attack or stroke. The quality of the evidence is high. The evidence is up to date as of 4 November 2015. The dose-related effects of the drug are found to be high. When compared to fluvastatin, atorvastarin and rosuvastirin, the dose-effect of the drugs is likely to be about 250-fold more potent than placebo (i.e. a pill) at the dose of 0.8 mg/day, 20-% more strong (20%) more effective (20%), 20% more potent (10%) and 6% stronger (14%) at the current dose of 4.5 mg per day. This is based on data from 19 short-term and long-term (three to 12-week) randomised controlled trials. There was no dose-specific risk of side effects with the drugs. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drugs and the placebo in 11 of 19 short term trials. The risk of drop-outs due to adverse side-effects was not different in 11 out of 19 of the 19 trials included in this meta-analysis. We did not have a good estimate of the risk of harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side-side-effects in 42% of the studies. We judged the evidence for these harms to be of high quality.
We included 28 studies with a total of 6851 patients. Risk of bias for most studies was unclear to low. For most studies, we rated the risk of bias as low to very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. Most of the studies compared remote ischaemic preconditioning by iliac clamping to control. We reran the search in January 2017. We will deal with the one study of interest when we update the review. We did not find any new studies. We found that the use of a cuff is a safe method and probably makes little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine levels at postoperative days one, two, or three. It is not clear whether the need for dialysis is reduced. We are not sure whether the rate of side-effects is lower in the group of patients who use a cuff. However, we are uncertain about whether the frequency of side effects in this group is lower than in the control group. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes ranged from very low to high. The main reason for this was that most studies did not report all outcomes in a way that allowed us to assess them.
We found 12 randomised trials with 703 adults with a mean age of 65 years. Eight of the 12 trials looked at the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six of the eight trials with a total of 244 participants provided data that could be used in a meta-analysis (i.e. the effect on PSF). Four of the trials (248 participants) did not look at the effects on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of the interventions showed any benefit in the reduction of PSF. The duration of the fatigue was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups. However, this was not seen in trials that had used a more consistent design (randomised, quasi-blinded) or in the use of blinding of the outcome assessors (e.g. those who were aware of the treatment group and the control group) or both. We did not find any trials that looked at preventing PSF or other adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. The main reason for this was that many of the studies to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias (that is, overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We conclude that some interventions to treat or prevent tiredness after stroke are possible in some people with a stroke, but their efficacy should be assessed in large, well-conducted trials.
We found three studies (involving 74 preterm babies) that looked at treatments for hyperkalaemia. One of the studies (Hu 1999) showed that the use of glucose and the other two (malone 1991 and albuterol inhalation) showed a lower risk of death from all cause (all cause) than cation-exchange resin (four studies) at four hours and eight hours, respectively. In the study of Hu 1999, the risk of bleeding in the brain (cerebral haemorrhage) greater than grade 2 was lower (RR 0.30 (95% CI -0.10 to 0.93) than in the control group (RR 2.62 to - 0.08); RR 0.74 (95%) CI -1.09 to -022); NNTB 2 (95%; 1 to 5)]. In the studies of Malone 1991 (outcome) and Hu 1999 (outcomes) both showed a reduction in all cause deaths from all causes. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of insulin and glucose or albutinol (a drug used to treat high blood pressure). No firm conclusions can be made as to which is the best way to treat the condition of preterm infants with high blood blood pressure. Both the dose and duration of the intervention and the dose of the drug can be used. More research is needed to find out which method works best. The quality of the evidence is low to very low.
This review found that IVIg given after PE is as an add-on to treatment is as effective as PE alone in adults with acute PE. In children with mild disease, intravenous immunoglobulin is more effective than PE. The evidence is up-to-date as of 1 April 2015. The main results of this review are based on seven trials with a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was designed and performed). The quality of the evidence for the main outcome is high. The results of one trial with 21 children showed significantly more improvement in disability grade after four weeks with intravenous therapy than in the PE group. In another trial with 34 adults, the results of a trial with 249 adults showed that when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days, the mean improvement in the treatment grade was 0.2 points more in the intravenous treatment group. However, this result is based on only one small trial with a low risk of systematic error (ie, the true effect is likely to be close to the truth, but the true result is not true) and should therefore be viewed with caution. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with one or the other treatment. However in children, according to low quality evidence, the use of intravenous corticosteroids probably hastens recovery compared with supportive care alone. There were no trials in adults. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than one week after the end.
We found 28 randomised trials (9330 participants) that compared a high dose of oxygen to a low dose of placebo. We found that the number of deaths and the length of follow-up were similar in the high dose group and in the low dose group. We did not find a difference in the rate of all-cause death (death due to any cause) between the high and low dose groups. There was a 20% increase in the risk of death due to all cause in both the high-dose and low-dose groups. Similarly, there was no difference between the groups in the longest duration of treatment (up to 30 days) or in the most recent (longer-term) duration (30 days). There was no effect of the high dosage of oxygen on any of a range of complications, such as the need for respiratory support (respirators' coughs and wheezes), or length of stay (0.06 days). However, we found that in trials with a low risk of bias, the high doses of oxygen used during anaesthesia and surgery were not linked to an increased risk of dying from any cause. There were no differences in the rates of any-cause deaths (all-cause mortality) in the highest-dose group and the low-volume group. However, our findings are consistent with both a low- and high-risk of death from all causes. The quality of evidence was low to very low. The risk of adverse events, including death, may be increased by 60% or greater when a high percentage of oxygen is used. As the quality of the evidence is low, we are not able to recommend the use of a high fraction of oxygen.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared the use of antibiotics to treat OME up to 16 years of age. We found 25 trials with 3258 children. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 September 2016. The majority of studies (22) were of low to moderate risk of bias (i.e. low or very low risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). We found that children treated with antibiotics are more likely to have diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash than those who are not treated. We also found that these children are more unlikely to have a tube placed into their eardrum (e.g. the windpipe) for the first time (two to eight weeks). We did not find any data on the effect of antibiotics on speech, speech, language and cognitive development. None of the trials reported on short-term hearing (one to four weeks) or the rate of ear infections in the eardrums (one or more episodes of eardrops) (one trial, 103 children). We also did not identify any studies that looked at the impact of antibiotic use on other important outcomes such as speech, lip-tie (two trials, 1086 children) or quality of life (one study, 199 children). Most of the studies we found were conducted in the 1980s when antibiotics were not routinely prescribed to all children with OME. This means that we do not know if antibiotics are effective in treating otitis media. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to high.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of a low protein diet for adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found 12 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine the data from seven of these trials and found that a LPD diet reduces the rate of decline in the decline of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) by 0.1 ml/min/month (95% CI -0.1 to 0.3) in the LPD group. For type 2 diabetic, one of the trials showed a very small decrease in the rates of decline of GFR in the protein-restricted group and a second found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. One of the studies found that the actual protein intake in the intervention groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/day. One trial found that there was a slight decrease in GFR with LPD diets. We did not find any data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. The results of this review show that cutting down on the amount of protein in our food may slow down the risk of kidney failure. However, further longer-term research is necessary.
We found 19 randomised trials involving 3480 people with ABI. Twelve of the 19 studies were of good quality and seven of the trials were of low or very low quality. Most of the people in the trials had mild brain injury (12 studies), and the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes ranged from very low to high. In the subgroup of people with mild brain injuries, we found that most of them made a good recovery when they received the treatment they needed, without the need for any further treatment. For people with moderate to severe ABI, we also found that when they were already in rehabilitation, the use of a more intensive programme (more intensive treatment) appeared to lead to earlier functional gains (up to one year after treatment) and it could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. For patients with severe brain injury, we were able to combine the results of all trials and conclude that the group-based approach (group-based treatment) was the best way to treat patients with acute brain injury. We conclude that patients with mild to very mild ABI are more likely to make a good return to work if they are treated with rehabilitation. Those with severe to moderate brain injury benefit from regular follow-up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed.
We found one randomised study (involving 176 women) that looked at the use of rooming-in compared with mother-infant separation. We found no difference in the duration of any breastfeeding at six months of age (i.e. the time from the birth of the baby to the first day of life). There was no difference found in the number of babies who were not able to breastfeed at this age. The quality of the evidence was low. The rate of the rate of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was higher in the rooming group compared with the separate care group (86% compared with 17%). None of our other pre-specified outcomes were reported in the study. We did not find any evidence to support or refute the practice of using rooming to separate the mother and her baby. Further well-designed RCTs are needed.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of sanchi for people with ischaemic stroke. We found eight randomised trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality, and the length of treatment was less than one month in six of them. Data were limited in the follow-up time of the trials, which ranged from 0.5 to one month. Results from one of the studies indicated that participants who received sanchi had a lower rate of death and dependent at 28 days of treatment than those who did not, but the quality of the evidence was low. This means that the true result may be close to the truth, but we are not certain about it. The number of people who had a case of mild stroke (1% case fatality rate) was lower than 1% in the sani group, which means that people with mild strokes are likely to have a mild stroke. Few adverse events were reported in the eight trials. Overall, the review found that sanchic is safe and seems to be a good treatment for acute ischaemia stroke, but more research is needed to be sure of this.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up to date as of 4th September 2013. The Cochrane Oral Health Group ran an extensive search for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of implants placed in dental extractions. Only 7 RCTs could be found that met the criteria for inclusion in the review. There are a number of reasons why these studies were not included. 1. Most of the studies were small and had a high risk of bias (i.e. there were too few patients in the control group and too few in the intervention group). 2. Most studies were of poor or very low quality in terms of how they were designed and performed. 3. The quality of the evidence for each of the comparisons was very low. There is a suggestion that early (pre-insertion) implants may be at higher risks of implant failure and adverse events than delayed implants. However, on the other hand the aesthetic of the implants might be better when they are placed in teeth extraction sockets. 4. The review found that there is not enough evidence to say which is the best time to put the implant in, or how long it will be in, the first time, the second time or the third time that the implant is placed in an extraction socket.
The aim of this review was to find out whether clioquinol (a drug used to treat Alzheimer's disease) has any effect on cognition. We found only one randomised trial of PBT1, which compared PBT2 to placebo. There was no difference between the treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. One of the participants in the active treatment group had impairment in vision (impaired visual acuity) which resolved on the end of treatment. In the other, one of the patients in the control group had adverse effects (i.e. vision impairment due to the drug). We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the intervention group had a higher pre-morbid IQ than in the placebo group) and the secondary analyses of results (which are used to assess how well the drug works) of the trials. There is a lack of evidence to support the use of cliocinol for the treatment of people with Alzheimer's dementia. The planned phase III (where the drug is used for six weeks) has been abandoned. The second study showed that after 12 weeks this drug appeared to be safe and well-treatable in people with mild Alzheimer's symptoms. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate its use.
We found 36 studies with 2999 participants. Nineteen of these were in PAH, with some of them lasting as long as 12 months. Two of them were in children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear benefits in group 1 PAH. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this clinical setting. There was a moderate risk of adverse events such as headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, and muscle aches and joint pain with PDE inhibitors. We did not find any evidence of worsening hypoxia (low blood pressure) in those with PH due to lung disease. We found limited information on other PAH-specific drugs (pregabalin, darbepoetin, rituximab), which did not seem to cause any more harm. There is a need for more research in this area. We judged the certainty of the evidence for PAH to be high for most outcomes (outcomes) to be low due to imprecision of the results.
This is an update of the previous Cochrane review, which was published in 2013. We found one new study (45 participants) in a search of the literature in February 2015. In total we included 22 studies with a total of 2193 patients who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or elbow surgery. The studies were of good quality. The majority of the patients were male, ranging in age from 18 to 65 years. The duration of the anaesthesia procedures ranged from 3.5 to 12 hours. The number of patients in each group ranged from 19 to 98. The mean age of the participants ranged from 27 to 31 years. Most of the studies were conducted in the 1980s. The quality of the evidence was high for the main outcome of first-line anaesthesia failure, and was low for secondary analgesia failure, adverse events such as pain and pain, and adverse events. The main reason for the low quality of evidence was that many of the trials did not blind patients to the type of anaesthesia they received, which makes it difficult to be sure that patients in the control group was not aware of the group to which the participants belonged.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day for 7-12 months. All three of them used a dry powder (Diskhaler) and lasted between 7 and 12 months. In all three studies, a significant decrease in the growth of the child was seen in the short term (up to 5 cm per year). It is not clear whether this is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is stopped. We are not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are used to treat a child's asthma, we suggest that they should be used at the maximum dose necessary to control the child's symptoms and follow-up them for at least 4 to 6 months.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of APD and CAPD in terms of mortality, risk of peritonitis, need for catheter removal, leak in the catheters and admission to hospital. APD has not been shown to have a significant advantage over CAPD with respect to the outcomes of risk of death, hernias (chest pain), leaking of the catheter or need for removal of the PD catheter. There is a need for a randomised study (RCT) comparing CAPD and APD with a large number of patients.
This review found that CRT seems to be the best treatment for most early stage (I-II) hepatocellular carcinoma and that RT is the best for advanced stage (III to IV). For early stages (II to IV) CRT is better than RT in terms of OS, PFS and SM, but worse than IF-RT. However, more patients need to be treated with CRT than with RT. This is due mainly to the need for more surgery to remove the cancer from the liver. Further investigation is required to clarify the role of CRT in the future.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Most studies (22 out of 27) looked at the use of oral (oral) or transdermally (intracathecal) opioids, and one looked at transdermal (intraathecally) analgesics (transdermal analgesics). All three modes of administration reduced the amount of pain that participants felt. However, many patients stopped taking the drugs due to side-effects (like nausea and headache) or because they were too painful. Many of these patients were not able to take the drugs long-term due to adverse events (like rash). However, patients who are able to be able to stay on the painkillers for the rest of their life will have much less pain than if they are not allowed to take them. Whether they will have more pain than they need to be on painkillers and whether they will improve their quality of life or function is not clear. We did not find any studies that looked at opioid use for more than three months. We do not know if people who use opioids for pain relief in the short-term are more or less likely to be dependent on them for their pain relief.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared the effectiveness of oxandrolone (20 mg/day) with a placebo (sugar pill) in treating pressure ulcers. We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108). They were all male (100%, 104/104) and had a mean age of 57.3 years. The study was stopped early when the results of the study were reported. We are uncertain about the use of anabolic steroids in the prevention of ulcers healing due to the quality of the evidence. There was very low-certainty data on complete ulcer healing at the end of 24-week follow-up. This means that we are not able to be certain that the use is effective in preventing ulcers healed. There were low-quality data on the risk of non-serious adverse events, such as pain, length of stay in hospital, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of one type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. The quality of evidence in this review is very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised trials with a total of 8372 people. Four of the trials compared the use of email to standard mail and the other two to usual care. We did not find any data on healthcare professionals or harms. The quality of the evidence is weak. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one area. We conclude that there is a need for high-quality research in this area.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that an Epley manoeuvre alone is effective in just under 80% of patients with typical BPPV. There was no difference in the effect of adding postural restrictions to the manoeuvre. However, it is important to note that this was done in a small number of patients (10%) and the addition of postural restriction did not lead to a large improvement in the quality of life of those patients. There were no reports of any side effects from the use of posturals. There is not enough data to be sure that applying mastoid oscillation to the neck of patients who wear a cervical collar is a good way to improve their symptoms.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2015. We found no new studies. We included four studies with a total of231 adults with nasal polyps. All of the adults had chronic rhinosinusitis with rhinoitis of the nose. All studies compared one type of surgery with a different type and dose of steroids and antibiotics. There were three different types of surgery: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) (one study, 109 adults); (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 adults); and (3) ESS plus topical corticosteroid (topical corticostomy) versus antibiotics plus high-dose (high-dose) topical steroid (one trial, 35 adults). All people in the studies received both types of treatment. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies, the quality of the results was similar. There was no difference in quality of life between the groups. Epistaxis was the most common reported adverse event with both treatments, with very few cases of this type reported. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the use of the nasal polyp on recurrences (recurrences are episodes in which the nose is re-cleared). We found very low- or low-certainty (i.e. quality of evidence is low or very low) results for all of the outcomes. As the overall evidence is of very low quality, we are not able to draw firm conclusions as to which is the best way to treat this condition.
We included eight studies with a total of 710 participants. Seven of the eight studies were from the USA, four from Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and four from the UK. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four of the trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and the other four compared the same foods containing other nutrients/factors (such as iron, iron, or other micronutrients) with the same food without zinc (comperison 2). All of the interventions lasted from one to nine months, and most of them were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, and Europe. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised trials of foods fortified with zinc. We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that the use of zinc in wheat flour did not lead to a reduction in the percentage of people with low weight and stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of adding zinc to iron supplements (i.e. wheat flour added to other foods such as maize flour) when compared with those who did not have zinc in their wheat flour. There were no reports of adverse effects on iron or copper levels. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of participants in each trial.
This is a Cochrane review of 11 randomised controlled trials involving 3060 men with prostate cancer. Evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. We found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogens in men with metastatic prostate cancer is less favourable for overall survival (five studies, 2067 men) and the rate of cancer-specific survival (one study, 1845 men) as well as treatment failure (four studies, 1539 men) when compared with medical or surgical castration. We also found that men who used non-estoidal drugs have more adverse events, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia (joint pain) and hot thrush (eight studies, 2670 men), haemorrhage (two studies, 546 men), tiredness (one large study, 480 men), loss of sex drive (one small study, 51 men), weight gain (one medium size study, 49 men), and urinary frequency (one trial, 480 participants). The quality of evidence for the primary outcome (overall survival) was low due to risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of the drug) and imprecision due to imprecise results). For the secondary outcomes (over-treatments due to side-effects) we judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at screening for breast cancer. We found eight RCTs that included 600,000 women. The age range of the women ranged from 39 to 74 years. We did not find one RCT that compared the risk of death from breast cancer to death from any cause. The risk of breast cancer death at 13 years was 20% in the screened groups and 30% in those who did not, but the quality of the evidence was low. The number of women who had a mastectomy (mastectomy) and lumpectomy (an open surgery to remove part of the breast) was similar in screened and non-scheduled groups, as were the rates of cancer spread to the chest and other parts of the body (mastectomies and lumouromies). The use of chemotherapy (drugs used to treat cancer) was increased in both groups. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for each 1000 women screened, 10 women will be missed and more than 200 women will suffer from some or all of the symptoms for years. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to be screened, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in a number of languages on www.cochrane.org.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of hCG priming in IVM. We found four RCTs with a total of 522 women. One of the trials (involving 400 women) did not report the outcomes of women randomised, and so was not included in the review. The quality of the evidence was low. The main limitations were lack of blinding (i.e. women and staff were aware of the hCG dose) and imprecision (results from one or more of the studies were imprecise). When 10,000 units hCG was compared to no priming, we found no difference in the live birth rates (one RCT; 82 women) or the miscarriage rate (two RTCs; 282 women). We found that hCG may reduce the chance of becoming pregnant (22% of women who did not get hCG) compared to 23% of the women who got hCG. However, we did not have enough data to be sure of this. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions (such as pain due to the drugs) or on side-effects (such a as an allergic reaction to the drug) due to hCG, so we were not able to properly assess these. We need more research to find out the best dose to use, and the best timing to use.
This review found that ERT and HRT do not seem to help postmenopausal menopause women to live longer. It is not clear whether or not ERT or HRT help women with specific types of postmenopause (e.g. younger age < 60 years of age, type of manopause with or without a progestagen, mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) or dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can change treatment effects should be assessed in more detail.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared once-daily inhaled ICS/LABA versus LAMA in adults with COPD. We found one ongoing study (planning to recruit 80 participants) and one study that was completed but not yet published. Both of the studies were short-term (12 weeks) and used the same type of inhaled inhaled bronchodilator (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once a day; FF/VI) as LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). We are uncertain whether once-a-day inhaled corticosteroid or LAMA is superior to each other in terms of the number of deaths, COPD exacerbation (requiring short-burst (short-burst) oral steroids or antibiotics, or both), pneumonia, and the need for emergency intubation. We are not able to say whether one inhaler is better than the other as we did not find any trials that looked at this question. We do not know from our search if we will find any new studies in the future. We have not found any studies that are long-term enough to be able to answer our question.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of SSRIs and CBT in the treatment of BDD. We found four short-term RCTs (involving a total of 169 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. Results from one RCT of fluoxetine showed that the drug was better than placebo in treating BDD, with a low relapse rate (4/22) demonstrated in one trial of CBT. The results of the other three trials of clomipramine and clomine suggest that the drugs may be effective in treating patients with BDD; symptom severity was reduced in the RCT with a low rate of relapse (4%) in one of the studies. These results are based on only a small number of available RCTS. Further research is needed to confirm the efficacy of these drugs in the long term. In the short term, their use has been reported in one or more studies, but the quality of these studies was not high. Therefore, more research is required. There is a need for a large-scale, long-term randomised trial of SSRI drugs to be carried out. This is an update of one that was first published in 2006. This review has been updated in 2013.
The review of three trials found that cotrimoxazole desensitization when used as a rechallenge for prophylaxis of HIV-infected patients with a previous history of mild or high levels of hypersensitivity to the drug cepelopramide is more effective than rechallence for the same reason. No severe adverse reactions occurred for either of these drugs in the trials. However, the quality of the trials was low due to the small numbers of patients and low rates of follow-up. There is a need for more research in this area. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are necessary.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials of midazolam in neonates up to 28 days' postpartum. We found three studies (involving 148 neonates) that met our criteria for the review. Each of the studies showed a higher sedation level in the placebo group. However, none of the sedation scales used have been used in preterm babies (i.e. babies born preterm). We were not able to identify any trials in babies born premature. The duration of neonatal care in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was 5.4 days longer in the midazoleam group than in the control group (two studies, 89 neonates). One of the trials (43 babies) showed that the babies had less pain (on a scale of 0 to 100) when midazolyam was compared with dextrose (placebo) infusion. The other study (46 babies) found that there was a higher risk of adverse neurological events at 28 days of age (death, grade II or IV IVH or PVL) in the MidazolAM group compared with the placebo. We considered these studies to be of high quality. We did not identify any new studies for this update of the Cochrane review.
We found 12 studies with 767 participants. We are uncertain as to whether antibiotics are useful in the treatment of people with diarrhoea caused by Salmonella serovar due to the quality of the evidence. We found that there were no differences in the number of people who had a severe case of the disease at the two to four days after treatment. There were more side effects in people who received antibiotics. Antibiotics caused more adverse reactions (such as fever, pain, and abdominal pain) in the first week of treatment than in those who did not receive antibiotics. It is not possible to recommend the use of antibiotics for people with the most severe and severe cases of the condition. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 April 2015.
We included 23 studies (involving 4192 adults) in this review. All of the studies were of high risk of bias due to issues related to the test used for sepsis (i.e. the questionnaire used for blood tests). All of them were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, year of publication, and origin of infection. We considered all studies to be of low or very low quality due to inconsistencies in the results of the blood tests. If we test 1000 adults who are suspected of sepsitis with the blood test IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would be treated with antibiotics, while 130 people would be wrongly identified as having sepsic. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid the need for antibiotics, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. This means that if 1000 adults are tested with the test, we would expect that 50 out of 100 would be correctly diagnosed with sepsism, while the other 74 would be missed and would not be able to receive antibiotics. This is based on a range of 50% to 72% of the patients. We found that if we only looked at adults who have a normal white blood cell count (a measure of white blood cells) of 60 to 72 mmH₂) then we would find that the true result could be anywhere in the range of 0.05 mmh₃ to 0.99 mmh. We are not sure if this would be the case. We also do not know if the true answer could be as low as 0.03 mmh/L. We do not have precise answers to our question as to which is the best blood test for diagnosing sepsia.
We included 29 studies with a total of 5679 patients. All of the studies were of low or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a high risk of overestimation of the true effect of the dressings). There were 16 randomised trials (5718 patients) that compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure), and the rest of the trials (involving 25 patients) compared different types of dressings (film, silver, silver and hydrocolloid) or with each other. Four of the 29 studies were at low risk of systematic error (ie, there were too few participants in each group for us to be able to draw the true result). Most studies in this review were small and at a high or uncertain risk of reporting their methods. It is not clear whether the risk of surgical wound infection (SSI) is reduced with wound dressing (w wound exposure or any dressing) or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others (or both) in reducing the rate of SSI, improving scarring, reducing pain, providing pain-free pain relief to patients, or making it easier to remove from the wound. There was limited and low or very low confidence in the evidence for most of the outcomes (scarring, scarring and ease of removal). There was very low or low certainty in the results of the analyses for some of the other outcomes (e.g. quality of life, cost of dressing, quality of the wound, cosmetic outcomes such as how well the wound wounds heal, how well they heal, and if they heal). There is a need for more research to be done to find out the best way to dress surgical wounds.
We searched for randomised trials (in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared) on 30 November 2016. We found only one study (involving 179 women) that compared selenium to a placebo tablet. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large percentage of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This study did not report any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The other study (124 women) compared docosahexanoic acid (EPA) and eicosapentaogen acid (DHA) to placebo. Slenium, DHA and EPA did not seem to help women with postpartum depression. No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil or for DHA supplementation. We do not know if any of these drugs will help to prevent postbirth depression. We are not able to draw any conclusions at this time. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the use of anthracycline in adults or children with leukaemias or leukaemia. We found 11 RCTs (803 participants) that met our criteria for the review. Seven of the trials (5280 participants) were of short duration (four weeks or less) and four were of longer duration (six hours or more) and were of high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. high risk of systematic bias due to the way the study was designed and performed). We found that people with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 were less likely to have heart failure with a longer duration of six hours compared to those with a shorter duration of five hours. This is based on data from five of the 11 studies. We did not find a difference in the number of patients with heart failure when the dose of the anthratecline was six hours or greater compared to a shorter dose of five or less. However, we found that a longer dose of six hour or more reduced the risk of heart failure as well as the damage to the heart. There was not enough high-certainty data for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the length of time the drug was used. We also found that there was only one RCT available for the other identified peak dose, so we did not have enough data to be sure about the effects of the duration of the drug. We do not know if the duration used in this update of the review was the same as in the previous (2011) version of this review. We need more high-quality research on this topic.
We included 37 studies with 3110 adults and children with TBI. The age range of participants ranged from 0-65 years. Most of the people in the studies had TBI due to craniotomies (neck pain) or due to bleeding from the brain. The duration of treatment ranged from two hours to 24 hours. Most participants were adults and some were children. The number of deaths was low, 31% were unfavourable (death due to any cause), and 14% were pneumonia. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and length of follow-up in all study groups, but we did not combine these data in a meta-analysis. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and down-grade the results for the death and unfourable outcome to very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We were not able to assess risk of bias (i.e. whether the people taking part in the study were aware that they were in the treatment group or not) due to inconsistencies in the methods used in the trials.
The aim of this review was to assess the evidence for the effectiveness of this treatment. We found three high-quality and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 people with depression, which met the criteria for the review. We were not able to combine the results from all three of the studies due to inconsistencies in the methods used in some studies, and some imprecision in the results. However, we were able to make a combined analysis of the non-combined findings from three studies, which showed that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or a waiting list condition in the short-term (three weeks) for the treatment of depression, and in the longer term (six weeks). We conclude that there is not yet a good enough amount of evidence to be able to say whether or not the use of the form of therapy is effective. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of Duxil for people with Alzheimer's disease. Duxil was found to be well-treatable and safe for the short-term, but not long-term. There were no data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not performed in any of the trials. Due to the low quality of the three trials, small number of trials and low risk of bias, this review did not find enough evidence to support the routine use of duloxetine for the treatment of the condition. High-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This is a Cochrane review of seven studies with a total of 960 adults who had lymphadenectomy for lymphoma. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 February 2015. The studies were of mixed or low quality. The results of the review indicate that the use of a drain after axillary lymphadenotomy reduces the risk of the cancer being spread to the lymphoma, as well as the length of stay in the hospital. The risk of having a blood cancer is reduced when a drain is used to treat lymphoma after axolar lymphadenopathy. The benefits of using a drain should be balanced with the risks of an increased length of hospital stay.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that high levels of anthocyanin in the blood of patients with colorectal cancer have been found to reduce the risk of colon cancer and adenomas (cancer spread to the colon). However, there are too few studies to be sure about this. This review found that increasing the amount of procyanidin and phytoestrogens (flavan-3-ols) in the diet has not been shown to lower the rate of colon cancers in the colon. There is not enough evidence to be certain about the use of flavonoids in the prevention of coloresctal neoplasms. More research is needed.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised clinical trials that compared the duration of treatment for people with HIV/AIDS to 72 weeks or over, or both, for the virus to clear from the blood six months from the end of treatment. We found seven trials with 1369 participants. Five of the trials used the definition of 'pre-treatment' and three of them used both definitions. None of the studies mentioned our primary outcomes. The length of treatment was 48 weeks with peginterferon and ribavirin in five trials and 72 weeks with rituximab in the other. The duration of the treatment was 24 weeks in all but one of the other trials. All trials had high risk of systematic error (bias) and random error (play of chance). There were no deaths in any of the included trials. There was no reporting on death, the number of deaths due to any cause, or the rate of adverse events. There is a need for more studies to be done in this area.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared EUS in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have resectable cancer after laparotomy (surgery to remove part of the cancer) to see if they had cancer spread to the other parts of the body. We found only one study (34 participants) that met the inclusion criteria of this review. We were not able to combine the data from both studies due to each of them being too different from each other. There was low risk of bias in one study and unclear or high risk of high bias in the other study. Based on these results, we conclude that we do not know if EUS should be used routinely in the treatment of cancer patients who have cancer that is found to be surgically removed. We are uncertain as to whether EUS is useful in this group.
There were 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) included in this review: 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) included 1661 participants with the 'pre-erythematosus' blepharyitis, and 14 of them were with'myelitis mellitus' (MGD). Due to the heterogeneity of the studies, we were not able to pool their results. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for the blephariitis seen in the eye. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain for anterior and posterior blepharsitis. The effectiveness of other antibiotics, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were not clear. There is no strong evidence for the use of any of these treatments in terms of the cure of the condition. Most of the products used in the products are inexpensive and do not seem to be effective. However, they are all available in a range of countries and are used in a wide range of products. In summary, there are too few data to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness of the treatments. Further research is needed to evaluate the efficacy of such treatments. Any RCT designed for this purpose should include both types of condition (e.g. staphylitis or MGD) in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical bias (prevent type II errors).
We found one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study did not report any of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically). There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-certainty evidence). Side-effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. We did not find any other trials. We do not know from this one trial whether photodynamic therapies change the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent bronchitis due to RRP. There is a need for more research to find out the role of photodynamic treatments in the treatment of RRP patients.
We found 42 studies with 4220 participants. Most of the studies were of moderate to low quality. We found that in an endoleak surveillance programme CE-CDUS can be used as a first-line diagnostic test followed by CT scan only when the person with endoleaks (i.e. myelodyspepsia) is in need of surgery. We were not able to combine the results of all studies due to the small numbers of studies and the low quality of the data. Our analyses showed that for most of the diagnostic tests (with or without the use of contrast) there is a high risk of the test being wrong. For the outcome of CDUS, we found that CDUS appears to be superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. We also found that for the outcomes of diagnostic tests before and after administration of the contrast, we are satisfied that the test is accurate. We are not sure if CDUS is better or worse than CDUS. We do not know which of these tests is the best to use in the treatment of myeloid oedema.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, first published in 2013. We searched for evidence in February 2015. We found seven studies, with 766 women. Four of them used an intracutaneous (involving only the skin) injection, and one used a subcutaneous (subcutaneous) injection. All of them reported on low back pain in labour. Methodological quality of the studies was good, although four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and bias from the way they were designed and performed. All studies found greater reduction in pain for the treatment group. One study found that more women had pain of 50% or more (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no difference in the rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, forceps delivery, or forceps or ventouse delivery. No adverse events were reported other than short-term pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. We did not find any study that looked at women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, the health of women or their babies, rates of breastfeeding, maternal ill-health, maternal morbidity, or cost. The results of this review are based on a total of 766 participants. There is a need for more studies to be done to find out the best way to treat low back or any other labour pain.
We found 12 studies with a total of 1932 patients. Ten studies with 1418 patients compared glue to suture in Lichtenstein hernia repair. Ten of the studies (1418 patients) showed that glue reduced the rate of chronic pain in the suture group by 37% compared with suture. However, when we looked at the different types of mesh used in the mesh, we found that the reduction in the pain was greater with glue. The length of time that the wounds took to heal with glue and suture was about the same as with sutures. We did not find any difference in the recurrence of the hirsutism (scarring or swelling of the skin) with the use of glue. One of the trials (1009 patients) found that there was no difference in length of stay between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The risk of bias for most of the outcomes varied from low to high. Two studies were quasi-randomised (i.e. one study was funded by the manufacturer of the fibrin sealant) and the other study was large-scale (12 studies with 1393 patients). The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 January 2019.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that looked at the effects of the 'package' of interventions used by medical journals to improve their use. Only three of the studies were of high quality. We found three randomised controlled trials. All three of them were of poor or very poor quality. However there is some evidence that the 'covering' the errors in many of the articles in the journals does lead to an improvement in some of the titles and abstracts. We did not find any data on the impact of the interventions on the quality of the papers.
We included 15 studies with 721 patients with cancer pain due to a wide range of types of cancer. All studies compared codeine to a placebo (sugar pill) or to other medicines used to treat cancer pain. Most studies used codeine at a dose of 30 mg to 120 mg, and most used it at three times a day. We found that codeine is better than placebo in terms of the amount of pain reduction (50% or greater) and the duration of treatment (one to seven days) in the short-term, but with more side-effects (such as diarrhoea, nausea and constipation). There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer, in two of the studies. We did not find any data on children. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind (i.e. in which both the participants and the researchers knew which medicine was in the treatment group). We found only a few good quality (two-thirds) of the trials that were cross-over (where both groups received both treatment groups) and that were of short duration (up to three months) that showed a benefit of codeine over placebo. There were too few data for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the long-term safety and side-treatments for cancer pain caused by codeine.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised randomised trials up to April 2015. We found 12 trials involving 563 adults with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. Most of the participants were African-American. The duration of the interventions ranged from one hour to eight weeks, and the length of the intervention was from one to 12 months. The quality of the trials ranged from 'not very good' (i.e. low quality) to 'good' (1.0%). We found that the overall risk of bias in the trials was low, although it is not clear if this was the case in the control group. In addition, we found that participants and their healthcare providers knew when they were in the intervention group and when we removed the high-risk group from the analyses, the effect on patients' knowledge was greater than for those in the group that did not participate. This means that we are not sure if this is a true effect. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of health services. We do not know if education programs are helpful for patients with sickle cell disease or depression. We are not certain whether they are helpful in terms of symptoms of the illness (e.g. tiredness, pain, pain and pain) or quality of life. We have not found any data that are useful for patients or caregivers (or both) for self-care. We were not able to combine the results of the studies due to variation in the methods used in the studies. We rated the overall quality of evidence as low.
We found six studies with 2411 participants. All six of the studies were short-term (7 to 16 weeks), and all of them were of short duration (no more than 16 weeks). We found that brivaracetam, when used as an add-on drug to anti-convulsives for people with drug-resistant epilepsy, reduced the number of seizures by 50% or greater and helped them to be free of seizures compared with those who were treated with placebo. However, we found that people who took bribaracetam were more likely to withdraw from treatment due to adverse events than people who were given placebo. It is important to note that only one of the six studies included participants with a generalised (focal) seizure. None of the other five studies included people with focal seizures. All of the participants included in the trials were aged 16 to 80 years old. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias and four to have unclear risk of systematic error (i.e. one study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol). One study did not describe how blind the participants were to the treatment they received. One of the trials did not explain how blind people were, and the other two studies did not state how blind they were. In one study, both participants and researchers knew whether they were in the treatment group or the control group. In both trials, participants knew which treatment they were getting. We assessed the quality of the evidence for the main outcomes as low.
We found 38 studies, most of which focused on the use of the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. We have high confidence in the results of our meta-analysis. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. We found that in some parents, the amount of information they wanted and the sources they felt could be used to inform them appeared to be linked to their decision to vaccinate. We also found that parents often felt that they had not been given as much information as they would like and that some of the information they received was not as good as they thought they would. Parents often found it hard to know which vaccine information source to trust, and it was difficult to find information they felt they could use. We looked at all of the studies we found and found that most of them addressed at least one or more key aspects of the way parents talk to health workers. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media reports or to parents' perceptions of health worker motives. We rated the quality of the data as high for most of the outcomes, although we had low or very low quality for some of them.
This is an update of 'The Cochrane Anorexia Nausea and Behavioural Diseases' first published in 2012. We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) of people with anorexia nervosa. We included 10 RCTs with a total of 599 participants. Seven of the trials were included in the previous version of this review and we found three new trials. Two of the 10 trials are new for this update. We found one RCT that is not yet complete and one that is ongoing. We have not yet found any RCT's that are complete or complete. Most of the studies were of poor quality and small in size. Risks of bias (i.e. not being able to blind people to the treatment they are receiving) were high in most of the included trials. The results of the review suggest that the use of treatment as usual may be less efficacious than treatment as a non-e.g. dietary advice. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamic therapy might be superior to TAU, but again this is based on just one trial. No side effects from treatment were found in any of the two groups. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most outcomes. There is a need for further research in this area.
The search is up-to-date as of 1 April 2015. We found three RCTs (involving 516 adults) that compared the use of silicone oil, perfluropropane, or C3F8 gas tamponades for cataract and glaucoma. One of the trials was from the USA, and the other two were from the UK. All three of the studies were at low risk of bias (i.e. participants and surgeons were not aware of the treatment group). The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute. The third trial was conducted in the USA and involved 94 adults (aged 18 to 94 years) and compared heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) with standard silicone oil. There were no differences in the number of people who achieved at least 5/200 visual acuity (at the end of one year) or achieved macular attachment (at end of two years) in any of the three treatment groups. Although there were more adverse events in the first group (sulfur hexafluoride gas) than in the second group (silicone oil) at one year, there were no clear differences between the groups at both one year and two years. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 had a catarax (clouding of the eye), four developed a catarract, and two had capsular fibrosis (scarring in the eye). All three trials used a method of masking of people and their surgery. None of the other studies used a masking method. For the first part of the review, we found that all three trials appeared to be free of bias. The evidence for the other outcomes that we looked at was very low to low.
We searched for all randomised, well-conducted, randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) that looked at the best time to give birth (early or late) for women with high blood pressure. We found that early birth is the best way to reduce the risk of having a caesarean section, and in terms of the number of deaths and complications for the mother and the baby. We did not find any information about the effect on the combined outcomes of the babies (i.e. very low Apgar scores, very high blood pressures, high fever, or very low blood pressure). We were not able to pool the data in a meta-analysis as there were too few data (1628) for each group. There was a lower risk of death for women who had planned early birth (two studies, 1459 women). There was no clear difference in the rate of combined maternal deaths (three studies, 1511 women) or in the rates of neonatal death (three trials, 1585 babies). There were no clear differences between groups for caesaran section (four studies, 1728 women), length of hospital stay for the mothers (two study, 925 babies) or admission to the neonatal nursery (one study, 756 babies). The quality of evidence was high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (caesareans) or low (low) for the other outcomes (births) we looked at. Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly due to the wide range of results that we were able to draw out.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that prophylaxis does not seem to reduce the rate of bleeding in patients with hemophilia A or B. There have not been any trials in adults (over 18 years of age) or children (under 18 years old) that compared the use of a clotting drug to prevent bleeding in a joint. There are a number of reasons why clotting drugs are used, such as the need to protect the joint against blood clots (known as anticoagulants), or the need for blood thinning drugs (e.g. prednisone or prednisolone). There is a need for more research to find out which is the best drug and when.
This is an update of the previous version of a Cochrane review, published in 2013. We found one new trial in a search of the literature in February 2015. In total, we found 13 studies with 1824 participants. Ten of the 13 studies (782 participants) aimed to achieve remission (i.e. no active therapy) of the condition. Eight of the trials (834 participants) tried to achieve the same amount of remission. Five of the 10 trials (732 participants) attempted to maintain remission. Eight studies aimed to induce remission. Overall, we were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences in the treatments assessed in the studies. Five trials (894 participants) did not have a high risk of bias. In two out of three of the three studies that did not use a pool, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment groups. In the other two of these studies, which were of better quality, did not show a difference in remission rates. However, we are unable to draw any conclusions as to which is the best way to treat people with blunting of the white blood cells due to treatment with antibiotics. This is due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials, which makes it hard to draw conclusions.
The purpose of this review was to find out which is the best way to treat RhD, and through our search we found one study (involving 447 women) that looked at this question. We found that both intramuscular (IM) and intravenous (IV) administration of antifungal drugs (injections of blood) are equally effective. Anti-D can be administered by IM or IV injection. The choice of whether the drug is used will depend on the amount of drugs available, the dose to be administered and the patients' preferences. We did not find any studies that compared the use of antidiabetic drugs in RhD with each other.
We searched for all randomised clinical trials on the use of antplatelet drugs (drugs that block blood clotting) for the prevention of CVD in patients with diabetes. We found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients. All eight of the trials were at low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions due to bias due to the way the trial was designed and performed). The mean duration of the studies ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for all-cause deaths, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction (heart attack or stroke) were available for only one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlopidine to placebo and did not show any statistically significant differences for all cause death, vascular death or myocardary infarct (chest pain). Diabetes outcome data were available in three trials (31% of the participants) and we did not find any difference in the risk of stroke (11.2%) versus 11.3%). There were no data available from any of the included studies on blood vessel disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events, or costs. We conclude that we do not have enough data to be able to determine the best drug to use to prevent CVD.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 adults with cystic fibrosis. Seven of the 10 trials looked at single treatment sessions, one looked at a two-week treatment cycle, one evaluated a six-week intervention and one a three-month treatment cycle. Most of the trials had a low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions due to poor details in the literature) due to the lack of blinding of the patients and staff. We were able to combine the results of six trials (151 adults) that looked at the use of nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask. We did not find any evidence that using non-invasive ventilation to clear the sputum from the lungs improves lung function. We found that airway clearance may be easier with nasal masks and that some adults may find it easier with them. Three trials (27 adults) looked at adding nasal masks to oxygen and room air and found that using nasal masks or full face masks did not seem to improve lung function compared to room air. One trial (13 adults) did not report on any of our outcomes. One study (13 participants) also looked at exercise, but did not provide any information on the quality of life or symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. One of the studies (13 people) reported on the amount of oxygen used. No clear differences were found between the use and no use of oxygen or room air for any of the outcomes. Three studies (27 people) that used nasal masks (two studies) and one (27 participants) used a mouthpiece (one study) found that one participant could not be able to tolerate the inhaled airway pressure. Two studies (23 adults) found no clear differences in the use or lack of oxygen of the nasal masks. One (13 adult) study (involving 13 adults) reported no data on the effect of NIV on the level of exercise. The quality of the evidence for most of the measures in this review is very low. We are not able to say whether NIV should be used as an add-on to other treatments such as oxygen therapy alone. We do not know if using NIV in combination with other treatments (e.g. inhaled nitric oxide) would be a good way to add to other therapies for lung failure, such as inhaled steroids.
This is an update of the previous Cochrane review on nocturnal-NIPP in adults with stable COPD published in 2002. We found three new long-term (12 months or more) randomised trials on NIPPV in adults. We have added these to a list of ‘Top of the world' and will deal with them in a later update of this review. We included a total of seven studies on 245 adults with COPD. The mean age of the participants ranged from 31 to 44 years and the mean duration of the studies ranged from six to 12 months. The evidence is up to date as of 4 November 2015. We did not find any clear benefit of NIPPVD in adults who have stable COPDP. We do not know whether or not NIPPD has an effect on 6MWD. However, we do not think that this will be the case. We cannot be sure that it would be the other way around. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low or very low. This means that we are not able to be certain about the effect.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on 30 May 2016. We found four RCTs, involving 1190 women. The evidence is up to date as of 30 May 2017. Induction of labour did not seem to change the rate of caesarean section, instrumental (or forceps) delivery or forceps delivery or both. There were no clear effects on the risk of brachial plexus injury, low Apgar scores (less than 10), Apgar (eight) or low arterial cord blood pH (two) or on the use of phototherapy (both in the control group). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was a lower birthweight (178 g) in the intervention group. In one study involving 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the treatment group. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from low to high. The risk of bias was low or unclear for all of the 'Risk of bias' domains. It was not possible to blind women and staff to the intervention, but for other aspects of the studies it was assessed as low or very low quality.
We found 56 trials with 95,286 participants. Ninety-four trials reported no deaths, and nine of the trials did not report in which intervention group the death occurred. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most of the participants were middle-aged. Forty-eight of the studies (94,491 healthy participants) were conducted in high-income countries. The mean age of people in each study ranged from 19 to 70 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. Nineteen of the 56 trials (19) included people with high levels of vitamin D (at least 20 ng/mL) and in the other eight trials (795 adults) included those with low levels of Vitamin D (12.5% vs 12.7%). Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum (serum) 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. In 19 of these trials, more than 8% of participants had high blood pressure (20%) at the start of the study. In the other 26 trials (26,927 adults) more than 20% of the people had low blood levels (20% vs 22%). Most of them (77%) were healthy. Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not increase the risk of death. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase death, but this finding could be due to bias (i.e. bias due to the way the studies were designed and performed). We did not find any differences in the effect of the vitamin D on mortality in subgroup meta-analyses of studies at low risk of systematic errors (e.g. the use of a placebo tablet) compared with studies using no treatment in the control group; of studies with no intervention in the placebo group; or of studies including both sexes or only men. We found that when we looked at all trials (involving both men and healthy people) we found that Vitamin D decreased the number of people who died from any cause. This means that over five years, one person would have to be treated for one death due to any cause in order to avoid one death. We also found that people with a high blood cell count (hyperglycemia) and a normal blood calcium level (calciferol) did not seem to have a higher risk of dying from any reason than those with a low blood cell dose (11.0% vs 4.4%). Vitamin D does not appear to be harmful. We do not know whether or not vitamin D reduces death from cancer, heart or lung cancer, or whether vitamin D increases death from any causes. The quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes was high.
The review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, or sibutramine, can lead to modest reductions in weight over 12 to 57 weeks in persons with type 2 diabetes. This is based on a total of 296 participants. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in people with diabetes. No studies were found on pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramol, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, sopranine, and bromocriptine.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared VGB with CBZ in people with epileptic seizures. We found five randomised studies with a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor. We did not combine the results of the studies as planned, as most studies did not report the same outcome as those chosen for this review. We do not know whether VGB or CBZ is the better treatment for epilepsy. We are not able to draw any conclusions as to which is the best drug to use as a single antiepileptic drug as we did not have enough data to do so. However, we do know that VGB should not be used as a first-line drug as it is a part of a range of drugs used to treat epilepsy.
We found four RCTs that compared the use of plerixafor in addition to G-CSF for people with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these studies (involving 600 participants) were completed and did not report any results. The other two studies (conducted by the Genzyme Corporation) had a high risk of bias. The results of the meta-analysis showed no difference in the number of people who died or had adverse events (such as bleeding) in the 12-month follow-up of those who were allocated to the plurexide group and the control group. There was a high rate of successful stem cell collection in those participants who received the plerexide. None of the trials reported on quality of life or progression-free survival (i.e. the length of time it takes the cancer to get worse). The evidence is up to date as of 15 April 2019. The included studies were of high quality. However, due to the small numbers of people in the trials, we were not able to analyse the data from two of the studies due to not having a large sample size. Due to the low risk of publication bias, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias even though two trials did not recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
We found 23 trials, involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Cones were better than no active treatment. There was not much evidence to show that cones were any better than pelvic floor medicine (PMI) for cure of urinary incontinence, or that they were any worse than PFMT or electrostimulation. There were too few data to be sure that adding PFMT to cones was better than either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only one study looked at the cost of the treatments, and none looked at whether they were effective. Most of the women included in the trials had symptoms of incontence; seven of them had inconturia due to urodynamic stress incontination, while the others had symptoms due to pelvic pain. We did not find enough good-quality trials to be able to draw conclusions about the cost-effective use of cones in SUI.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (studies in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared) of adults who received anticoagulants. We found eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients. We found that the effect of self-monitoring plus education on TTR was uncertain, as the quality of the evidence was very low (i.e. the true effect is likely to be close to the true impact, but there is a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusion). We found some low- or very low-certainty data on anxiety and depression, as well as low-quality data on the use of decision aids for patients with TTR. The quality of evidence for all of the outcomes in this review was low (because of the risk of bias and imprecision in the results). We conclude that there is not enough evidence to be sure that any intervention is effective in the prevention of TTR in patients with OAT. Thus, more research is needed. It is important to explore the impact of these interventions on patients with this long-term condition.
This is an update of the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Review, which was first published in 2009. In this update we found seven new studies (778 women) that compared prostaglandin E2 with placebo, four of which are new. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries all seem to work as well as each other, although only a few differences are seen in some outcomes (cervical change with the baby heart rate changes and the need for a caesarean section rate). There are too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of PGEII on the health of the mother or her baby.
The review of trials found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has the same effects as incubator care with regard to body temperature and weight gain.
We found three studies, involving 146 participants. All three studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. they were carried out in a way that could bias the results of the study). The main findings of the review were that the open and closed surgery for the removal of teeth from the palate are similar in terms of how well the teeth are exposed and sealed (low- to very low-risk of bias). We were not able to pool the data for any of the other outcomes that we were interested in (e.g. dentures) as we could not pool the results. One study found that surgery was not as good as it should be. One of the studies found that there was a post-operation (separation of part of the gold chain) in the open group and one of the closed group found two complications following surgery. Both of these were due to the use of the gums of the mouth. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low. We found that two of the three trials were of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain as to whether one surgery is better than the other. We need to find out more high-quality studies. We have identified three trials that are in progress. It is hoped that these will be of high quality and that they will be able to show us which surgery is the best.
We found three randomised trials, involving 244 women, that compared prostaglandins for uterotomy for retained placenta. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a bias due to the way the women were put into the treatment groups). We did not find any data for the rates of death of the mother or the need to add a drug to relieve labour pain. We found limited, very low-quality evidence (involving 244 women) that did not show a difference in the rate of the need for the removal of the placentum or the use of prostaglamide (sulprostone or misoprostol) compared with placebo. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and pain during and after the procedure) except for'shivering', which was more frequent in women who were in the prostagamide group. We were not able to make any recommendations about changes to the management of uterotomies. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We found six randomised trials involving 355 preterm babies. Two of the trials were done in the 1970s and one in the 1980s. We found that the use of CDP as CPAP or CNP reduces the rate of lung failure and death in preterm neonates with bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as lack of oxygen at 28 days, as well as the number of babies with BPD at nine to 14 years. We did not identify any new trials for this update. The use of continuous distending pressure (CPAP) reduces the risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilator) and the need for pneumothorax (air in the lung area due to failure of the airway to open). We are not able to say whether or not CDP is better than CPAP for preterm BPD due to the lack of data. We do not know if it is the best way to use CPAP. We need more research to find out.
This review of six small and/or short-term studies (RCTs) involving a total of 157 patients, found no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers than other types of dressing.
We found three randomised trials. All three of them compared surgery to endoscopy. One of the studies (involving 32 participants) showed that surgery was better in terms of pain relief and survival than endoscopic (endoscopy only) treatment. The other study (included in the review) showed better quality of life and improvement in exocrine (pulmonary) pancreas function with surgery. However, it did not show that death from any cause was more likely to occur in the surgery group than in the endoscopic group. The quality of the evidence for all three of the comparisons was very low. We need more data from other studies to be sure that surgery is the best way to treat this condition.
Only one trial was identified for this review. This trial was at a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). This trial included 857 patients who had minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. There were no differences in the rate of surgical site infection (SSI) between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients who developed SSIs (8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8%) in the delayed bathing group were 8.7% and 7%, respectively. There was no difference in the number of patients with SSIs between the early and delayed bathing groups. There is currently no evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications.
We found one trial (involving 35 participants) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). After 12 weeks, 12 out of 19 patients in the prednisolone group and five out of 16 in the no-treatment group showed an improvement in pain after 12 weeks. However, the quality of the evidence was very low due to the small size of the trial. Side effects were the same with both treatments, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone as was moon facies (night facies). We found that change in grip strength or change in function (e.g. strength of grip strength) was similar with both corticosteroids, but with high-dose (four-times a day) oral darbepoetin (four times per day) we found that it was less likely to be seen as often as with low-dose oral daropoietin (two-thirds a day). We are very uncertain about the effects of the use of a corticostomy) compared with no therapy. We found very low-certainty evidence from one randomised, non-randomised study (in which participants were allocated to treatment groups by a method similar to the toss of a coin) that suggested that long-term use (up to one year) does not seem to improve pain after one year. We need further research to find out which is the best dose to use. We know from non-blinded studies that corticotropin-based drugs are commonly used in practice, and that they are most likely to cause serious side effects. We also know from randomised trials that steroids can cause serious adverse events such as insomnia.
We found six randomised studies with a total of 2100 adults with COPD. Four of the studies compared the use of a remote check-up to face-to-face, and we included the results of the other study with 1213 adults. All of the adults included in the study were adults. Most of them were in their 60s and had milder symptoms of COPD (e.g. shortness of breath, cough, runny nose or runny noses). Most of the people in the control group had slightly more severe asthma. We could not say whether more of those who had a home-based remote check up needed oral corticosteroids for an exacerbation than those who were seen in the hospital. In one study, 21 out of 1000 adults had an acute flare-up of their asthma that required a course of oral steroids, compared to 36 out of 100 adults in the clinic. There was not much difference in other asthma flare-ups or in quality of life between the two groups. There were too few people in each group for us to be able to tell whether remote check ups are a safe alternative to other asthma check-ups. We do not know whether people who have a phone-up are more likely to benefit from this. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low. The main reason for this was that we could not be sure that people knew which group they were in (i.e. remote or face-based) and it was not clear whether they would be in, or out of, or if they would have been in, the next day.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 212 people with JIA. All of the RCTs reported at least some of the outcomes that we were interested in. The results of the studies were combined to give a summary result. We did not find any studies that looked at the long-term effects of the treatment. The quality of the evidence was low to'very low' due to the large variation in the outcome measures used in the studies. We are not able to draw any conclusions at this time about the benefits or harms of the treatments for JIA based on the results of this review. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 randomised trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found low- or very low-quality results for most of the outcomes (treatment failure, mortality, re-exacerbations, and length of stay in the ICU) and for some of the other outcome (inpatients with a severe flare-up of bronchitis). We did not find enough data to be sure that antibiotics are effective in reducing the risk of the flare-ups. We found moderate- or low-certainty results for antibiotic use in children with mild to moderate bronchiolitis. Antibiotics appear to be well-tolerated and may have a role, but we do not know if they are effective. We do not have data on the effect of antibiotics on the health-related quality of life of children with bronchial reflux disease.
We included nine RCTs involving 1414 adults (aged 24 to 70 years) who were randomised to whole grain or lower whole grain diets. Four of the trials were conducted in the UK, while the other four were in the USA. We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of whole grain diet on death from any cause (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). We found no trials that reported the effects of full grain diets on death due to any cause, heart attack, heart failure, or stroke. There were too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of full- grain diets in the prevention of heart attacks or strokes due to blood lipids or blood pressure. Further research is needed to find out if they are safe and whether they reduce the risk of heart disease and stroke. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. The included trials were small, short-term, and had a high risk of bias (i.e. they were small in size, short term, and did not have a long duration (more than 16 weeks). There was not enough evidence to say whether full-grain diets are safe or not for heart attacks, strokes, or heart attack or angina. This is due to the lack of long-term (12 weeks or more) research in this area. Therefore, there is a need for longer-term follow-up of 12 to 16 weeks. The quality of the evidence was low.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 22 February 2015. We found 38 studies with a total of 1896 adults. The age range of the adults ranged from 18 to 65 years and the mean age of the participants ranged from 31 to 44 years. Most of the people in the studies were male. The duration of the interventions ranged from two weeks to three months. The use of an air-stirrup (short-term) was most commonly used to help patients to get out of bed and walk when treated with an orthosis (shoe) or a walking cast. There was some low-risk-of-bias (i.e. bias) in some of the studies. There were a number of different ways in which people were put into the different treatment groups. One of them was a backslab (a bandage) and the other was a non-thermal (non-theral) diathermy (where air is passed through the skin to the ankle). There was a wide range of use of various types of electrotherapy modalities (e.g. stretching, manual therapy) and some non-pharmaceutical (drugs) modities (such as anti-inflammants) in the control group. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised trials. There is a need for more research to find out which is the best way to support patients who have had an orthopaedic condition who are unable to walk or wear a brace. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. Eight studies were judged as having a high risk of bias and over half of the trials were judged to be of low or very low quality.
The review found that a home-based care plan for adolescents has the potential to help them to take their antiretroviral drugs as prescribed. A non-randomised trial of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, but the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p=06). A non randomised study of a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen found that the number of children with >80% adherence was no greater with lopinir/r than with a non-nucleoside (reverse transcriptase) regimen. However, the proportion of patients with virolomy suppression was greater with children on the LPV/R regimen than with those on the non-NRTI regimen. A study of caregiver medication diaries showed that the use of the diaries did not seem to have an effect on the rate of drug use.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that fenoprofen 200 mg provided effective pain relief over 4 to 6 hours for one out of six people with moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. There were not enough data to analyse other doses or active comparators, the time to use more painkillers, or the need for extra painkillers. There was no difference in numbers of patients with any adverse events (any adverse events or withdrawals due to side-effects) between fenzaprofen200 mg and placebo.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that PFMT does increase the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% when used as an add-on to surgery compared to no PFMT. There is now some evidence available for PFMT for prolapse symptoms and severity. The largest trial to date found that six months of PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-treatment. Further research is needed to find out if PFMT is effective for symptomatic prolapse, and if it is safe to use in the long term. Other comparisons which have not been investigated in trials to date and are not yet included in the review include those involving lifestyle changes (e.g. lifestyle changes, lifestyle changes), and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that quinolone antibiotics are better than no drug or antiseptics for the cure of CSOM, and better than placebo or no treatment, at the time of aural removal from the aural. Evidence regarding the safety of these drugs was generally weak. Further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results and may change them.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. Most studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of them conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. In 20 of the 21 studies, FRS was used to determine whether or not someone had schizophrenia, and in seven of them, it was used as a test for all other diagnoses. We found that when we used FRS as a tool for triage, we found that around five to 19 people out of 100 who had a FRS test would be wrongly diagnosed with schizophrenia. We would have to use FRS for around 40% of people who would not have the test. Some of these people may need help and delay their treatment. Others, who will be referred for mental health care due to symptoms of schizophrenia, will need help. Empathetic use of FRS should be used to avoid a good percentage of these errors. We do not know when or how often it will be used. We hope that the new Cochrane Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane review, which is due to be published in 2013, will show that FRS is a good test and will be useful in the next few years.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review, which was published in 2013. We found 5 new studies in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in February 2015. We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the studies, which included both adults and children. We did not find any new randomised controlled trials. All of the studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s and involved adults with atopic eczema. All interventions were used as an add-on to conventional treatment for children and were provided in primary- and secondary-care settings. There is a great need for more research in this area. We only found a small amount of good-quality, well-designed, and well-conducted research in children. Only one study, with a total of 992 children, showed a significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both the nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. The largest and most robust study, which provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions, showed that children aged 8 to 12 years improved significantly more than those aged 3 to 7 years. In three of five trials, which could not be combined due to differences in the design of the study (i.e. we did not have enough data to be sure that they were all of the same type), children aged 13 to 18 years did not improve as much as those aged 6 to 13 years. We also found some low-income children who did not participate in the study. We do not know if these results would be the same in high- and middle-income countries. We have not found any new studies. We identified a need for further research in the area. This is an updated update of a previous Cochrane systematic review (2011). We found five new trials. We added these to a list of ‘Studies on the use of education and psychosocial self-help' published in 2010. The previous version of this Cochrane Cochrane Review, published in 2011, found that we found no new research. We searched for new research in 2013 and 2015, and found one new study. The evidence is up-to-date to April 2015. There are a number of problems with the way some of the trials were designed and performed. For the most part, the methods used in some studies were not as well designed as we would have liked. For example, most studies did not clearly explain how they were done, and in some, it was not clear if participants knew which group they were in. For some, the results of some trials were imprecise and we were not able to combine them.
This is an update of a previous review (2011). We found 14 studies (753 participants) that looked at the use of HBOT for people with LRTI. HBOT was compared with no HBOT. There was some evidence that HBOT reduces the chance of the bone coming away from the bone after treatment with osteoradionecrosis (ORN), and the risk of wound breakdown (wound breakdown). HBOT does not seem to cause any harm. There were no studies looking at whether HBOT helped the bone to heal. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from very low to high.
We found 10 RCTs (2961 participants) that compared the use of blunt (blunt) and sharp (shin) needles in surgery. Four of the trials focused on the closure of the wound, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The quality of the evidence was high. There is high level of high-certainty evidence that blunt needles reduce the risk of exposure to blood and body fluids for the surgeon and the anaesthetist. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotics. The search is up-to-date as of 4th October 2013. We found seven randomised controlled trials with 422 participants that compared these drugs in a total of 422 participants. The size of the trials ranged from 20 to 157, and the length of the studies ranged from four to 52 weeks. We were not able to pool the results of all the trials due to the lack of data. Trifluperazine was not more efficacious than low quality antipsychotic drugs in terms of improvement to treatment (26% versus 27%). There was no difference in numbers with at least one side effect (40% versus 38%). However, there was a significantly higher rate of side effects (23% versus 13%) in the group of patients who took trifuoperazine compared with those who took low quality drugs. There was also a significantly greater rate of leaving the studies early due to any reason (20% versus 16%). No data were available for other important outcomes such as death, sedation and quality of life. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for most outcomes.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 593 preterm babies. We found that some (but not all) RCTs showed a trend to a faster rate of weight gain in preterm infants who had been on an intagastric tube compared with those who had received a normal feed. We did not find strong (or consistent) evidence that the rate of growth or development of preterm children who had responded to a restart of their own feeding was different from those who did not. We are uncertain as to whether this is the case as the quality of the evidence was low. We identified a need for a large RCT to confirm this finding and to find out if the rates of growth and development of these preterm newborns are the same as those who are not. None of the trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, we do not have strong (if any) results for the primary outcomes of this review.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of folic acid or multivitamin B in peripheral arterial disease. Two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. The studies did not report on death or rate of limb loss. One of the trials showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who were treated with folic acid and in those who received 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. The other study showed no improvement in ABI in patients who received a multivinant B supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01) versus placebo. No major events were reported in the studies. Further well-designed and well-conducted clinical trials are required.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. In 2013 we searched for randomised trials (RCTs) that looked at the impact of the use of fees for care for dentists in relation to the placement of sealants (fissure sealants) in permanent molar teeth. We found two RCTs involving 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One of the studies, which was carried out in the UK, used a factorial design to look at the effect of fee-for-care and an educational intervention on the place of sealant sealants in the mouth. In the other, the authors used a parallel group design to assess the impact on primary care dentists’ behaviour. In both studies, there were a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. In one of the trials, there was a high chance that the participants knew which treatment they were in (i.e. the fees for the sealants or the education). In the study that was conducted in the most deprived area of Scotland, the applicability of the findings to other parts of the world may be limited. The study did not report any data on use of the health service, or on the number of visits to the dentist or the amount of time it took to make the sealant. The other study, from a three-year period, looked at whether capitation (payment for the capitation) and fee payment (for the rest of the filling of teeth) are as effective as fee payment. In this review, we judged the quality of the evidence from the studies to be low/very low. There is a need for more research to be done in this area.
This is an overview of 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving over 17,000 women and their babies. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 February 2015. The RCTs were well-conducted and generally at low risk of bias, although one trial did not contribute data. The findings of this review are based on a small reduction in preterm birth (14%) for the intervention group and a 14% reduction (16) for the control group. This was not accompanied by a reduction in the numbers of babies with low birthweight (14). No clear differences were seen between the groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No difference in rates of stillbirth or birthweight was seen in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who comply with their treatment compared with those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was low for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weight, as well as for stillbirth and neonatal death and birthweight.
We found 10 RCTs (involving 1656 participants) that used probiotics as an add-on to antifungal drugs. All of the studies were of low or very low quality. We found that the use of probiotics could lead to an increase in the rate of short-term and long-term clinical cure (one month or less) and the relapse rate at one month, but this did not lead to a greater number of patients who had relapse at the end of treatment. Probiotics use does not seem to cause serious or non-serious adverse events. We did not find any studies that compared probiotics to other treatments. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the Cochrane Review, which was first published in 2013. We searched for randomised trials (involving 696 women) that compared the use of progestogens compared to no progestogen, or a placebo (a pill made to look the same as the progestin) or placebo in women with a high-risk of having a premature (fetal) or induced (preterm) miscarriage. We included seven randomised controlled studies with a total of 696 participants. Two studies were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries; four were from the USA; two from Iran; one from Turkey; and the seventh from Jordan, which is a low-income country. All of the women included in the trials were in the early stages of IVF or ICSI. In six of the trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh, we included only the subgroup of participants who met the criteria. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias (i.e. there were too few events in the studies) and a small number of events in some of the outcomes.
We found a total of five randomised trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy. Three of these studies were from the USA, one from the UK and one from Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of the five studies were people with diabetes retinitis; one of them was a non-proliferative retinopath. Four of the trials (8926 eyes) looked at the use of lasers to treat retinomy. Three studies looked at laser treatment to no laser treatment and two of them looked at using laser to delay laser treatment. All of the studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). At 12 months, there was little difference in the risk of loss of visual acuity between those treated with laser and those who received no laser and deferred treatment. Longer term follow-up (up to five years) did not show a consistent pattern. One study found a 20% improvement in risk of vision loss with laser treatment compared to those who did not have laser treatment at 12 months. There was a 50% reduction in the rate of progression of the disease (the length of time it takes to get worse) compared to the time it took to have no laser therapy. None of the other outcomes that we were interested in (e.g. quality of life, pain, loss of vision) or loss of driving licence) were reported. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is mainly due to the small number of studies that we included in the majority of which were conducted many years ago.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared CPAP or NPPV for adults with acute lung failure after lung surgery. We found only one study with a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We found that CPAP may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation and the length of ICU stay (1.84 days). We did not find any difference in the rates of death or anastomotic leakage (leakage of the airway due to failure of the tube into the lung), pneumonia-related complications (infection), or sepsis or infections. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. Further research is required to confirm the findings of this review.
In this review, we assessed the effectiveness of analgesic drugs in providing analgesia for the pain of forceps delivery. We found four randomised trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias (i.e. at risk of systematic bias). The trials compared analgesia with other analgesics (ketamine, vinydan-ether, and lignocaine), or with another analgesic drug (pudendal nerve block). In the diazepam group, women were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective compared with the women who were treated with a placebo (sugar pill). In the other three analgesic groups, the pain was assessed by the anaesthesist. In one of the trials, the anaesthetist (midwives or nurses) gave the women an analgesic (diazepam) at the time of the birth of the baby, just as they were about to deliver the umbilical cord (neck of the womb). Also, in one trial, women who received the analgesic compared with those who received a placebo were more satisfied that their pain had been relieved. There were no trials that looked at the effect of analgesia on the death of the mother, or on the health of the newborn baby. The trials did not report on important outcomes such as whether the babies born to mothers who received analgesia were born with pain that was more than seven times a day (or less than seven at five minutes), or if they had a cord blood arterial pH score of less than 7.2. This review did not find any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps birth. Further research is needed to find out which analgesic is the most effective. It will be important that more research is carried out.
We included 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in the UK, and one each in the USA and the UK. The yoga programs ranged from two weeks to 54 months in length, and from no more than six months to two years in the majority of studies. The majority of participants were adults of both men and women with mild to moderate asthma for six months up to 23 years old. There was some low-risk of bias in one study, and unclear or high risk of bias (i.e. risk of systematic error) in the rest. We found that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in the short-term. Yoga may lead to improvement in lung function, symptoms, and the use of medicines. Yoga does not seem to cause any harm. We do not know if yoga has a long-term effect on the body's response to inhaled nitric oxide (BH) levels in the blood, or its impact on the lungs. We did not find enough high-quality evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in this review. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents (drugs that are used to treat blood cancers), and 3 of them assessed combined drugs (drug taken by mouth). Many of the trials did not report enough data for us to be sure whether or not any of the drugs we looked at were effective. We were able to combine data from only one trial of methotrexate (an anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobulin drug) and one of azathioprine (an antifungal drug) to answer our question. We found moderate-quality data from interferon beta-1a (a drug used to control blood cancers) to show that the drug does not slow cancer growth. We assessed six of the nine trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to our primary outcome measure, which is the change in muscle strength score at six months. We are not able to draw any firm conclusions about the use of these drugs due to the lack of data. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully-valid, standardised, and active outcome measures. All of the included trials reported side-effects. None of the studies used the 'pre-disease' (i.e. a condition in which the cancer is growing in a specific part of the body, such as the arm or leg) or 'procedural' (where the cancer moves further up the body) types of drugs (such as simvastatin or bimagrumab) to treat cancer. Further research is needed to find out if these drugs are effective. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main reason for this was that many of the people in the trials were not randomised, which means that we do not know the true results.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review that found that linezolid is more effective than vancomycin for treating SSTIs caused by MRSA. We included nine RCTs with a total of 3144 adults. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2015. The quality of the included studies was low to high. There were no RCT-related deaths. There was no difference in all-cause death (death due to any cause) in the linezolic group compared with the vancomalcin group. There appeared to be less red man syndrome, pruritus, and skin rash with linezolar than with vancomamycin treatment. The cost of the treatment was less than the cost of inpatient treatment with vancycin. The median length of hospital stay was three days shorter with the use of linezolarycin. Thus, the total number of costs per patient was about three days lower with the treatment. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm the results of this review. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the drug company that makes linezolin.
We included eight RCTs with a total of 512 participants. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was due to the lack of information and variation in the methods used in the studies, which made it hard to be sure that the outcomes were the same as they were in the control group. We found that overall survival and the rate of gastric emptying (the time taken for the gastric tube to open) were similar in the treatment groups. Operating time, bleeding, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly lower in the PPW group. However, some perioperative outcome measures (such as the time to open the gastric tube and the need for a transfusion) favoured the CCW procedure. The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 April 2015.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of these drugs in patients with traumatic brain injury. Six RCTs with a total of 1862 participants were included in the review. The risk of death was reported in five of the six studies, and the risk of disability in one study was assessed in the unfavourable outcome group. Two of the trials, which included patients with a subarachnoid haemorrhage, showed that the drug nimodipine reduced the rate of death in a subgroup of brain injury patients with bleeding in the brain. However, the drug was associated with an increased risk of side effects in some patients.
We included four RCTs with a total of 3090 participants. Three of the trials were considered to have a low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be of a high risk. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. We have not yet identified any new studies. When we looked at the data from three of the included trials, we found that the rates of return of the heart rhythm to the chest were approximately the same in the group of participants who received immediate defibrillation and delayed defibrillation. The rate of survival to stay alive to one year was similar in both groups. We were not able to conclude whether the rate of restart of heart rhythm was the same between the groups. Adverse effects were not reported in any of the studies. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any medication for pituitary down control or ovary stimulation in IVF. There is a need for more research in this area. The review found that the number of oocytes retrieved from the ovaries in the GnRH antagonist group was more than twice that of the placebo group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used to treat the oocytes was more high in the group of GnRH antagonists than in the control group. However, the rate of drop outs due to adverse events was similar in both groups. No trial assessed live birth rates.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Review, which was first published in 2004. We updated the search in 2009-10 and added 21 new studies, for a total of 53 randomised trials. We did not find any studies that looked at suicide. We found that people with schizophrenia may be less likely to be treated for relapse or to be admitted to hospital. They may be more likely to take their antipsychotics as prescribed. They also seem to have more control of their thoughts and behaviours. This may be due to the lack of bias in the trials. However, we do not think that the quality of the trials was high. We do not know if these benefits outweigh the risks.
We found three randomised trials that included a total of 263 adults with symptomatic in-stent restenosis. All three of the studies were conducted in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three studies were sponsored by the company that made the balloons used in the trials. The other study was funded by a drug manufacturer. We found no clear difference in the risk of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes up to 24 months for target lesion revascularization (OR 0.00 to 0.92 at six months; OR 0.24, 95% CI 0.08 to 070 at 24 months) and at six and 12 months for binary restenomy (OR 1.02 to 3.21 at 12 months). We also found that DEBs were better than uncoate balloons for anatomical endpoints such as the need for re-insertion of the balloon and for one of the Rutherford categories. We did not find any clear differences in the rate of death in people who had uncoating balloons. We considered the certainty of evidence for all outcomes to be very low. This was due to the small number of studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the studies.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared the use of corticosteroids in patients with KD up to 24 weeks from age 18 years old. We found 7 studies with 922 participants. We were able to combine the data from all of the 7 trials and found that corticostrops reduced the rate of heart attack or stroke in adults with KD. We did not find any data on death or long-term (more than 1 year) heart attacks or strokes. We also found that children with KD who received a long course of steroids had less duration of fever, a shorter time in hospital and a shorter duration of symptoms. Certain groups, such as those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those with greater risk of heart problems may have greater benefit from steroid use. However, more studies are needed to find out if these groups are more likely to benefit from steroids. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for most of the outcomes. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that found in this review. We downgrades the evidence for serious adverse events, mortality and time for blood tests (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR)) to low.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 846 participants. Four of the eight studies were conducted in the UK, two in the USA, and one each in Australia, New Zealand, and the USA. Four studies compared PIP with a control group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial education, counselling). Two of these studies included a 'placebo' (pretend treatment) group and an 'educational' group. We found that PIP was better than the control group in terms of the rates of parental depression, parental-child (e.g. absence from work) and parent-child interaction, and infant behaviour and behaviour. We did not find any difference between PIP and control groups in rates of adverse effects, or rates of maternal or child adverse events. PIP did not seem to cause more harm. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to limitations in the way some of the studies were designed and performed, and in how they were carried out.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 753 women. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes (apgar scores at one minute (five trials, 519 participants), oxygen saturation (three trials, 209 participants), pulmonary arterial blood (eight trials, 504 patients) and umbilical artery blood (10 trials, 683 participants). The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2016. The overall findings of this review do not support the use of oxygen during elective caesarean sections of the womb. We found no evidence that the addition of oxygen to the usual care of pregnant women who are having an elective cephalic or breech-down-the-abdominal cord cephaled caesaropoietic section is beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. Although maternal and neonatal blood gas levels and oxygen levels in the blood were higher in the neonatal oxygen group than in the room air group, this may have been due to the small numbers of participants in the studies. The evidence was of low to very low quality. The main reason for this was that we did not have enough data.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review, which was published in 2006. We found four new studies in a search of the literature in February 2011. We included twelve randomised trials with a total of 2196 participants. All of the participants were adults over 18 years of age with a range of ages from 18 to 65 years old. All studies looked at the use of reminder packaging. The quality of the trials ranged from very low to high. The studies varied in several ways, and we were not able to pool many of the data. We were able to combine the results of two of the studies, which showed that reminder packaging reduced diastolic blood pressure by 5.89 mmHg. No effect was seen on systolic blood pressures (mean change -1.01, 95% CI -2.22 to 0.20; P = 0.1, I2 = 0%). We found no effect on change in change in glycate haemoglobin levels (mean 0.72; 95%CI -0.83 to -060; P < 0.00001; P2 = 92%), although there was considerable heterogeneity. No data were available for other outcomes, such as serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reported symptoms (one study each). In one of the four studies, use of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred for patients with low literacy levels. We conclude that reminder packing may be a simple method for helping patients to take their pills. Further research is required to improve the design and use of these devices.
We searched for all randomised trials of drugs used to treat ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections. We found 15 randomised clinical trials (studies in which one or more of two or more drugs are compared) that assessed 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of systematic error (ie, there were too few participants in each group for us to be certain that one drug is better than the other). There were no differences between the groups in the rates of death, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The length of hospital stay was shorter in people in the trimetZidine group than in those in the placebo group (three days shorter) and the mean age of the patients in the methylprednolone group (23.5 years) was higher than in the control group (17 years). We found that there is a high rate of type I and type II errors due to the small sample size in each trial and the risk of bias (i.e. there were only a few patients in each arm). However, the use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised studies.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that assessed the effect of any of these drugs or their use in patients with CCS. We found 24 new studies. In total, we included 61 studies; 46 for treatment with cisplatin, four for carboplatin, one for vancomycin, and 24 for nephrectomy. The studies included 13,327 participants. Risk of bias was present in all studies. The frequency of side effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to variation in the type of cancer, length of the cancer and the duration of the treatment (i.e. the length of time that the cancer was in the blood), the number of people who received the drug, and other drugs (e.g. aminoglycosides) and the age of the patients. Risk factors included low blood pressure (hypophosphataemia), low white blood cell counts (white blood cell count) and low levels of phosphorous in the urine (TPR), which ranged from 13.2% to 28.6%. One study found that the risk of low TPR was twice as high in the group of patients who were treated with aminoliccosides. The risk of high blood pressure ranged from 50% to 50%. Risk factors reported by one of the studies were older age at screening and abdominal cancer treatment. A non-certainty of the results was found for the other risk factor, TBI. We were not able to combine the results of all studies due to inconsistency and imprecision in the results.
Two phytomedicines Niprisan® (Nicosan® and Ciklavit®) and Cajanus cajan (Cajan®) are used in the treatment of sickle cell disease. The results of one study (182 participants) suggest that Nipisan® reduces the rate of severe episodes of pain in people with sickle Cell disease. It does not seem to increase the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. However, the quality of the evidence is low due to limitations in the study methods and the low numbers of participants in the trial. No serious side-effects were reported. The trial of Cajan reported a benefit to those with painful crises over a six-month follow-up period, but the results of the other study (124 participants) are not clear. More research is required to assess the use of these drugs in the clinical setting.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of PET-based therapies in adults with HL. We found three RCTs (involving 1999 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 February 2019. We did not find any RCT reports of deaths. One of the studies reported no deaths; the other two reported one death in the group of adults who received PET-treatment and two deaths in the control group. Two of the trials (89 adults) were reported as randomised, and so we were not able to assess the risk of bias (i.e. lack of bias due to lack of blinding of the study design). One study was published in an abstract form only; hence, it was not possible to determine whether or not the participants knew which group they were in. The third trial (1480 adults) was reported as a meta-analysis of all three trials. Of the 1999 adults included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. Of these, 519 were either PET-positive, or were excluded because they did not have a PET in their blood. No data on long-term side-effects were available in any of the three studies. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. The main reasons for downgrading the overall quality of evidence were that we did not identify any new trials.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials. Most of them were small, and some had large losses. We did not find any new trials in 2014. Twenty-one of the 31 studies looked at the use of pills, pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and an etonogestrel implant. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve of the trials looked at pills, and the few differences from levonorgestrel (the most commonly used) COCs were inconsistent. Many of the studies had small numbers of participants. Many studies did not have good methods. We still do not know very much about women at risk of metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the included trials had a low risk of bias. We are not able to make strong statements due to not having many studies that compared the same types of contraceptives.
We included 10 RCTs (involving 5549 people with symptomatic hip OA). The age range of the participants ranged from 18 to 65 years, and most of them (9 out of 10) had hip or knee OA. The duration of the interventions ranged from three to six months, and the length of the programmes ranged from four to 12 weeks. Seven of the 10 studies were conducted in the UK, and one study each in the USA, Canada and the USA. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low (for pain) to high (for quality of life). Most of the trials (9/10) were well designed and had a low risk of bias (i.e. none of the studies were able to blind participants to the type of intervention). One study (183 people) did not report any funding source. There was no difference in pain or physical function between people who did or did not do exercise. Quality of life was not assessed in any of the included studies. The number of people who dropped out of the control group (participants who did not take part) was 1% more than in the exercise group (1% to 4%). Of the five people who experienced adverse events, each of them had only one or two adverse events and all were linked to increased pain due to the exercise programme. We found high-certainty evidence from nine trials (549 participants) that people who participated in a land-based treatment programme had less pain and improved the amount of pain (29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (no pain) and physical function (8 points) compared with those who were not able to exercise (4 to 11 points) up to three to five months after the end of treatment (4% to 12 points) (95% CI -0.55 to 10). We found moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 people) that the number of participants who dropped-out of the treatment group (up to 4%) was 3% less than for people who were unable to participate in the intervention group (3% to 10%). We found low-risk-of-bias (that is, there was a 1% risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was run and performed) from five studies (129 adults) that did not have a high risk of having a bias (that means that the true results are likely to be close to the truth). We considered the quality of evidence for pain to be high.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4th October 2013. We found nine high-quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 260 adults with MS. Six RCTs (260 adults) looked at the comparison of the 'best' form of exercise therapy (exercising with a 'no' form) with no intervention (i.e. a 'wait and see' method) and three trials looked at different types of exercise treatment (type of MS and type of MS). The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of 'outcomes' to be used in the trials. In particular, these studies should test 'dose' of the therapy' and 'type' of MS, and should look at 'quality of life' as their main outcome.
We found only one randomised study (involving 75 adults) that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (the first part of the bile duct) with delayed laparoscopically-related laparomystectomy. There were no deaths in either group. The rate of death in the early group was 2.5% lower than in the delayed group (2.5%). There was no serious adverse events related to the surgery in both groups. The complications that the patients suffered included pancreatitis (1), empyema (jaundice), gallbladder perforation (2), cholangitis (3), obstructive jaundice (4), and recurrence of biliary colic (5). In total, 14 people had to be treated in hospital due to the above symptoms. All of these people were operated on within 24 hours in the late group. This study did not report quality of life or the rate of return to work. Based on one high-bias risk (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was designed and performed) trial, it appears that laparopystectomy performed on the first day of the first week after surgery (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) decreases the morbidity of the surgery, the length of hospital stay, and the time that the surgery takes to do. Further research is required to confirm or refute these findings.
We searched for all randomised trials that looked at the use of long-term (longer term) antibiotics for orthognathic surgery. We found 11 trials. Seven of these compared long term antibiotic prophylaxis with short term antibiotics, and we were able to combine their results to give our results. We are uncertain as to whether long term antibiotics reduce the risk of SSI compared with short-term antibiotics. No trial assessed adverse effects of the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed other outcomes, and there were too few studies to be able to show whether one type of antibiotic is better than any other. Overall, we are uncertain about the effect of long term therapy on SSI due to the small numbers of people included in the review and the low quality of the evidence. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found one randomised trial involving 40 babies and 42 women. The trial was under-sized and did not have a high risk of bias. There were no clear benefits or harms of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' pregnancy for the babies of women with gastroschisis. There was a trend towards a trend in the women who had a caesarean section for the first time (36.8 weeks) for the infants of the two groups. This could be due to the small number of babies included in the study. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults (aged 18 years or over) that compared paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (up to 70 mg) for up to one week). The other non-painkillers used include non-steroidal anti-inflamm drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic drugs (drugs used to treat pain), antidepressants, or neuroleptics (joint painkillers). We did not find any studies in children. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over (cross-over) design. All three of the three studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. they were designed in a way that could reduce the risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions). None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from the start of treatment; participants with a pain of no worse than mild at the end of therapy; or patients with a global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or both) in the first week of treatment. What pain reports there were reported in one study indicated no difference in pain when added to other analgesic. There was no evidence of a difference in side-effects (such as serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of effect). We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. There is currently no high-certainty evidence to support the use of parateamol alone or in combination with strong painkillers for the first two steps on the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
The review found that all of the drugs used in these days have a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of the drug) and there is a high chance that they will bias the result in favour of the control group. The drug used in most of the trials was the antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin). The other drugs used were: oryzanol (rice bran oil and rutosides), suo quo wan (sparkbush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) and the herbal medicine suooeven (a mixture of ginger and lemongrass). Most of the studies of these drugs were of poor quality and the quality of the evidence was low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 6 RCTs with a total of 195 adults with MS. The age range of participants ranged from 18 to 65 years. The duration of the treatments ranged from 3 to 12 weeks, and the length of the interventions ranged from 4 to 20 weeks. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. We found that people with MS who had received treatment for at least 2.5 weeks were more than twice as likely to be able to breathe on their own than those who had not received treatment. There was no difference in the amount of pressure they were able to breath on themselves. However, people who had been trained to breathe with a strength-type (respirative) muscle training device showed a greater improvement in their breathing ability. We were not able to assess quality of life due to the lack of information provided in this review. We rated the quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes as low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. The quality of evidence for most of the outcome measures was low. The main reason for this was that we did not have a lot of data.
We searched for all randomised trials on medical treatments for ITP in pregnancy. We found only one trial (involving 41 women) that compared the use of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication. This trial did not show a difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the urine) and neonatal bleeding in the newborn. We conclude that there is not enough data to be sure that this drug is a good choice for treating ITP. Further research is needed.
We found one study (Razmju 2011) and one trial (30 participants) that met our criteria for the review. Both of the studies were from Iran and both were conducted in the 1980s. In the smaller study, four DALK surgeries had to be stopped early due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the trial (J Javadi 2010) we found that the treatment of keratoconus pre-surgery with either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty did not go ahead as planned. No post-suture graft failures were reported in the DALK group of both study. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate. The studies were small and both had a high risk of bias, which means that we do not know the true effect of the surgery. We found no differences in outcomes with regards to BCVA at three months post-graft or at any of the other time points analysed (GRADE rating: very low). We also found no evidence of a difference in outcome for graft survival, final UCVA or keratometric outcome. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were found in both treatment groups. For both types of surgery, these included postoperative astigmatism (scarring in the centre of the corneal stoma) and inflammation of the blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come together. In recipients of DALK, one participant had invasive cornea and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane (the part of the eye used to keep the cornea closed), which is used as a barrier between the eyes). In the other group, one person needed graft resuturing and one person had an atony tumour (clouding of the eyes due to dilates and is non-reaction to the eye). In both groups, other side effects, such as narrowing of the eosinophils, inflammation of eosinsophils and bleeding from the nose, occurred in about 1 in 4 (24%) more of the ear and 2% (17%) of the whole eye. One of the patients had a very high blood pressure and one case of nose bleeds. We did not find any difference in quality of life between the groups.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies of iron supplements in women with PCOS. We found 67 trials (from 76 reports), with a total of 8506 women. Most of the trials (10) were well-conducted (low risk of bias) but only 10 were of low or very low risk (high risk of systematic bias) and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. Women were less likely to be anaemic at the end of iron treatment than women who were not taking iron (10 studies, 3273 women). Women taking iron had a higher haemoglobin and iron stores (51 studies, 6861 women). We found that women who took iron were more likely to have a lower risk of becoming anaemic (7 studies, 1088 women) than those who did not take iron (7 trials, 7861 participants). We also found that iron increased the amount of iron stored in their blood (7 of 1214 women) compared to those who were taking control (6 trials, 1190 women). However, we did not find an increased risk of having a hard stools/diarrhoea (8 trials, 1036 women) or a loose stools (8 studies, 1214 patients). We did not identify an increase in the rate of side effects from iron supplements (five trials, 521 women). Evidence that iron supplements improve mental health in women is uncertain, as we were not able to pool (meta-analyse) the findings due to variation in results across studies. We did find that taking iron reduces the number of cases of anaemia and iron-deficiency anaemia in the short-term (i.e. anaemia due to lack of iron in the urine) and long-term risk of death (one study, 55 women). The use of iron does not seem to increase the risk of adverse side effects.
We found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The top-up search was carried out in order to find out if the use of combination chemotherapy/irinotecan/fluoropyrimidine is a good way to reduce the risk of death from any cause. We did not find any studies that looked at the role of the drugs in terms of side effects. We found that the quality of the evidence for the outcomes overall survival and progression-free survival was low. The quality of evidence for toxicity was assessed as low to moderate. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision is less likely to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and has less impact on lung function. Pain is less clear and should be assessed with caution but some of the data from the transverse incision suggests a transversal incision may be less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times. Pain may be reduced with a transside incision but this does not seem to be important as it is a part of the body that is not used for the rest of the day. There is a need for more studies to be done to find out which is the best incision.
We found nine studies (981 participants) that compared MBR to usual care for subacute LBP. Five studies were from Europe and four from the USA. The mean age across studies ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. Five of the studies were conducted in Europe, and the other four in North America. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. All of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way the study was designed and performed). We found that in people who received MBR, pain and disability in the short-term were lower than if they received usual care, and people were more likely to return to work 12 months later. However, when we looked for adverse events in both the treatment and control groups, none of the included study reports on adverse events. On the other hand, people who receive MBR will do no more or no worse than those who receive other treatments (e.g. light mobilization program (two studies) and a graded activity program (one study)) in terms of pain, function, and time away from work. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of MBR on return-to-work. The evidence is current to January 2017.
We included 18 randomised controlled trials with a total of 4843 participants. Bisphosphonates are a class of drugs commonly used to treat prostate cancer metastatic to bone and are commonly used in the treatment of men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. We found that men with prostate cancer are more likely to have pain reduction if they are treated with bisphosphosphonate (19 fewer to 114 more men per 1000 men). We found no difference in the number of men who died (16 fewer to 21 more per 1000 per year), or in the rate of death due to any cause (14 more to 14 more per year per year). We also found that people who were treated with ibuprofen probably had less bone pain (58 fewer to 27 fewer per year) and less need for analgesic analgesics (4 more to 50 more per day) than those who were given placebo (17 more to 1794 per day). We did not find a difference in how many men had osteonecrosis of the jaw (a condition in the jaw that results in scarring due to cancer spreading to the bone) or how much pain they had (5 fewer to 1626 per day per year compared with 3 more to 10 more per years per year in the placebo group). We were not able to combine the results of our analyses due to variation in the definition of 'quality of life' and the methods used to assess this in a wide range of studies. We are uncertain as to whether there is a clear difference in men with cancer who are able to reduce their pain when they are on bisophosphonic drugs compared to those who are not on the other side of the prostate cancer (i.e. men who are unable to use analgesics). We are moderately certain that men who have bone metastitis due to prostate cancer will not have more pain than men who do not receive these drugs. However, we are not sure if men with this cancer will have as much pain as men with other cancers that are not cancerous to bone (e.g. colorectal cancer, prostate cancer, and oesophageal cancer). We do not know whether men with these cancers will have more or less pain than those with cancer that is not cancerised to bone. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low.
We found five RCTs (involving 1093 patients) that compared high-dose and low-dose stem cell transplantation in patients with relapsed follicular leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged as open-blind (i.e. they were not blinded). Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), we were not able to pool the data in a meta-analysis. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from a range of 0.25 to 6.61. We found a significantly greater PFS in the HDT + ASCT arm (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). For the subgroup of trials adding rituximab (a new drug) to both treatment arms (one trial) confirms these effects and the trial had to stop early due to a significant PFS advantage in the high-pressure-based arm (PFS: 0.88; 95% CI 0.40 to 1.92; P = 0.78). In the four trials in the control arm (n = 70) there are no differences in terms of death due to any cause, cancer recurrences (cancer recurred in the blood stream) or other cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported in the studies. For the one trial (included in subgroup) there were more adverse events in patients who received high-volume (high-pressure) stem cell transplation (mostly infections and haematological) than in those who received chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy. For patients who had relapsed fl, there is some evidence (one study) that high-intensity stem cell transfusions are more likely to prolong survival and decrease the risk of cancer recurrence compared with chemotherapy or treatment with anti-leukaemia drugs alone. However, this result is based on a subgroup analysis of one trial. For this trial, no results were reported for death from any cause or cancer recurred. In summary, we found a strong PFS benefit for high-duration stem cell treatment compared with placebo or no transfusions in the first-time patients with follicle-fibrotic cancer. No difference in death from cancer recurring in blood cancers was found. No serious adverse events were found in the patients who were treated with high-quality stem cell therapy. No statistically significant differences in cancer recurrent in blood cancer were seen in the people who were given high- or low-pressure stem cell immunosuppressive drugs.
We found 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. WDD is often used as an add-on treatment with other antipsychotics. There was a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the design or conduct of the trial) when WDD was included in the review. We found that WDD may have some short-term (one to three weeks) benefit when used with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, but WDD does not seem to have a long-term benefit (up to three years). WDD appears to be well-tolerated and should be used in combination with other anti-psychotics. However, we found no information on quality of life, mental health care use or cost. The quality of the evidence is low. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD.
This is an update of the Cochrane review, which was first published in 2013. We found three new RCTs (228 participants), for a total of 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. The review assessed six comparisons: 1. Multistrand and superelastic (non-muscle-titanium) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and we were able to combine the data from two of them. 2. Single-strand (single-musculoskeletal) ar wires. We were not able to pool (meta-analyse) the results of the studies due to inconsistency in the results. 3. Conventional and non-muscalic (frosted) nesiritide (a type of tooth-filling material). There were two studies in each group. 4. Joebel (a soft-walled) ar wire. There was one study in each arm. 5. One study was in each hand. 6. Superelal (a strong metal) wire. We are unable to draw any conclusions about the use of any particular type of ar wire or whether there is a benefit to any other in terms of the alignment of the teeth or pain at day 1. There is low- to very low-risk of bias in the studies. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias (i.e. three studies) and three to be of low risk (1 study). Six studies were unclear. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the comparisons.
We searched a wide range of medical databases to find all randomised trials on this topic. We found just one randomised study of 306 elderly people with a mean age of 86 years. The study was carried out across 16 nursing homes in France. We did not find any data on behavioural change. We also found one ongoing study. We do not know if the people in the study were aware of which group the participants were in. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the use of de-escalation due to the lack of data. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures.
We included 13 trials with a total of 1316 adults. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up. Nine of the 1316 participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or hospitalised. Eleven of the trials were short term (up to 28 September 2016). One of them was of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was designed and performed). Nine trials looked at the use of topical skin care products, and one of them looked at use of a skin cleaner. One trial looked at how often the skin cleaners were used. Two of the studies were of low to very low quality. We found that soap and water performed poor in the prevention and treatment of IAD. Soap and water were not as good as either soap or water in reducing the number of patients who developed IAD (low or very low). We found evidence that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be more effective than not applying a left-on products. No study reported on the quality of the treatment or on side effects. We did not find any trials that looked at other skin care methods. There is a need for more research to find out which is the best way to prevent and treat IAD in adults. This review is up-to-date as of 28 April 2016.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antiviral agents (acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral) in patients with IM. We found seven RCTs with 333 patients. The age range of the patients ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral drugs used in the trials varied between the trials. The duration of the treatments ranged from 20 days to six months. Follow-up varied from 10 days to 20 months. The quality of the evidence is very low due to the risk of bias (i.e. the studies were at unclear or high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms)) and the small numbers of patients included in the studies. This means that we do not know the true effect of these drugs. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 April 2015. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four randomised trials with a total of 2250 adults who received one of insulin detemir or glargine for 24 to 52 weeks. One of the trials was conducted in the UK, the other three in the USA. All four studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). The duration of the studies ranged from 4 to 24 weeks. Insulin glargate was dosed once-a-day in the evening. The other two drugs were dosed twice-daily in the same way. The results of our review did not show that there is a difference in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia (low blood pressure) between the treatment groups. Glycosylation of haemoglobin A1c and HbA1c (a long-term measure of glycosylate) (which are needed for a healthy blood pressure of at least 7% with and less than 7% without diabetes) did not differ in 24-hour profiles between the two drugs. There was no difference in the amount of glucose in the blood at night (hyperglycaemia) or in the level of ketorolac (a type of glucose molecule) in the short-term (up to 24 hours) in any of the treatments. Treatment with insulins led to less weight gain. The safety of the drugs was not assessed in any study. Only one study assessed health-related quality of life and showed no difference between the drugs. Our results do not allow us to draw any conclusions about the safety of these drugs.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that SNS has been used for many years but has not been used in the last five years. SNS is a non-steroidal anti-fibrotic drug that is used to treat urinary incontinence. Steroid drugs are used to control urine leakage. This review assessed the effects of SNS for people who have had a severe episode of faecal incontence. We found six randomised controlled trials that assessed the use of SENS in the treatment of people who are having a serious episode of urine inconturia. The SNS was used in six of these: a parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, a cross-over (cross-over) trial by Kahlke, a crossover trial by Sørensen and colleagues, and a meta-randomised trial by Vaizey. All six of the comparisons were cross- over (i.e. both the SNS group and the control group). SNS was compared with either the percutaneous tibial (PTNS) group or the 'percutaneous' (peritoneal) group. In the parallel group trials, results were mixed: 53 participants with severe incontinate in the 'SNS' group experienced fewer episodes of urine leakage compared to the group who did not. Adverse events were reported in three participants: pain at implant site (6%),  leg pain (1); minimal tingling (2); misplacement of a tined lead (1) and pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2). Two trials assessed sustained pain withdrawal due to failure of the device. Two studies assessed the use of suturing. One of them was carried out in the UK, and the other in the USA. Both of them were conducted in the 1980s and both in the 1990s. Key results: Nineteen of the 27 participants who used SNS in combination with other antifungal drugs experienced a reduction in the frequency of urine leaks. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still using SNS chose the duration of stimulation they had preferred. Also, in one study, 19 of 27 patients who use SNS with the 'on' and five of 27 who use the 'off' method experienced a decrease in the number of episodes of incontination. Results: Abdominal pain and bloating occurred 79% of the time during the 'offs' period compared with five of 33% of those who used suture. Further research is required to find out the best SNS method.
The review of two well-designed and low risk of bias trials (involving 190 participants) found that molar tubes bonded with either a drug-free (molar band) or a light-cured (non-drug) adhesive were more likely to fail than those bonded with glass ionomer cement. No other side-effects from the use of these tubes were identified. However, given there were limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more clear conclusions.
We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that could be included in the meta-analysis. We identified 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were stage with EUS. We found that EUS is better than other methods of diagnosis such as T1a or T2 (muscle-infiltrating) cancers, or T1b (submucosal) cancers or both. However, we must be aware that physicians should be warned that when interpreting the results, EUS should be used with caution due to the high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of EUS). We did not find any studies that compared EUS with other tests (e.g. T2 or 5), or used it as a first-line diagnostic test for any type of cancer. We also found that when we looked at all of the studies, we found that most of them were performed in the same way: in the first half, the EUS test was performed on all types of cancer, and in the second half, it was used on just a few types of cancers. We were not able to tell whether EUS was better or worse than other diagnostic tests for any of the cancers because we did not have enough data. We need to be aware of the fact that some of the trials were done in a way that did not allow us to be certain about the accuracy of the test. We must be certain that doctors are not always certain that they are correct when they say that a cancer is in a specific stage of the stomach cancer, or that the cancer is spread to a certain part of the body (the 'T1a' stage) or the other part (T2) or both, and that the true result is likely to be close to the cancer but that we do not know which part the cancer will be in). Moreover, we have to be sure that physicians are not wrong when they tell us which stage the cancer was in. We are not sure if doctors are right when telling us which stages the cancer.
We found six randomised trials with a total of 492 patients. The duration of laparoscopic cholecystectomy was day-surgery laparoscopy (laparoscopically removed part of the gallbladder) in one study and overnight stay laparotomy (keyhole surgery) in the other study. The number of patients in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean age of the participants ranged from 40 to 47 years. The risk of bias of the trials ranged from 20% to 31% and the risk of systematic error (bias) ranged from 10% to 30%. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from very low to high. There were no deaths in the short-term in any of the groups. There was no difference in the rate of long-term deaths (i.e. six months or more) between the two groups. However, one of the studies (involving 464 patients) reported that there were no short- term deaths in either group. There did not seem to be a difference between the rates of serious side-effects (such as pain, pain due to the gallstones, bleeding from the liver, or failure to be discharged as planned) or in the need to be readmitted to the hospital. No difference was seen in the number of people who needed to be hospitalised for any reason. No differences were seen in quality of life, pain, length of stay in hospital, hospital readmission rate, time to return to normal activity, or the need for hospital readmissions. For all outcomes, we found that laparomy laparopy laparoscope surgery was just as safe as the overnight stay surgery. The evidence for all of the outcome measures was low to very low. The reason for this was that many of the results were imprecise.
We found eight studies, involving 2488 adults, and 415 more adults, all of whom had painful HIV-neuropathy. We found that high-concentration topical capsaicin provided more pain relief (at both 8 weeks and 12 weeks) than placebo, with an average 2 to 8-week pain reduction of 10% and a mean of 7%, compared with 2 to 12 weeks with placebo. At the same time, we found that about 10% more adults had at least half of the pain that would be needed to treat the pain, compared with those who had placebo. This was the case for both posthergia (4 studies) and pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy (1 study). There were no deaths. Side-effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with control (2.2%) (six to eight) (six studies, 21 to 67 events). No deaths were reported. We judged only one study as high risk of bias (i.e. high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was designed and performed). We rated the quality of the evidence for most outcomes as low or very low due to small sample sizes and few events.
We found three randomised trials (involving 6343 participants) that compared carotid artery surgery for people with ischaemic stroke. All three of the studies were performed in the 1980s and 1990s. We did not pool the data from all three studies, as they used different measures of ischaemia and definitions of stroke. However, we did pool data from 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), who were followed up from one year to five years. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis, but did not increase the risk in those with 30% to 49% stenitis. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenitis, and highly beneficial for those with 70% to 99% steniasis, but not in those without near-occlusion (low- or very low-risk). We found no improvement in the risk of having a further stroke. There was no effect on any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. We also found no benefit in the prevention of a new stroke in the short-term (i.e. up to one year). We rated the quality of the evidence from the three studies as low to high.
We searched for all randomized and non-randomized studies that compared the use of a stoma to prevent parastomal herniation. We found only one study that met our criteria. We did not find any randomized controlled trial (RCTs), quasi-RCT (studies in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared). We found 10 retrospective cohort studies (involving a total of 864 patients) that met the inclusion criteria. All of the patients had a rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60), and other stoma-related cancer. All participants received their stoma in the course of an open stoma placement. The reasons for place of the stoma (e.g. colonoscopy, colostomy placement) and the way they were selected (i.e. age, co-morbidities, disease-severity) varied between studies. All studies reported results for the primary outcome (parastomal prolapse) and one of the secondary outcomes (stoma prolapse). None of the trials assessed other outcomes that we were interested in (quality of life or other morbidity or death from any cause). We concluded that there is still a lack of high-quality data to guide us on the best technique of stoma formation.
This is an update of the review that was first published in 2012. We found four new studies in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in March 2015. This review now includes 24 randomised trials, with 2126 participants. We did not find any difference in the rates of relapse, hospitalisation or general functioning (the main outcomes of this review) between people who received psychosocial or psychodynamic treatment and those who received standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological treatments (such as CBT, CBT and CBT) over supportive therapy. This means that people who receive these treatments may have better outcomes than those who receive standard care, however these results are based on a few, very low quality, small studies. There was not enough evidence to be sure that they were similar in terms of the rate of relapse (4 RCTs, n = 306, RR 1.82 CI 1.11 to 2.99), hospitalisation rates (3 RCTS, 3) and improvement in mental state (1 RCT, 4) as well as the quality of treatment for the recipients of care. We were not able to compare these with each other due to the lack of data. When we looked at the same outcome (the rate of rate of hospitalisation) we found no difference, leaving the study early and quality of life, but we did find that when we compared them to each other (CBT), we found that CBT was better than CBT. However, we did not have enough data to be able to draw conclusions about which is the best way to treat people with schizophrenia. We rated the overall quality of the evidence for the main outcome of hospitalised hospitalisation as very low.
We searched for all randomised studies that looked at the use of NSAIDs in people with cancer pain lasting at least one week. We found 11 randomised, double-blind, and open-label (a type of study in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared). We found that NSAIDs are well-tolerated drugs that are commonly used to treat cancer pain. We are not able to say whether or not they are better than other medicines used for cancer pain such as codeine. We do not know from the studies we looked at whether they are as good as other medicines that are used for the same amount of pain. Withdrawals due to lack of effect (24%) or adverse events (5%) were common with NSAIDs. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There were no deaths with any of the drugs (22%). We judged the quality of evidence for all of the outcomes as very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. We found one study (with a total of 253 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was very low. The evidence is up to date as of 1 April 2015. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group, and also at day 4 (P < 0.05 (ANOVA)). This means that at this time, we would not be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of these drugs in terms of their effects on pain severity. However, we did find that in the short term (i.e. one day), participants in the dalteparin group had more rapid resolution of pain than those in the dummy heparin group, as measured by a scale of 0.78 days. In the other hand, people in the control group had statistically more days in the hospital. Only two minor bleeding events were reported as side-effects, and none were in the treatment group. The other study (involving 34 participants) was of unclear to high risk of bias and was a randomised study with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.i. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue (x-ray) scale, in the Daltepin group compared with placebo group. This is based on the results of this study. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely painful for sufferers of sickle Cell disease; therefore well-designed placebo-controlled trials with more than one type of drug (e.g. duloxetine) still need to be carried out.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. There were also no randomised randomised clinical trials that looked at the same topic. There are too few data available for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefit or harm of any of these drugs.
This review of 26 RCTs (2066 patients) found that there is not enough evidence to be able to decide whether silver-containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection. There is some poor quality evidence for SSN, which suggests the opposite. There should be more research in this area.
We found 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All studies looked at the use of one antibiotic (carbapenems) versus one or more antibiotics (imipenem-cilastatin or tigecycline) for the prevention of VAP and we did not find a difference in all-cause deaths, clinical cure, length of stay in the ICU, or side effects. All but one of the 12 studies reported sources of funding or other funding sources. In all but one study, sources of bias were not reported for all participants. There was potential for bias because some of the studies did not report outcomes for all patients. We found no difference in the risk of death or side-effects in people who received carbapenem or other antibiotics for VAP, but we found that there was an increase in the chance of clinical cure for those who were treated with carbapensems. This effect was due to a single study. We did not identify any patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, so these data may not be relevant to all people. Due to lack of data, we were not able to find out which antibiotic is the best for treating VAP based on the best treatment regime.
We found 29 studies (12 of which were included in the review) that looked at policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. We found that when the drugs were targeted, people used their medicines less often, and spent less time on them (up to 2 years). This was so whether the drug class was targeted or not (gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammant drugs). We did not find that people used the medicines as often as those who did not (6 studies). When the medicines were used more often, they did not use them as much as if the medicine was not used (2 trials). Also, people who used the drugs less often and used them less often (2 studies) did not need to take more medicines (2 study). There was no effect on the use of other medicines (e.g. antihypertensives and statins). Finally, there was no impact on the amount of time people spent on medicines (6 trials) or on the number of people who stopped taking them (2 trial). The quality of the evidence was high for both drug classes. This is because most of the research was done in a way that made it hard for people to guess which medicine they were getting (i.e. the drugs they were taking). Unfortunately, we did not have enough data to tell us which drug class the drug classes were in. Therefore, we do not know whether the drugs are in the same class as the other drugs. There is a need for more research in this area.
This Cochrane Review includes 19 randomised trials with a total of 4232 participants. The evidence is up to date as of 19 June 2015. The studies reported a wide range of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was some low- to very low-certainty evidence that any form of one-to-one OHA is better than no OHA, gingivitis, plaque or tooth decay at all time points. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure that any specific OHA method is better or worse than any other method. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. There were not enough data to be certain that any particular OHA approach is the most effective. More research is required to find out which method is best to use for the treatment of oral health problems.
This is an update of 'The Cochrane Capsulitis Review', first published in 2010. The review includes five small randomised trials (30 and 49 participants) that used the same treatment (oral steroids) but did not use the same dose or dose of the drug. Oral steroids provided short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis (4 to 6 weeks) compared to placebo (2 to 4.0 mg per day) but benefits were not maintained at 6 weeks. In one of the trials, 48% more of the participants in the oral steroids group and 40% in the placebo group reported success. In the other trial, oral steroids provided a more rapid improvement in pain compared to no treatment. However, the benefit was not maintained after five months. A third trial, which compared oral steroids with intra-articular (involving 28 participants) steroids, found that oral steroids were better than placebo in terms of pain relief (2.7 points better on a 0 to 10 point scale). In the fourth study, oral corticosteroids reduced shoulder pain by 23.3 points.
The purpose of this review was to assess the efficacy and safety of rTMS in the treatment of ALS. We found three trials with a total of 50 participants. All three of the trials were of poor quality in terms of the way they were designed and performed. The high rate of attrition in all three trials made it difficult to pool the data. None of the included trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One of the three randomised, placebo-controlled trial (RCT) included in the review provided data in a suitable form for analysis of our secondary outcome. No difference was seen in the ALS functional rating scale and manual muscle test (MMT) at 12 months in one of the RCTs and six months in the other trials. No adverse events were reported. However, in view of the small sample size, the quality of the evidence and the lack of reporting of the outcomes, we cannot be sure about the safety of treatment with recombinant TMS in ALS. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 10 studies with a total of 1049 participants. All 10 of the 10 trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of the drug). All of the trials were of high to moderate risk of systematic error (ie, overestimate of the benefits of the treatment because of the way it was designed and performed). We found that adding a treatment called 'phosphonate' to prednisone (a corticosteroid) did not give more benefit to patients than oral prednisolone (1.0 mg/kg) at any dose. There were no differences seen for the use of other drugs (clobetasol, tetracycline, azathioprine, mycophenolate mofetil) in people with BP. There was no difference in the number of people who died or had adverse events with any of the drugs. We did not find any studies that used a placebo (a pill) as a comparator. We conclude that very potent topical steroids are effective and safe for BP, but their use in the long term may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (lower dose) are safe and effective in moderate BP.
The herbal medicines were compared with placebo (pretend treatment), or with either no herbal medicine (placebo), in 75 randomised trials involving 7957 participants. Herbal medicines were tested in 79% of the trials. Herbs were used in all types of medicine, and most of them were combined in the herbal medicine arm. Her herbs were used together with other medicines, or used on their own. The herbal medicines tested in the trials were tested against placebo, or with other herbal medicines, in a range of different types of medicines, such as a herbal medicine Padma Lax, Chinese herbal medicine Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation. Herb medicines were usually used in combination with other herbs, or alone. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, herbal medicines should be used with caution due to poor methods in some of the studies, small sample sizes, and lack of reliable data. No major adverse events from the herbs were reported. Some herbs should be investigated in large-scale, high-certainty trials.
We found 22 randomised trials that looked at the use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a pericoital method to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the USA. The drugs and doses assessed included levonorgestrel (LNG), LNG in doses greater than 0.75 mg, LNG at all doses, and other hormones other than LNG. Most of the LNG regimens provided good results but many of them had problems with their methods. Menstrual side effects were the most frequent. The LNG method was used in most studies but was not used as a contraceptive method in all. Most women liked the pericoit method in spite of frequent menstruations. Other hormonal drugs such as LNG, Larenzapine, and Pericoital LNG seemed to work well. However, most of them were not studied very much. We did not have enough data to be sure that they worked well. The quality of the evidence for LNG as a contraception method was high. We found that most of the studies were of low or very low quality, and that LNG was not shown to be effective or safe.
This is an update of the previous version of the Cochrane review, which was published in 2013. We added 14 new studies to the search in 2014. We found 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of most of the patients was 12 to 54 years, and most of them were from a much wider age range (12 to 54). Most of the participants were male (eight of the 15 studies). The number of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a greater number of female patients in seven of them. The quality of the evidence for the main outcome of mesiodistal movement of the upper first molar was high. This is a measure of how well the teeth are fixed in the mouth when the mouth is closed. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgery for this outcome. For the same reason, there was evidence that surgery was more effective in the reinforcement of the molar (1.68 mm greater). For the rest of the results, we are not able to draw any conclusions. There were too few reports on harms (harms) for any of the two types of surgery. None of the trials reported on harms caused by the surgery. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to put the first molars back in place.
We included 50 studies with 45,285 adults with CKD. The risk of bias in the studies was high. We were able to pool the data from 38 studies (37,274 adults) and found that people who have CKD who have statins have a lower risk of death, heart attack, or stroke than those who have placebo or no treatment. We found that statins are likely to reduce the risk of heart attacks, strokes, and death in people who do not have CVD. We are not sure if statins reduce the risks of death or heart attack. We do not know whether or not statin therapy is harmful. We did not find enough evidence to be sure about the safety of statin treatment. The potential harms from statin therapies were limited by lack of data and were uncertain in studies that had few events: elevated creatine kinase (a drug used to lower blood pressure), liver damage due to adverse events, and cancer.
We found nine randomised trials with a total of 379 participants. Five of the trials on CP and four on OI. All of the participants in the trials had cerebral palsy (CP) (aged 2 to 19 years). All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were parallel designed RCTs. Three of the studies on CP looked at the use of an anticonvulsant (baclofen) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials looked at bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). None of the other studies looked at analgesics (drugs commonly used as painkillers). All the studies were conducted in the 1980s when drugs were not used as analgesics as often as they are used these days. Most of the people in the studies had CP. For the two ITB studies for CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo). In these studies most of the side-effects caused by the drug, such as swelling at the pump site, occurred in those who received the drug. In one trial there were eight side-side-effects; these were reported in both the treatment group and the group that did not receive the drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent side-effect in people who were treated with alendranate. In the other two trials, in which one of the treatment arms was compared with the other, there was no difference in pain. At follow-up in both treatment arms there were no differences in pain between the two treatment arms. The only one study with over 100 participants found that the treatment arm had over half of the pain. No side-related side effects occurred in the placebo group. The trial with over 50% of the patients reported no side-events in the control arm. No adverse events were found in this trial. We were not able to find out if any of the drugs commonly used for pain in CYP with LLCs are effective. The quality of the included trials was mixed. This is due to the low.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that latrepirdine does not seem to be a drug of first choice for Alzheimer’s disease. However, there is some evidence that it may improve some aspects of behaviour (e.g. tiredness, tiredness) when used as an add-on to anticonvulsants in Alzheimer's disease. There is not a lot of information on the use of latrepiritine in the treatment of people with Alzheimer's diseases. Further research is needed to find out the role of this drug in the long-term and whether it has any effect on the symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease. The quality of the evidence to date has been assessed as low. This means that we are not able to be certain that the true results are close.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared RIC with no RIC in adults with ischaemic stroke. We found seven RCTs involving 735 adults. We analysed the effects of RIC on the prevention of and treatment of ischaemia stroke and carotid stenosis, and we found that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce the rate of stroke severity in those with acute ischaememia stroke. RIC treatment may increase the number of people who will have at least one additional stroke in the short term (up to one year). The rate of adverse events due to RIC was higher in the RIC group than in the group that did not receive RIC, but no severe adverse event was reported. No participants experienced death or heart attack (heart attack or stroke) during the period of the studies. We did not find any RIC-based studies that looked at the effect of Ric on the frequency of haemorrhagic stroke (stroke due to blood clots in a blood vessel). We assessed risk of bias and judged it to be low for six studies and unclear in one study; unclear for four studies; high for two studies; low for three studies; and high for other sources of bias (i.e. bias due to the design of the RCT). We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that Ric may prevent recurrent strokes in the ischaema stroke.
We included six RCTs, involving 204 preterm babies born preterm. We found low- and very low-quality data on the benefits and harms of adding protein to human milk for preterm infants. We did not find any data on long-term growth, body mass index, body weight, or brain growth. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Low-quality evidence showed that the use of protein in human milk increased short-term rates of growth in weight, length, and head growth. There was no difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness (triceps and triceps) or in serum albumin levels (albumin levels) in the protein and unsupplemented groups. However, the quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes due to small sample sizes, low risk of bias, and low certainty of the results. No data were available about the effects of adding extra protein to the human milk of preterm newborn babies.
We found 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. PEMs are used world-wide as a tool for health care professionals to improve the care they provide. They are used in a wide range of different ways, and they are most commonly used when they are used alone or as part of a multifaceted intervention. We found that when used alone, PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on the care given to health care providers. There were too few data available to be sure that they are beneficial to the health of patients. Unfortunately, we were not able to combine the data from all of the studies, which meant that we could not be certain that PEM was effective in the care of the patient. In the meantime, we do not know if the use of PEM is better than other methods of health care. The quality of the research is high. This review is up-to-date as of 15 June 2013.
The review found 23 RCTs, most of which were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. outpatient care), that aimed to reduce the spread of STIs and increase the use of condoms in young people. Most of the studies provided information about STIs, and taught safer sex skills. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. There were few effects on biological (STI) outcomes. None of the included studies mentioned the cause of the STIs (pneumonia, chlamydia, gonorrhoeitis, and perinatal cancer). There were no effects on the rate of progression to cervical cancer.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Review, which was first published in 2013. We found 20 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2337 participants. Nineteen of the RCTs were in the short term (three weeks or less) and the other one was in the long term (four weeks or more). The evidence is up to date as of 22 February 2015. We found that short-term (three to six weeks) and long-term treatment (two to six months) are the most likely ways to reduce the risk of relapse (i.e. the length of time that the drug is prescribed) and increase the number of people who are able to take their medication. This is based on mainly low to very low quality data from a small number of randomised trials. The brief-term approach appears to be as good as it can be. It does not seem to be harmful. There is a need for more research to be done in this area. In particular, more research is needed to find out if brief psychosocial education is a good way to help people with schizophrenia who are not able or will not be able to use their medicines. This plain-language summary was written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (mcpin.org/).
We searched for all randomised trials that compared LAMA+LABA to LABA+ICS in adults with COPD. We found 11 trials with a total of 9839 participants. Most of the people included in the trials had moderate to severe COPD, without recent flare-ups (e.g. bronchitis). Most of them were followed up for 6 to 52 weeks. One study that was sponsored by a drug manufacturer was the largest. All but one of the trials were sponsored by drug manufacturers. The unsponsored study was at high risk of bias, which means that it may not have reported all of the results of the study. The other trials were funded by a wide range of drug and non-pharmaceutical sources. Compared to the LABA +ICS arm, we found that LAMA +LABA had a lower risk of having a flare-up of COPD (4% versus 5%), a higher risk of a lung infection (2% versus 71%), and more frequent improvement in quality of life (up to 4% versus 4%). These results are based on low to moderate quality data. For the use of LAMA, LAMA has a higher rate of lung infections, a lower rate of pneumonia, and a greater rate of an increase over 4 points on a 0 to 10 point range. The quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes was low. This means that the true results are likely to be close to the truth, but that we are uncertain about the true result.
We included three RCTs with 91 children aged 6 months to 4 years. All three studies compared heliox with other medicines used to treat croup. Two of the studies were from the USA (two studies) and one from Spain (the third). All three of the trials were of high risk of bias. Risk of bias was low in one study and high in the other study due to an open-label design. We added no new trials for this update. The studies lasted from 7 to 16 months. One study of 15 children with mild croup found that heliox may not be as good as 30% (30%) humidified (cooled) oxygen given for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 hours. The mean croup scores at 20 and 60 hours after the end of treatment may not differ between groups. Heliox may be slightly better than 30% humidified oxygen at 90 hours, but may have little or no effect on mean lung rate and heart rate. Children with mild to moderate croup may have lower mean Taussig croup levels at 60 hours but not at 120 hours. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this study as low or very low quality due to imprecision and the small numbers of children included in the study. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intubation (the use of a tube inserted in the airway into the chest), or parental anxiety. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 7 February 2015. We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) and included them in the review. We did not find any new RCTs since the last review was last published in 2013. The studies included 29 groups of red flag tests, with only two of them included in more than two studies. The overall risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selective and imprecise findings due to the poor reporting of most of the studies. We were not able to combine the results of many of the included studies due to variation in the methods used to assess each of the red flag test. We conclude that a combination of a small subset of red flags may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture in patients with LBP. Based on data from only a few studies, very few individual red flags appear informative as most of them have poor accuracy. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates (i.e. high number of false positives) and that if the decision about which red flag to use is made on the basis of the patient's symptoms, it could lead to the use of corticosteroid use.
The review found that men with urethral strictures are more likely to need further surgery if they are treated by urethrotomy. There were not enough data to be sure which is the best way to treat them.
We found six studies with a total of 1211 participants. Four of them were in children (two in preschool children and two in school-aged children) and the other two in adults (1204 participants). The age of the children ranged from 5 to 16 years old. The duration of the studies ranged from 12 to 52 weeks. We found that in both children and adults, inhaled ICS appeared to be as good as the other treatments. There was no group difference in the risk of patients with one or more exacerbations (flare-ups) in the daily ICS group (19% in the control group; 19% with intermittent ICS; 17% with continuous ICS). No group difference was seen in the number of people with serious adverse health events (1055 patients; RR 0.82; 95% CI 0.33 to 2.03). In the children (6 to 12 years old) with persistent asthma, there was low evidence that both treatments seemed to be equally effective in the use of rescue oral corticosteroids (14% to -4%) and in the rate of severe side-effects (10% in children; 14% in adults; 10% in both adults and children). We could not be sure that one ICS approach was better than the other because the quality of the evidence was low. We did not have enough data to be certain about this. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the safety of the treatments due to the lack of data. Clinicians should carefully weigh the benefits and harms.
We found 17 randomised trials (involving 1639 people with CKD) that looked at the benefits and harms of diet advice and lifestyle advice for people with chronic kidney disease. We did not look at death from any cause, heart attack or stroke. We looked at death due to any cause (heart attack, stroke, or kidney disease), blood pressure and sugar levels in the blood, as these are the most commonly reported outcomes. We found that dietary interventions may improve health-related quality of life, glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (i.e. the amount of blood pumped around the body each day) and serum albumin (a blood pressure-lowering drug used to lower blood pressure) as well as blood and lipid levels. We also found that a low-iron (iron) enriched diet, a polyphenol (a type of fruit and vegetable) diet and a high-calorie diet all seem to help the body to take more fruit and vegetables. However, we do not know if any of these benefits outweigh the costs as we did not find any data on death from all cause or heart attacks or strokes. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the safety of the diet advice or lifestyle advice as very few studies have looked at this. We need large-scale and high-scale randomised studies to find out the effects of dietary interventions.
We found one study (with a total of 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with bronchiolitis) that met the criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. We found that nebulised salbutamol (a medicine used to treat asthma) is effective in the short-term for children up to three years old. However, it is not clear if it is an effective medicine in the long-term. We did not find any adverse effects from the use of these medicines. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to be able to decide whether using either a mist or a steam inhalation is a good way to reduce the symptoms of asthma in children.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years) that looked at the use of statins in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. All of the participants had a diagnosis of the disease and were on a statin. The mean age of participants ranged from 50 to 75 years and all of them had been on a drug called a cholinesterase inhibitor. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. We did not find any randomised or quasi-RCTs that compared statins with other types of drugs used in the management of Alzheimer’s disease. We found that statins do not seem to have any effect on the main outcome measures of the overall symptoms of the Alzheimer”s disease, which is change in Alzheimer's symptoms. There was no difference in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all of the studies. The quality of the evidence for the main outcomes of the review was low.
This is a Cochrane review of four studies involving 149 patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. One study assessed the use of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. At 0.75 mg/kg/day, a dose higher than the dose used in the other three studies, there was no difference in ankle range of motion between groups. One of the studies assessed early surgery in 20 young boys with achilles tendon contractures. Surgery resulted in an increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months, but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgery group experienced a relapse of achille tendon contractionures. There is no evidence of a benefit from any intervention for the treatment of children and adults with either type of disease. Further research is required.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that women in low-risk labour are less likely to have a caesarean section if they are in an upright position. They also have less chance of needing an epidural (epidural) if they do not get the epidural at the first stage of labour. Babies of mothers who are upright are less certain to need an epidurals (if they are lying on their back) when compared with those who are in a recumbent position (with epidural). Upright and ambulant positions do not seem to increase the risk of needing a cephalic (tube) or forceps (e.g. the back of the womb) birth, or the need for epidural. We did not find any difference in the number of women who experienced adverse (adverse) effects on the mother or her baby.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for the use of TOS of any type, but we did not find any RCTs for the other treatments used for TOS. One of the trials (55 participants) compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty (SNBP) of the brachial plexus. TFRRR decreased pain more than SNBP. The trial had a high risk of bias. There were no side effects in either group. The other trial (37 people) compared botulinum toxin (BTX) injection in the scalene muscles with a saline (saline) injection. BTulinum toxins are used to treat TOS and are commonly used in the treatment of tardive dyspepsia. There was no difference in pain with the BTX treatment above saline injection. We found very low risk of side effects with BTX injection. There is very low evidence that transaxil first rib surgery is more effective in pain relief than SSNBP, but it is not clear if it is better than no treatment. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a lack of well-conducted, well-designed, and well-defined trials.
This review of 21 randomised trials (involving 884 adults) found that a hand brace (four trials) and a range of other non-surgical treatments (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-itis drugs) all showed a short-term benefit (up to six months) when compared to placebo or no treatment. Yoga and carpal bone mobilation (two trials) showed a benefit when compared with wrist splinting. In one trial involving 50 people with diabetes, corticosteroids (two-week) and insulin (eight weeks) showed improvement in pain over eight weeks compared with corticostomies (dummy) and placebo. In another trial involving 51 patients, yoga was found to reduce pain after eight weeks. In the third trial, carpal bones mobilised (i.e. locking the bone) was shown to improve pain after three weeks in a group of adults who received no intervention. No non-drug treatments were found to be effective. More research is needed to find out which is the best treatment.
We found one study that compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (antibiotics) with placebo (sham treatment) in a total of 165 adults with CRVO-ME. We found one trial that compared dexamethasone implant (an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor) with a placebo in a number of adult patients. We identified two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 708 adult participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. The two RCTs that we included in this review were of high risk of bias (i.e. we did not find all the data that we wanted to look at). We found that the corticosteroid implant did not improve visual acuity after six months in any of the three treatment arms. The corticostomy in the placebo arm was more likely to gain 15 letters or more in the vision (1 mg versus 4 mg) and 20% versus 8% of participants in the IVS arm were reported to have a side-effect. The most common side-effects seen with IVS were raised intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization (widening of the retinal vein). We assessed the quality of the evidence as low due to limitations in the studies, imprecision of the results, and lack of data.
This review found that intranasal corticosteroids appear to be well-treatable in the short-term (eight weeks) and may be of long-term benefit (four weeks) in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy. The evidence is up-to-date as of 1 April 2015.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared the use of epidurals in non-labouring women with severe pre-eclampsia. We found only one randomised study (involving 24 women) that met our inclusion criteria. This study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (birth during or up to 42 days after the birth of the baby), development of eclampsias or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious adverse events: (1) kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, raised liver enzymes and low platelets), (2) stillbirths (birth in the first week of life), (3) neonatal deaths (birth within 28 days after birth), (4) deaths after the first 28 days; (5) preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks' pregnancy); and (6) babies with a low Apgar score at birth and after five minutes; and (7) the change in maternal diastolic arterial pressure. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low to very low due to the lack of blinding of women and staff, unclear risk of bias in the study and lack of reporting of the outcomes.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with a placebo (sugar pill) or no intervention in adults with alcoholic liver disease. We found 16 randomised controlled trials (studies in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared) that met our criteria for the review. Fifteen of the trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 adults) and 934 adults (aged 25 to 70 years) provided results for the analyses. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 June 2019. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver diseases, and 65% were men. All of the studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. all but one were conducted in an open-labelled way), which means that we cannot be certain that the true effect is true). There was no difference in the risk of death (all-cause) up to three months after the end of treatment (15; very low-certainty evidence) or in the rate of death due to any cause (14; low- or very low certainty) or serious side-effects (10; very- or low-risk of side-side-effects) during the treatment. However, we cannot rule out an increase in side-effect due to the high-quality of the evidence. As the quality of evidence was very low, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefit or harm of glucocouricostomy for all-cause death, liver-related death, or the number of people with any or non-serious side-up to three-month follow-up after treatment. Based on the information that we collected, we found that only one of the 15 trials seemed to be industry-funded, and the other 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. We are very uncertain about the results of this review. The quality of the current evidence is very low. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 245 adults with a mean age of 31 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2016. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the time after stroke was varied. We found that the use of a driving simulator may improve some aspects of cognition, such as recognition of road signs, but we were not able to find any RCTs that looked at the effects of using on-road drivers' skills after stroke. We did not find any studies that looked into the effect of using the technique in the context of rehabilitation. We do not know whether or not people who have had a stroke will be able to drive after the stroke. It is not clear whether the impairments that cause people to be unable to drive are due to the stroke, or whether they will be due to other factors such as age, gender, or the type of stroke. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes ranged from very low to high. The main reason for this was that many of the people in the studies were not blind (i.e. they were not aware of which group they were in), and a high/unclear risk of bias identified in the areas of: quality of life (participants knew which treatment they were getting), and the number of people who dropped out of the study due to withdrawal.
We found eight studies with a total of 582 adults with acute COPD. Five studies with 519 adults (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. The mean ages of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, the percentage of men ranged from 58% to 84% and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure between short-duration (three to seven days) and longer (10 to 15 days) courses of corticosteroid. In five of the studies no difference in risk of a new event was found, but in one large study that was large enough to detect a non-inferiority (time to the next COPD flare-up) was found (five days versus 14 days). Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not change in any of the five studies. We found that shorter courses of steroids (four to five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer courses (10 - 14 days) but we do not know if shorter courses are better than longer courses. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most outcomes. We graded most of the results as moderate.
We found one randomised study (involving 13 participants) that looked at the use of red blood cell transfusions for patients with MDS. We did not identify any other randomised trials. There were no anaemia-related adverse events in the study. The study did not report: death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, number of transfusions per patient per month, length of stay in hospital, or serious bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is a lack of evidence to show which is the best way to give blood transfusions to treat patients with bone cancer who have MDS and no symptoms. Further research is required to find out the best transfusion strategy. This review is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of these games in health care professionals. We found two RCTs. One of them, which was the only RCT included in the meta-analysis, compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based (case-based) learning of stroke prevention and treatment. The quality of the evidence was low. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The other study, in which the participants were randomized to one of the games, found that participants in the group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The results of the other trial did not allow us to draw any conclusions. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the evidence for the use of these drugs in the short-term (three months or less) and long term (three to 12 months) in the prevention of relapse in people with depression and/or schizophrenia. Eight randomised trials (involving 475 people) were included in the review. Two of the trials included a mixed group of people with both bipolar and unipolar symptoms. The results of the review did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. There were no other differences between the drugs in terms of relapse rates. There was no other difference in the rates of side-effects (side-effects due to side-effect) or death due to all causes (death due to any cause or suicide). There is a need for more long-term research in this area.
The amifostine is used world-wide as a drug of the type commonly used in the treatment of thyroid cancer patients. It has been used for over 40 years and is used to treat patients with different types of cancer. This update of the review found only one randomised trial with a low risk of bias and both were of high risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). One study with 80 patients (67 and 63) was included in the review. There were no differences in the incidence of xerostomia (a severe form of otalgia), the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Only one of the trials (involving two patients) reported death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. No health-based outcomes were assessed in the trials. None of the included trials assessed death due to any cause or any cause (heart attack, stroke, kidney cancer), morbidity or health-associated adverse events.
We found three studies involving 45 children (aged 29 months to six years) with Down syndrome. All three of them were small (involving only 45 children altogether) and varied in the length of treatment (12 weeks to six months). One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. The other two studies provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home training sessions (1.5 to 2 hours) over a six-month duration. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, single-week clinic training sessions plus once-weekly home training session for 12 weeks. One of the three studies found gains for the intervention group on total-language scores up to 12 months later. One study found no improvement in parental stress (i.e. how the parents talk to or interact with their children) up to one year after the intervention. No study found improvement in children's socialisation skills up to two years later. Only one of the studies looked at the use of the interventions, and found that mothers in the group that received the treatments attended seven out of nine group therapy sessions and were present for four home visits. No children in the control group were made aware of the target words for their children. No one in either group used the strategies outside of the therapy sessions. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) was used in one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. The overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, was very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in them.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared exercise-based rehabilitation for adults after heart valve surgery compared with no exercise. We found one study from 1987 and one from 2004 with a total of 148 adults who have had heart valves surgery. Both studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). We did not find any studies that looked at death, or the need for surgery, or serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with a control group that did not exercise, people who did have a heart valve valve surgery were more likely to be able to exercise. However, we did not have enough data to be sure of this. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the exercise training on death or the rate of surgery-related complications. We also did not identify any trials that looked into the impact of the training on health-related quality of life. The quality of evidence was very low to low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found five studies (1130 participants) that looked at meditation for people in the end-of-life care. All five of them were conducted in the same part of the world (the end-stage) and involved a wide range of different types of patients. Two of them looked at the use of meditation, the others looked at other types of palliative care (including those that involve a nurse or a counsellor, or both). We found no difference between meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was used in combination with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in the overall well-quality of life of the meditation group. In the patalative care intervention group there was no significant difference in the level of well-healment (i.e. the amount of time that the patient lives with the disease) between the two groups. In all five of the studies it is unclear if all participants in the group that received the support of a papist (a healthcare professional) or a psychosocial counsellors (a team of healthcare providers) was included in the intervention team. Moreover, it is not clear if all patients in the control group received support from a pharmacist or psychosuppressive (drug-based) support. The quality of the evidence is low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found that tDCS does not seem to be a useful treatment for Parkinson's disease. We did not find any studies that compared tDCS with sham tDCS. We also found no study that looked at the effects of tDCS on activities of daily living. In one study, tDCS was associated with more dropouts, side effects, or deaths. In the other study, there was no evidence of an effect. There was not enough evidence to know if tDCS is a good way to treat the symptoms of Parkinson's in the short or long term. We do not know whether tDCS reduces impairment or short-term symptoms (i.e. shortness of walking, poor balance, poor co-ordination, or poor gait) in the long-term. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the use of tDCs in people with Parkinson's. We need more research to find out if they are a good treatment option. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for all randomised studies that compared the use of LASB for CRPS in adults with acute CRPS up to 12 September 2017. We included 12 studies with a total of 461 participants. We did not include studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours (i.e. the length of follow-up of more than 14 days). We reran the search in February 2019 and found four new studies. We will deal with these when we next update the review. We found that there are too few randomised trials to be able to draw firm conclusions about the usefulness of this intervention. There is a need for more research in this area. We do not have enough evidence to decide whether or not the treatment of CRPS is effective. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time, as we did not find any new randomised study for this update. This review is an update of one published in 2013. We identified four new trials in a search of the literature in 2014. We added these to a list of ‘Topical analgesic analgesics' for acute rheumatoid pain in CRPS. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. We downgraded the level of evidence due to problems with the way the studies were designed and performed.
This is an update of the Cochrane review, which was first published in 2013. We found four new studies at this update. We included 14 studies with 2488 adults with Bell's palsy. Most studies were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. high chance of bias due to the way they were designed and performed). We included four new trials in this review. In this review, we found that the use of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in the short term (three months or less) in people with a mild form of Bell’s palsy compared to corticostomy alone. There was a lower rate of failure to recover at six months with people who were treated with an antiviral and a corticotherapeutic drug compared to those who were given a placebo or no treatment. The rate of the long-term complications (one to four months) was lower with antivirials and a steroid than with corticestomy alone, but this result was imprecise and we would not be able to rule out the possibility of no effect. For the same reason, we would be unable to reach a conclusion on whether the addition of corticoids to antiviral treatment improved rates of the late sequelae (one or more episodes of long-lasting symptoms) compared to placebo. We would not have been able to draw any conclusions on whether adding corticosterone to the antiviral drug reduced these complications. We judged the certainty of the evidence for the effectiveness of the treatment as low to very low.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared LHRH agonists in relapsed EOC with no agonist (placebo) or with a placebo. We found one study (with 97 women) that looked at the use of leuprorelin for relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC, and the other (with 34 women) looked at decapeptyl for EOC. We did not find any studies that assessed other agonists (phenytoinolone acetate (Percocet)) or anticonvulsants (pregabalin). We found that there may be little or no difference in the overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months (very low- and low-quality evidence, respectively). There may be very low-grade side effects (such as hair loss and tiredness) with treosulfan. There may not be a difference in other Grade 3/4 side-effects (neutrophils) and neutropenia (low white blood cell counts) with leupromycin. Adverse events were not well reported in the studies. Based on this review of two small RCTs (involving 97 women), we do not have enough evidence to say whether or not LHRh agonists should be used in the treatment of EOC when used as an agonist. The quality of evidence for all outcomes (OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 studies that included both term and near-term babies with hypoxia. We found that inhaled nitric oxide appears to reduce the risk of death and the need for an ECMO machine in babies with low blood oxygen levels. It is not clear whether iNO is better or worse than other drugs used in the treatment of hypoxaemic babies. Whether babies had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent lung hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) does not seem to impact on the use of iNO. Infants who received iNO at less severe symptoms did not have better outcomes than those who did not receive iNO, but did not need ECMO. Fewer of the babies who were treated with iNO had a diaphragmatic hernia than babies who received high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997; Wessel 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Kure 2004). We rated the quality of the evidence as high for most outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lumbar support interventions for low-back pain. Lumbar supports are a group of medications that aim to help people to rest and rest for at least four to five days. They are used to help the muscles of the leg to relax and to help them to do the same in high-risk patients. There are a range of types and doses of these medications, as well as the way they can be used. This review found that lumbar interventions are not more effective than no or other treatments for the treatment of low- back pain. There is a need for more studies to be done to find out the true effects of these medicines. In the meantime, people with low back pain should not be bothered to take the medicine they are given. Further research is needed to find the best lumbary support methods. The review found moderate to low quality studies that have looked at the effects of treatment with the use of the use of this medicine in preventive measures (e.g. short-term, long-term), prevention (up to three months) and treat measures (up to five-year) on the efficacy of this medicine. Also, more research is required to see if the use of this medication is effective in provider of pre-treatment to promote the treatment of low-back pain.
We searched for studies that compared the use of CVCs to see if they reduced the rate of catheters-infected blood stream infections. We found 57 studies with 16,784 patients. Most studies were of low or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a high risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of the true effect because of the way the study was designed and performed). Most of the studies enrolled participants from the age of 18 to 65 years old who were in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units (cancer) and patients who received long-term parenteral nutrition. The CVC used in most studies was impregnated. The mean age of the participants ranged from 17 to 25 years old. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. The findings of this review are based on 57 randomised controlled trials with a total of 16,282 catheths and 11 types of impregnations. Catheters impregnant with a CVC appear to be safe and reduce the risk of blood stream (CRBSI) and catheter colonization. However, they do not seem to be effective in terms of the overall rates of sepsis (blood poisoning), death or all-cause death. There were no differences between the impregnation and non-impregnation groups in the rates of side effects, with thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The quality of the evidence for the outcomes of CRBSI and CVC was high. This means that we are very certain about the results. We are very uncertain about the effect of the CVC on the risk and prevalence of catheter-related blood stream infection. We were not able to combine the results of the different types of studies due to variation in the types of patients enrolled.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at interventions to improve the health of low- and middle-income slums. We included 15 RCTs with a total of 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions took place in a range of slums or poor ( slum-based) urban or periural (i.e. slums where people live in slums but do not live in them) areas. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 June 2017. All interventions were aimed at improving health for low-income and poor slum populations. All the interventions were targeted at reducing the risk of low birth weight and low birth height. The intervention was given to pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients (two studies), and nutrition systems strengthening (two trials). All interventions targeted children (one RCT and one controlled before-and-after study). The quality of the evidence was very low to low. The main reason for this was that most of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their methods and results are not reliable. The findings of this Cochrane review are based on a wide range of outcomes. We found that all interventions could reduce low-birth weight and high-risk of low blood pressure (low- and very low-certainty) in low-risk populations. However, there was no evidence that any of the intervention was better than no intervention, or that they were better than usual care (standard care). There was also no difference in the length of the babies (18 months or younger) or the length (up to 18 months) between the groups. The overall, the evidence for most interventions was of low to very low quality. The studies included in this review were of low or very low certainty, due to the way they were designed and performed.
This review of 12 RCTs, involving 1023 patients, found no difference in healing of venous leg ulcers when foam dressings were compared with polyurethane or hydrocolloid foam dressments. There was also no difference between foam dressers and paraffin gauze, hydrocapillary dressers, or other wound dressers in the proportion of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks. No adverse events were observed with any of the dressers. The quality of the evidence in this area is low. Further research is required.
The results of this review are based on only one study with a high risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of the true effect of the drug) and are not applicable to patients with rheumatological symptoms (e.g. ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease). The results of the other trial with a low risk of systematic error (ie, overestimate of the benefits of the medicine) are uncertain. The quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes was low due to small numbers of patients and short duration (12 weeks) of the study with celecoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) and low numbers of events (12 and 24 events, both of which were included in the meta-analysis) and the small size of the trial with etoricoxib (20 mg twice a day) that did not report on AEs (14/82 and 19/82 patients, both included in meta-analyse). The evidence for the outcome of exacerbation of IBD was low (4% (1/112) of celecoxIB patients and 6% (7/110) of placebo groups) respectively. The results for the outcomes of disease exacerbation and AEs were low (2% (24/82) and 5% (2.07) respectively, which means that we do not know the true impact of the drugs. No one in either group died or had a serious adverse event. The AEs included increased stools, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa (joint pain). No patients had any heart or blood clots (leukopenia) in the leg). No participants in the placebo group experienced any heart attack or stroke. The number of patients who had a thrombosis (blood clots) was not reported in the AEs group. There were no patients with kidney or blood cancers who had any blood cancers. Thus no conclusions can be drawn. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs in the short term.
We found 22 randomised studies with a total of over 2310 participants. Most of the studies were small (4 to 317) and had a short follow-up (from 4 to 24 weeks), which makes them less useful in terms of the amount of wound healing. We found that more wounds healed when they were dressed with an antimicrobial (antibiotics) dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing, and that they had more wound-healing events (51 to 191 more per 1000 patients) than when they had non-infected ulcers (49 to 191 per 1000 participants). We are uncertain about the effects on the risk of adverse events (i.e. pain, pain, and swelling of the skin due to the use of antibiotics) or surgical resection of the wound (1 to 2.5 per 100 patients). We were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of any of the antibiotics used in these studies due to too few wounds and too few participants. We are not confident that any of them are better than antibiotics for wound healing, or that they are as good as antibiotics. We do not know which is the best way to dress the wound, or what happens when the wound is dressed with them. We were unable to draw conclusions about whether any antibiotic is better than any other than the other. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are not sure if some of the results are correct, and further research is very likely to change them.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found no new studies for this update. We included six randomised trials with a total of 5193 participants. Analysis of these trials showed that the use of zinc supplements in children aged from five to 12 years reduces the risk of pneumonia by 13% and the number of children with pneumonia by 41%. We did not find any new trials for the previous versions of this review in 2013 and 2015. Evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of Vitamin A in the prevention of acute LRTIs. Vitamin A was found to be well-treatable and safe for children and adults. However, due to its lack of side effects, we are not able to be certain that it is effective in reducing the risk of an episode of LRTI due to the lack of data. We found 10 studies with 33,179 participants that looked at the effects of vitamin A in children and adolescents with acute or chronic under nutrition. We were able to combine the results of two of these studies, which showed that Vitamin A does not seem to reduce the rate of an adverse event (cough and fever) when compared to a high dose of the drug. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to high-dose Vitamin A.
Theophylline is an inhaled bronchodilator that is used in the treatment of COPD. This is a class of drugs commonly used in COPD to help the lungs open and clear out excess air. This review found that theophyllines have a modest effect on forced expiration of one second (FEV1) and the amount of blood gas at rest (PaCO2) in people with COPD, which is a short-term measure of lung function. This benefit is seen in both adults and children. However, the benefit is only seen in adults. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which means that most of the people in the study may have been known by the researchers to be theophosphamide-tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of oral or sublingual immunotherapy to treat people with egg allergy. We found 10 RCTs that involved a total of 439 children (1 year to 18 years of age) who were allergic to egg. Each of the studies used a different method of giving the medicine. All of the trials used different doses and durations of the medicine, and all of them used a low-dose (1 g to 7.5 g) dose. The studies reported a range of outcomes: an increased amount of egg that can be used to eat, while the medicine is given; and the rate at which the medicine helps the child to eat and drink; and a complete recovery from egg allergy after the medicine has been stopped. Most of the children (82%) in the treatment group were able to eat at least half of their egg. Fewer than half (45%) of children in the group that received the medicine and placebo had to eat a full serving of egg. Of note, 75% of children had mild-to-severe adverse events while taking the medicines, compared with 6% in the control group. SAEs were the most frequent adverse event, with 1 in 12 having a severe SAE (epinephrine/adrenaline) in the medicine group and none in the placebo group. The most frequent (1 in 12) was the need for the medicine to be given adrenaline, and in some cases, the medicine had to be used because the medicine made the child drowsy. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of people in the study groups, which may be related to taking an egg, while in 2.6% of the control groups. The quality of the evidence was low due to the number of participants and events, which made it hard to be sure that the medicine was effective. There was a high risk of bias in the studies. Eight of the 10 studies were judged to be of low or very low quality. There were problems with the way they were done, which means that we cannot be certain that their results are valid.
We found four randomised trials involving a total of 579 participants. Two of the trials (involving 255 participants) reported data on death and none of them had considered death as a primary outcome. The other three trials (two of which were conducted in the UK and one each in the USA) did not provide data on deaths or any other long-term risk of death. We did not find any data on short term deaths. We found that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy increased the rate of aetiogram (i.e. a diagnosis of aureus) diagnosis as compared to a non-ILR approach. The cost of the ILR implant and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for those who received ILR implants. Two studies seemed to show a trend towards a lower rate of relapse in those who had had a ILR. Cost analyses from one of the studies showed that the cost of treatment with ILR was more than double that of those who did not receive ILR, as well as the costs of the implant were increased. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. The main reason for this was that we did not have enough data.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different types of sclerosant drugs in patients with hydrocoeles. We found four RCTs that included 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All of the studies were small (involving less than 50 patients altogether) and the duration of the trials ranged from three to six months. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way patients were put in the treatment group, or the way the outcomes were reported). We found that there was no difference in the rate of cure between the two groups. There was an increase in the recurrence of the cancer in those who received sclerotherapy compared with surgery. This could be due to either the drug used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other three included in this analysis. One study found that the frequency of pain in the surgery group was higher than the scleromy group but we were not able to pool the results due to variation in the methods used in the studies. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. Only one study looked at the quality of life of the participants and found that they were no more or no less satisfied than those who did not have treatment. However the recurrences of cancer recurred in both groups. One trial found that those who had surgery recurred at the same rate as patients who had sclerotherapy. There were an increased number of infections in the surgical group but this increase was not significant. Post-surgery side-effects such as well as cost and time to work resumption were less frequent in the anaesthetomy group. There is a great need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to treat these patients. It is important that the trials have a large sample size and a long duration of follow-up. We recommend that all studies in this area should be published in a well-conducted way. The methods for all studies should be reported in a way that is up to date to date at the end of the trial. The cost-effectiveness of these drugs should be assessed.
We found one RCT comparing rhDNase with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a lung infection. We assessed it to be a low risk of bias. The results of the RCT showed that nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) does not seem to improve coughs and sputum infections in children with tracheomalacia. It is not clear whether the use of nebulising recombinant RhDNase in the acute phase of recovery from bronchiolitis improves recovery. We are not able to draw any conclusions at this time, as the one included RCT did not measure the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores (which are used to assess the amount of cough that a child coughs) from the start of the day to the end of the night) was higher in the nebuliser group than in the placebo group. Other outcomes (dyspnoea (shortness of breath), difficulty in expectorating sputums, and lung function tests) favoured placebo over nebulisation of the trachea, but the difference between groups was not significant. Other outcome (differences in cough, shortness of airway, cough, drowsiness, and difficulty in estimating the length of time it takes the child to cough) and lung functions tests at one to two weeks also favoured a placebo group, although the result of the two weeks' follow-up was not clear. The RCT was well designed and executed.
We found 21 randomised studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effect of some form of psychological therapy. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of a drug or physical therapy. Fourteen of the 21 studies compared the forms of CBT (CBT) with usual care or a waiting list, and five of them compared the CBT to enhanced or structured care. We found no studies that compared CBT with other forms of therapy such as psychodynamic (mindfulness) therapy. Most of the people included in the studies had long-term somatoform (Somatoform symptoms) or MUPS (joint pain) symptoms. The CBT treatments ranged from one to 13 times a week for one day to nine months. Most studies reported follow-up of two weeks to 24 months. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least one year, and most of the studies were of short duration (70% or more). We found that CBT was better than usual care (up to one day) in terms of symptoms at the end of treatment (10 studies, 1081 participants). However, this effect was small to medium. We also found that when we looked at people with Soma and MUPS who received CBT compared with those who were treated with enhanced care, we found that Soma was similar to those in the whole group. We were not able to combine the data from all of the included studies due to inconsistencies in the methods used in some of the analyses. However, we were able to do this in part due to the quality of the trials. We are satisfied that people in the control groups were not aware of whether they were on CBT or on the other side (i.e. the 'usual care' group). We are not sure if this would have had an impact on our results. We do not know if people who were in the treatment groups were aware of which group they were in. We have not been able to draw any firm conclusions about whether CBT is better than other types of therapy for Soma, MUPS, or both. This is because most studies did not report on this topic. The quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated as low to moderate. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of regional anaesthesia in patients undergoing surgery for any type of breast cancer. We found 63 RCTs. We were able to combine the results from all of them, which included a total of 3027 participants. We conclude that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthetic may reduce the risk of having PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. There is low-certainty evidence that intravenous (intravenous) infusion of local anaesthetics (epidural) may prevent the development of PPP three to 55 months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) is a surgery where bone is cut out of the chest to remove part of the cancer and use it to treat the cancer. However, we cannot be sure that paravertebral block (blockage of the brain due to bleeding from the chest) is effective in preventing PPP. We did not have sufficient data to be certain about the safety of the technique. We do not know if the technique is safe or whether it is safe. We could not pool the data for adverse effects, as the studies did not report them in a way that would allow us to assess them. We need more studies to be done that are larger, of longer duration and include more patients. We also need to find out if there are benefits or harms of other types of surgery, such as limb amputation, hernia repair, heart surgery and laparotomy. We are not able to draw any conclusions on the benefits or risks of other treatments for breast cancer surgery because we did not find any well-conducted, large-scale studies.
This Cochrane review looked at the evidence from 28 randomised trials involving 1742 people with BPD. The search is up-to-date as of 26 November 2013. The review found that first-generation (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene) and second-generation antipsychotics (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone) are commonly used drugs for BPD, and that they are often used due to the fact they are cheaper and are well-tolerated. We looked at all the drugs in BPD and found that most of them are relatively new drugs that have been used for a long time. We did not find any new new drugs since the last Cochrane systematic review in 2012. We found that people who took first-gen antipsychotic drugs had slightly more weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram results than those who took more established drugs (topiramate, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin, and ketorolac). There was a small decrease in body weight with topiramole (an antiepileptic drug) treatment. There was no difference in the number of people who developed side-effects with any of the drugs. All drugs were well tolerated, although all had to be stopped by the end of the trial. We judged the quality of the evidence for the main outcome of BPD to be low or very low.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of washouts to no washout (i.e. when the catheters are not used) or a washout policy. We found seven RCTs (involving a total of 349 participants) that met our criteria. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group (cross-over) trials (where both the participants and the researchers knew which washout had been done). One of the trials was free of major limitations, but there were problems with the recruitment of people to the other trials. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acid) when used to treat urinary tract infection when used as a wet catheter have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urine tract infection or the length of time each catheter is in situ. Four of the seven trials that looked at whether washouts are harmful or not have been found to be effective have been too few to be able to draw any conclusions. We were not able to analyse the results of the four trials that compared one type of washout or the other because the results were too imprecise. One trial (of 25 participants) found that people who used the washout solution had to use it 12 weeks later than those who did not use it. Four trials (of 24 participants) looked at the use (amount of urine used) of all washouts. None of the studies looked at: number of cathesters used, washout use, quality of life, number of patients who complained of pain and discomfort, pain and ease of use, or health status/measures of psychological health. There were very few studies that compared washout policies. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to the high risk of bias of the included studies. The results of this review are based on only a small number of studies with a small sample size. We do not know if people who use washouts have a better or worse outcome than people who do not. There is a need for more research to find out if using washouts is effective or not.
We found 30 studies (18 of 18, including 18,682 participants in total) that looked at this topic. Eighteen of the studies (involving 14,573 survivors) looked at the effect of fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer, and 22 of the 18 (included in the main objectives) focused on the effect on death from any cause. We did not combine the results of the two groups as we could not pool them. We found that children aged up to 18 years were more tired than those aged 16 and over (4% to 61.7%), and in a subgroup of 12 studies (13,952 survivors) survivors were more likely to be tired than children aged 16 to 18 (3% to 10%). We were not able to calculate the risk of death due to any cause as we did not have enough data to do this. One study (32 participants) found that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 participants (31.4%) were still tired. We are uncertain as to how many childhood cancer survivors are tired. This is due to differences in the type of cancer, cancer treatment, age of participants, and questionnaires used to assess tiredness. It is unclear how many children suffer from tiredness after cancer treatment. The quality of the evidence in this review is weak, and we do not know how much or how often they will be tired.
This review of 36 trials, involving 6914 people, found that the use of both topical and systemic prophylaxis reduces the risk of acute bronchitis and death in adults who are receiving intensive care. Antibiotics when used alone to treat bronchiolitis are more effective than when used in addition to antibiotics.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found no new studies. We found five randomised studies. All of them looked at the education of nursing staff. All five of them had a high risk of bias. One of them was conducted in the UK, the other four in the USA. Four of the studies looked at nursing home residents and one looked at residents in group dwelling units. We did not find any trials of nursing homes. The studies showed mixed results. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase in PR use in both groups after eight months while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The one group in the group dwelling unit study found no change in PR used in the treatment group after six months, while PR use was increased significantly in the control group. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support the use of interventions targeted at nursing staff to prevent or prevent the routine use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoids during IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) with placebo. We found four RCTs (involving 516 women) that met our criteria for the review. Two of the studies had data in a form that we were not able to analyse. One of the other study had data available from only one study centre. One study was at high risk of bias, but the other was at low risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). The evidence was of low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was no evidence to show whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo was 15%, the chance following glucocouricoid supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was also no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate (OR 1.69, 95% CI 0.98 to 2.90; 1 RCT, n = 20; very low-quality evidence). There was only one RCT (included in the review) that reported OHSS or side-effects. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. Further research is needed.
We found eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this update of the review. We found that rhGH is safe and improved some aspects of lung function, height, weight and lean body mass, but not all of these improvements were seen with the same dose of rhGH (0.3 mg/kg/week). We found evidence of a change in the level of fasting blood glucose with rhGH therapy, although this change in glucose levels did not cause diabetes. There is some low- to very low-certainty data on the effect of RhGH on quality of life, but we were not able to combine the data due to the number of participants and the short duration of the trials. No changes in side-effects with RhGH were observed in this review. Longer-term, well-conducted randomised controlled trials of rh GH are required.
We found 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants that reported on three comparisons: (1) the number of people who had to stop using their bronchial tube (bronchodilators) and (2) the amount of inhaled steroid (prednisolone) that had to be stopped; and (3) the risk of having to stop taking the bronchidilator due to symptoms; or (4) the rate at which people had to change to a new job; (5) the duration of their current work; (6) the use of steroids; (7) the length of time for which they were required; (8) the dose of the drug used in the lungs; (9) the age of the patients; (10) the gender of the workers; (11) the percentage of men; (12) the average age of workers who were followed up for at least one year; (13) the mean age of participants who were not followed up; (14) the median age of those who were treated with the drug. (17) The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 November 2015. The main reasons for the low quality are that the number and duration of the studies were small, and that some of the results were imprecise. We are not able to recommend any one method over the other. There is a need for more research in this area. We found that people who work in the same job should not be surprised if they are asked to stop smoking. We recommend that healthcare providers (e.g. healthcare providers) make sure that patients are not aware that they are not allowed to smoke in their work.
We found six randomised trials (involving 1758 participants) that compared on-demand use of PPI to continuous PPI use in patients with milder forms of esophagitis. All six of the trials were from the outpatient setting and had a mean age of 48 to 57 years. All of the participants had either nonerosive reflux disease (with no reflux symptoms) or milder types of ephagitis (with epsia). Five of the six trials looked at on-dose deprescribing and one of them looked at stopping PPI before the end of treatment. There were no trials that looked at the short-term or long-term benefits and harms of discontinuing PPI. We found that in people with mild echagitis, on-treatment with PPI may lead to an increased risk of 'lack of symptoms' (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. There was a decrease in the number of pills used per week in those who used PPI compared with those who did not use PPI at all. There appeared to be no benefits or harms of the PPI stop-up-treatment strategy. None of the studies reported on the cost/resource use or the amount of drug withdrawal. We assessed the quality of the evidence for most of the outcomes as low. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Review, which found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of social skills training for adults with schizophrenia. We found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for the social skills group than for the standard care group (relapse: 2 RCTs, n = 263, RR 0.52 CI 0.34 to 0.79, very low risk of bias), and people’s mental health (rehospitalisation: 1 RCT, n 143; very low chance of bias) and global state (global health) were better in the group of people who received social skills compared to the usual care group. Quality of life was also improved in the treatment group compared to standard care. When we looked at people who were part of a discussion group, we found no differences in the participants’ social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life. We judged the quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes to be very low. This was due to the small numbers of participants and low rates of events.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that pegloticase is a drug that is used to treat gout and has been used for gout for over 40 years. It is most commonly used in gout due to the presence of tophi. We found only one randomised trial (RCT) that compared peglopicase 8 mg to a placebo (i.e. a pill made to look the same as peglopyase) for two weeks. This was the only RCT with a low risk of bias. This study showed that people with gout were less likely to have to take peglotics due to to tophi, and more likely to take them due to adverse events, than those who took placebo. There was a high rate of side effects in all treatment groups. As 80% of side events in the placebo group were due to gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, this may have led us to not include those who did not take the drug in this review.
This review of three studies (involving 2095 neonates) found that the use of either IgA or IgG does not prevent NEC. Oral IgA does not seem to reduce the rate of NEC. There are no trials of IgA alone.
This is an update of a first published in 2006. We found five RCTs (involving 2197 women) that looked at whether or not chemotherapy is better than no chemotherapy after hysterectomy and cancer surgery. Four of the trials looked at the use of chemotherapy in the first three months after surgery. The evidence is up to date as of 4 February 2015. The findings of this review are based on a meta-analysis of data from 498 women who received chemotherapy after surgery and cancer treatment. The analysis of the data from 1% to 8% of those who did not receive chemotherapy (95% CI) showed that the risk of dying from any cause was 4% (1% to 10%). This means that 25 women would need to be treated with chemotherapy in order to avoid one death from cancer. The risk of cancer recurrence was 5% (0.68 to 0.92), which means that 20 out of 100 women would have their first cancer recurred in the pelvis if they receive chemotherapy. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main reason for this was that only a small numbers of patients were included in each of the studies.
We found 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these studies were from low- and middle-income countries, and sixteen from high-income. All of the studies looked at a range of different types of client-focused interventions, for example, medicines (for example birth control pills) to help them to quit smoking while pregnant, or information to help people to quit using their mobile phone. Our analysis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They described sharing the messages with their friends and family, and they described sharing them with each other and their friends. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor use of their mobile phones, others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not use their airtime, or had changed their phone number. Clients wanted to use the mobile phone at a time and frequency that was convenient for them (e.g. short message service (SMS) or a voice response). They also had preferences about how often they used the phone, and about how much they liked the messages. We found that many of the trials we looked at did not try to look at the problems we had found, and it was not clear if they had tried to find out which people would like which type of programme. We judged the quality of the research to be high for most of the outcomes, but low for the outcomes for the other outcomes.
This is a Cochrane review of 23 studies with 2467 people. The review found that methadone does not seem to be as good as other opioid agonists and that it is just as effective as some of the other drugs that have been used to treat heroin use. However, people who have been in the studies we looked at have had more adverse (adverse) events (such as pain) and more drop-outs (i.e. due to side effects) than those who have received other drugs (e.g. adrenergic agonists, other opioids agonists), anxiolytic drugs (two studies), paiduyangsheng (one study).
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of analgesics (such as clonidine and naltrexone) under anaesthesia. We found nine studies with a total of 1109 participants that met the inclusion criteria for the review. The findings of the review indicate that the benefits of analgesic-induced withdrawal are greater than the harms caused by analgesics alone. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. However, heavy sedation does not seem to be as effective as light sedation. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in terms of cost and use of scarce neonatal care resources, suggests that this form of treatment should not be continued.
Molindone is a drug that is used world-wide to treat schizophrenia. It is used as a tranquilliser and has been used for schizophrenia for over 40 years. This review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, molindone does not seem to be as good as some of the other drugs used in the treatment of schizophrenia, such as paracetamol. However, it does cause more weight loss (2 to 77 kg more weight a day). There is a lot of variation in the side effects of the drug. The side-effect profile of this drug does not differ significantly from that of other typical drugs, although it may cause greater weight loss. There may be a role for the drug in schizophrenia, but it is not clear what role the drug should be used. In the short term, it has been shown to be a safe and efficacious drug, but its side-effects are not the same as those of other drugs. Therefore, there is a need for more research in this area.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants. Each of them had a wide range of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), triple-combination creams (acetonide, rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and Thiospot), and skin-lightening complex (Gigawhite, Thiopathic acid peels). Each of the treatments was compared to a placebo (dummy pill) or to each other. We were not able to pool the results of the trials due to the heterogeneity of the treatment groups. Three of the 20 studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. We found that azelaic acid (20%) was better than 2% hydroquinone (RR 1.06 to 1.48) at lightening melasma but not when compared to 4% haemopoietic acid. In two of the three studies where tretinain was used to treat melasma, participants rated their melasma as improved in one of the studies (RR 13, 95% CI 1.88 to 89.74) but not the other. In both studies by other measures tretin treatment was found to be more effective than placebo. Thiapot cream was more efficacious than a placebo cream. The side-effects of these treatments were mild and transient. The most common side effects of these drugs were mild such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and staring. The quality of the evidence for each of the comparisons was very low. This was due to poor study designs.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that 5-FU is rarely used nowadays as part of routine care for patients with glaucoma, and is used more often as an add-on to routine care. This means that more often than in the control group, but not in the high-risk group. The review of trials found that in the first year after trabeculectomy, the risk of failure of the surgery was 4.1% for the high risk of failed surgery group and 5.0% in the low-dose postoperation group. No difference was found between the low and high-dose groups in terms of failure rate at the first time after surgery, or in the number of surgeries that failed. Although no evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications, other side effects are more frequent after 5-FO injections. None of the trials reported on the patients' views on their care. The quality of the evidence varied, and this is particularly true for subgroups and outcomes. The combined surgery group was found to be at a low risk of a surgical failure in both the combined surgery and the postoperative group, due to the small number of patients and the low numbers of surgeries performed on them in both groups. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found fifty-five studies with 16,154 participants. Longer-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not seem to reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness in the long-term treatment group. In the short-term (three months or less) ICS increased the risk of pneumonia when used as an add-on to bronchodilator therapy in patients with COPD. The rate of pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to the placebo group in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event. We did not find a difference in the number of people who died in the three years after taking ICS compared with the placebo. We found no effect on the bone health of patients who took inhaled corticosteroids (osteoporosuppressive drugs) over three years. In addition, we found that people who took ICS were more likely to have a flare-up of their COPD (called an exacerbation) compared with those who took a placebo. In contrast, ICS did not appear to have an effect on bone health (e.g. osteoporostomy) over the three- to five-year follow-up. We are not able to say whether ICS should be used for acute COPD due to the lack of data.
We found 80 randomised trials (5820 women) that looked at different types of NSAIDs (18 non-selective and 2 COX-2-specific) that were used to treat dysmenorrhoea. NSAIDs were compared with placebo, paracetamol (sugar pill) or each other, or with each other. Most of the trials were small (involving less than 50 women altogether) and most of them were conducted in the 1980s, when the drugs were not used as often as they are used these days. We found that NSAIDs appear to be a safe and effective analgesic drug for the prevention of pain and side effects associated with the use of first-line painkillers. We did not find enough evidence to show which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmenors. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons. This means that if 18% of women in the control group and 45% in the NSAID group achieve moderate or good pain relief, between 45% and 53% will do so. However, NSAIDs are associated with more side effects (overall side effects: overall side effect: OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.51, 25 RCTs, I2 = 0%), gastrointestinal side-effect (OR 1.12 to 2.23, 14 trials) and neurological side-effects (OR 2.74, 95%). We found no difference in side-side-effect rates between the groups. There were too few data to be able to draw any conclusions about the safety of these drugs. Most studies were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. most studies did not report the source of funding). Most studies (59%) were funded; a further 31% failed to state their source of the funding source. We judged the evidence for the main outcomes (pain and side-actions) as low to very low quality.
We searched for studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP in adults in the ICU. We found seven studies (2565 participants) that met our criteria for the review. We reran the search in February 2017. We will deal with the one study of use of high and low (high- and low-dose) PEEP when we update the analysis. In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made in which high-dose PEEP was compared with the same dose in both groups, but in the other two studies (148 participants), the volume of blood pumped in the PEEP arm was different. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although the number of days on the ventilator-free days (i.e. the first, third, and seventh days) did not increase in the low-pEEP group. We did not find any difference seen in the risk of barotrauma (a blood clot in the lung) in the two groups. The number of participants with ARDS (ARDS) who received high-parenteral ventilation in the intensive care unit (ICU) also showed a reduction in death in the three groups. However, in two of the three studies, the authors used a strategy in which in one group (the ARDS group) the airway was used at a low (low) and high (high) volume. We conclude that high-level PEEP does not seem to improve survival when compared with low-quality PEEP.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We updated the search in February 2015. We found 23 new randomised trials (involving 11,399 patients) that we included in the review. Fifteen of the trials were excluded from the original study (nine of which were withdrawn due to concerns about the quality of the data and six of which did not provide enough data for the analysis). We found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT in all patients. In most patients it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and the use of an HES solution should be used in place of HES product. Overall, we found that the studies were of good quality.
We found nine studies that enrolled 682 people with CKD. We found that Rheum officinale does not seem to be a drug of first-line use that is associated with a high risk of serious adverse events. Only minor adverse events were found in the short-term in the group of patients who were included in the review. No data were available on death from any cause, all-cause death, or cost of treatment. We assessed seven of the studies as at low risk of bias; three of them were judged to be of high quality (protocols were available and/or all outcomes relevant to the this review were reported); and the other two studies were judged as free of bias.
We searched for all research on the use of IQCODE in adults over the age of 65 years. We found 13 randomised trials (involving data from 2745 individuals) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We grouped all of the trials by the cut-off of 3.5% (95% CI 0.86 to 0.94) and we were able to combine the data from all of them (1413 participants). We found that IQCode performs better than the other two forms of diagnostic test (16-item short and 26-item long), and that the short form is more accurate than the long form. We did not find any difference in how well the short and long form worked, or in the language of the diagnostic test. However, we did find that the shorter form did not perform as well as the longer form, and that it did not have as many participants as the long-term results of the latter. There were not enough data to be sure that the longer-term effects of the short-term diagnostic test would be the same as the shorter one. There was not much variation in the characteristics of the studies that we looked at, which meant that we were not able to draw conclusions about the quality of the research.
We found three RCTs involving 91 participants. All three of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. high risk of systematic bias). All studies looked at different types and intensities of treatment for spasticity in adults who had had a stroke (of the arm) more than one year after the stroke. We found 'low to very low quality' evidence for mCIMT (muscle strength) and 'task practice' (techniques) in adults with a recent stroke (up to 14 weeks). We also found'very low' quality evidence for dynamic elbow splinting (where the arm rotates in a non-acute way) and manual (e.g. using a brace) in people with a stroke who have not been able to use their arms in the past six months. we did not find evidence for the use of MD rehabilitation in children or those with a lower limb spurality. No study looked at the effect of MD treatment on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the quality of life of those who receive MD treatment. At best, there was 'low level' data for the effectiveness of MD therapy in the short and long term (one year or less) after BoNT for people with post-stroke spastasticity. This means that we do not yet know the best type of treatment, or whether it is better or worse. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised clinical trials for the use of long-term therapy with lamivudine or adefovir dipivoxil in the prevention of HBV re-occurrences after liver transplantation for patients with chronic HBV. There is a need for more research in this area.
Searches identified 13,306 articles. Fifteen studies with a total of 1019 participants were included. All studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. they were conducted in a way that could bias the results). One of them was of Sulomylurea (a drug used to lower blood pressure) and the other were of GAD65 (drug used to control high blood pressure). One study was of ursodeoxycholic acid decarboxylase (glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c - a long-term measure of glycosylation of glucose in the blood) and one was of gingko biloba (a medicine used to treat diabetes). Two of them were of the type commonly used in the treatment of LADA. One of the studies of ersodeoxychaemia (a disease of the pancreas) was of the kind that leads to low blood pressure (hypoglycaemic episodes) and four of the types of diabetes mellitus (low blood pressure due to lack of protein in the urine) were included in the meta-analysis. One study showed that sugarcosylate (sugar) with or without metformin (a long-acting antidiabetic drug) was more likely to improve the blood pressure of patients with LADA at three months and 12 months of treatment and follow-up. There was no effect on the blood sugar levels at any time of the intervention. Two studies showed that the use of a herbal medicine (sulfonylureate) was associated with a longer time of fasting C-peptide (the length of time it takes to reach the correct glucose levels) than insulin alone (three months to 10 years). One trial showed that using a Chinese medicine (pregabalin hydroxide) in a short-term (three weeks) did not show that the herbal medicine improved the blood glucose levels compared to insulin alone. One trial of vitamin D with insulin showed a longer duration of treatment (three to 12 months) in the vitamin D group than in the insulin alone group but a shorter duration of therapy (eight weeks). In addition, there was evidence that patients in the placebo group had more severe hypoglycaemia episodes than those in the usual care group (30% in placebo group compared to 5% in conventional care group; 64% in insulin group and 12.5% in the urethrae.com study; both of which were in the U.S. study; one of which was in the USA). There were no studies of other treatments such as glucocorticoids (drugs used to reduce glucose levels in blood) or antidiabetes drugs (drug taken by mouth). Two studies show that there is a risk of early (two-year) onset of low blood sugars in people with LAD. There is a need for more studies to be done to find out which is the best way to treat LADA and if one treatment is best.
We found 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 in the meta-analysis. We have found that there is little evidence to show that these interventions are effective in the short-term (four or more months) or longer term (up to 30-day follow-up). We have not found evidence that they are helpful in the long term (one year or more). Although some benefits were found, we think that the effect sizes are too small, and we would like to see more research on this topic. We found that most studies did not measure the same things, and therefore we do not know if they were at risk of bias (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We do not have enough data to be certain about the long-term effects of these interventions. We judged the quality of the research to be low for most measures.
We found three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 thalidomide (THA) after knee arthroscopy. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). One of the trials (81 participants) looked at whether hip precautions are effective in preventing hip dislocation after THA. There were no incidences of hip dislocated or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The other study (265 participants; 303 THAs) assessed the use of hip precautions with or without the prescription of post-operations (drugs used to treat the joint) to perform a range of activities (e.g. walking, cycling, dance, martial arts). The study did not measure pain, quality of life, re-operation rate or re-operation rate. One study (146 participants) investigated the addition of an enhanced post-opioidic care (which is a service that aims to help patients to feel more active) and rehabilitation of their hip) after they had been discharged from hospital. This study was of very low quality. We were not able to assess the impact of these interventions on pain, function or reoperative rate as the results were too imprecise for us to be able to draw any conclusions. We are uncertain if providing hip precautions to those who have received THA is effective in the short or long term (up to six months). We are also uncertain if hip precautions given with or not are beneficial in the longer term (one year or more). We do not know if the rate of recovery (how long the patient stays in the recovery room) differs in those who are not treated with or with post-THA. This is based on the results of one of the studies (1/152) and we are very uncertain if the number of patients who have a hip disloidation (1% versus 0% in the group that did not receive any post-operation therapy) or need further surgery (0% vs 0%). We are not sure if the rates of re-surgery or other side-effects (such as pain) differ in people who receive or do not receive hip precautions. There is not enough evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community-based programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional treatment strategies based on functional outcomes. There are no studies that have looked at other types of therapy. We need more research to find out if there are any benefits or harms of any of these therapies.
The review found that LNG-IUD use after surgery reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There is not yet a large enough number of RCTs to be sure of this.
We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials of interventions to change the amount of food or drinks that were placed in the food or drink of people who wanted to eat or drink at the same time as those who were not. We found 24 randomised trials, with 20% of them having concerns about risk of bias (i.e. bias due to overestimation of the true effect). All of the studies looked at food products; none of them looked at alcohol or tobacco. Most of the trials (14/24) were carried out in high-income countries, mainly in the USA. All of them were of high quality. Most studies (22/24), with 20/24, used the 'Across a range of foods' approach. Six of the 24 trials were conducted in the UK, with 19/24 of them being of high-quality. The other six were of low- or very low-quality, with concerns about the risk of systematic error (ie, overestimate of the benefits and overestimate the harms of one or more of the intervention or the other) and were of short duration (no more than three months). Most studies investigated food products, but none looked at the use of alcoholic or tobacco products. The evidence is up-to-date as of 1 April 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence were that many of the results were imprecise, that some of the comparisons made in the review were based on very few or very few comparisons, and that not all studies reported all of the outcomes that we looked at.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared the use of PEP in people with HIV to see if it was effective in reducing the rate of seroconversion. We did not find any studies that compared PEP to other antiretroviral drugs. We found one case-control study, which was of high risk of bias, but not high risk. PEP does not seem to be 100% effective in the prevention of HIV seroconverse events. However, due to the low risk of HIV serumoconversion, a very large sample size would be required to have enough power to show an effect. Further research is required.
This is an overview of Cochrane Schizophrenia's research on CBT for chronic pain. CBT is a group of cognitive-behavioural approaches that aim to help people with a wide range of chronic pain, such as pain, pain, disability, mood, and stress. The aim of CBT was to help them to cope with their pain and stress, and to try to understand why they did not do as well as they should. CBT was developed in the 1980s and has been used for many years. It is now used in a range of different types of patients. CBT is commonly used as a tool to help patients cope with pain, stress, depression, and anxiety. The aim of the review was to see if CBT helped them to do this. We found that CBT does not seem to cause pain, or stress, or distress, when compared with other types of treatment. This is based on a small improvement in mood, which was maintained up to six months later. There was no improvement in pain, mood or stress immediately following CBT, although there was a small effect on mood at the end of follow-up. In contrast, CBT did not cause pain when used as an add-on to other forms of treatment such as psychosocial therapies. Also, there was little or no effect on the quality of the studies that have been done to find out which CBT works for which type of patient, or on the way CBT can best be used. Further research is needed to see whether CBT really works for all types of people with pain. More research is required to see how CBT should be used, and if it works for each type of person. This review is up-to-date as of 7 May 2013.
We searched a wide range of databases to find all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that looked at the effects of diet advice given to adults over 18 years of age. We found 15 randomised trials that met our criteria. None of them were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of them (64,798 participants) gave us data we could use for the main outcome (the amount of salt in our food). We found that five of them showed a reduction in salt in the diet from pre-treatment to post-treatment, and four showed an increase in salt intake. Of these, two of these (1.15 grams/day less) were from Finland and the USA, and one was from the USA. The other two were from the Netherlands and the UK, and both were from several years prior to the start of the intervention. We did not find any studies from low- and middle-income-countries that showed a change in salt levels. Of those, four showed a decrease in salt and one showed an improvement in salt. Of the other three, we did not have enough data to be sure that changes in salt were due to the diet advice. We identified no adverse effects of any of the interventions. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to high risk of bias (i.e. high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the research was designed and performed) and variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at medicines used to treat sleep bruxism. We found seven RCTs that met our criteria. All of them had a low risk of bias. Three of them were of high risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We found that amitriptyline, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa and tryptophan were all well-tricyclic drugs that are commonly used in the treatment of people with insomnia. There were a number of side-effects such as drowsiness, shortness of sleep, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia (joint pain) in people who took amitripyline. Clonidine was linked to a prolonged night sleep stage (REM) and increased the rate of rapid eye movement (REM). There were no side effects in people taking proprophenol. The quality of the evidence for each of the drugs ranged from low to very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 10 studies with 1015 adults with ARDS. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, such as type and length of treatment (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaogen acid (DHA), and gamma-linolenic acid). We assessed some of the studies as having high risk of bias due to poor methods. We are uncertain whether the use of immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants reduces the length of stay in the ICU and the time spent on the ventilator. This is due to the very low- or low-quality of the evidence. We also are very uncertain whether they increase the risk of adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019.
We found 33 randomised or quasi-randomised studies that looked at the use of different types of AEs. Most of them compared them with one or more of the same type of question. We did not find any studies that compared them to each other. We found that when we asked people with AEs about their experiences, more AEs were found when we used a more detailed approach (e.g. the severity of the AEs, how often they were reported, how many AEs they were assessed, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, and how many AE endpoints were reported). This means that we do not know if the methods used to answer these questions are as good as we think they should be. We are not able to draw conclusions about the impact of the question method on the number of participants with at least one AE because we did not have enough data. However, we do know that if we do find one AE, it will probably be missed by the study staff. We do not think that staff or patients would know which type of AE they were asked, as this would not have been done in the usual way. We believe that staff and patients would not know which method was being used, as it would not be possible for them to do so. We think it would be useful for researchers to find out which method is best to use.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We searched for all of these records and found 381 records. We assessed all of them as having a high risk of bias (i.e. high chance of misleading results due to the way the study was designed and performed). We found one case-control study (a study in which one group of people (the control group) received the intervention) and the other group (the intervention group) got the usual care) but did not. This study of 154 cases of suDEP and 616 cases of GTCS found that people in the control group had a lower risk of having nocturnal control of their epileptic seizures than those in the intervention group. This effect was found when a supervising person shared the same bed as them or when they were used to sleep in the same room as them. We did not find any change in the number of non-SUDEP deaths, changes in anxiety, depression, and quality of life, or changes in the need for the person to be cared for in hospital. We judged the quality of the evidence for most of the results to be very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
Searches for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were carried out in 2013. We found seven RCTs (involving 208 people with cystic fibrosis) that compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. The age of people in the studies ranged from seven to 63 years. Six of the trials were in adults who were stable (i.e. had not had an acute flare-up of their cysts) whilst the other six were in people who had had an exacerbation of cysts. The studies lasted from four days to two years. All of the participants had cysts of the limbs (fingers and toes). Most of the people included in the trials had mild to severe cysts (e.g. cysts on the legs). All studies were cross-over-design, which means that both the participant and the clinician knew which treatment the patient was in; this is known as a cross over design. One study was of parallel design with the rest of the studies of cross over or 'cross-over' design. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross-clear design, the use of blinding of the patients and the inability to blind them to the treatment they received. Autogenic drainage was not found to be superior to any other form of airway removal technique. There were no differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to quality of life, although autogenic drain was described as the preferred technique of the individuals in one study over postural drainage and percussion. There is a great need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to clear the airway. This is particularly true for those with cysts who are not stable.
The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy of CBT in the short-term treatment of GAD. We found that CBT based on CBT principles is more efficacious in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms than other types of psychosocial therapy. We did not find any studies that assessed whether CBT is better than other forms of therapy such as psychosuppressives (e.g. psychotherapies), or if CBT should be used in the long-term. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precomes in part from the fact that many of the studies did not use the CBT model. We are not able to draw conclusions about which is the best form of therapy based on the evidence available at this time.
This is a Cochrane review of 12 trials involving 1,856 women. The trials were conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight of the 12 trials (1,0856 women) looked at the use of progestogen in pregnancy, and the remaining four looked at its use in pregnancy. Most of the trials (10/12) were at low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and performed). The trials varied in the route and dosage of the drugs used, as well as the length of the treatment (eight trials) and we were able to combine the data from ten trials (1684 women). In five of the studies, women had had three or more of these and in seven of the 1411 women, two or more times per year. The women in the control group (placebo/non-placebo group) had a live birth rate (RR 1.07, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.13). We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth (RR 4.05, 95 % CI 0.53 to 2.41). No clear difference was seen in the rates of low birthweight or neonatal death. None of the included trials looked at any other pregnancy-related adverse events, such as severity of morning symptoms, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or later fertility. The quality of the evidence was very low for the outcomes. We are very unsure about the effects of taking progestogens from the time of conception to birth.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised studies that assessed psychosocial interventions in pregnancy. We found 14 studies with 1298 women. Nine studies (704 women) looked at the use of drug-free interventions, and five studies (594 women) assessed the effectiveness of methadone (MIB) interventions. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of psychologicalosocial treatments. For the most part, we did not have enough information to assess the risk of bias in the studies. We assessed risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) in the review. The quality of the studies ranged from low to high. The review found that there was no difference in the rates of pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at birth, or low birth weight in the group of women who used MIB compared to those who did not. However, the review did find that neonates in the MIB group had a similar birth weight to those in the CM group. There were no differences observed at the end of treatment in the rate of the mothers' and their babies' drop-out of the treatment groups. The results held for both CM and MIB groups. Overall, the evidence was of low to moderate.
We found 31 randomised trials (involving 27,071 participants) that compared the use of the transradial approach to diagnosis of coronary artery disease with the transfemoral approach. The risk of bias in the studies was low or low for most of the domains. Compared to the transemoral method, we found short-term reduction in NACE, cardiac death, all-cause death, bleeding, and the need for emergency surgery. However, the risk of cardiac death in the short term (i.e. up to 30 days of follow-up) was similar in both groups. We also found that the number of patients who had a myocardial infarction (a heart attack) was the same between both groups (19,430 participants). We found that there was a lower risk of the procedure needing a repeat heart attack in the shorter term (14,955 patients) in the transadverse approach (28,920 patients) but a higher risk of death (10,054 patients) and bleeding (20,043 patients) (18,043 participants) (20 studies) (both of which were conducted in the UK). We identified no long-term clinical outcomes beyond 30 days. We assessed the quality of the evidence for our primary outcome (NACE) as low to high.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared any palliative care interventions for people with Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease. We found only one study that met our criteria for the review. We did not pool the results of the other trials due to variation in the types of interventions and the settings. One of the trials (99 participants) looked at the use of a patalative care team (a team of health care professionals who provide a range of services such as care for patients with a wide range of problems such as nursing home residents) for an acute illness. The other trial (256 people) looked into the effect of a decision aid given to the families of people with an acute condition. In this review, we found that there is not yet a sufficient amount of evidence to be able to say whether or not there are any benefits or harms of interventions for the care of patients with Alzheimer’s disease. There is a need for more research to be done in this area. The certainty of the evidence for all of the outcomes in this review was very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. We do not know if there are benefits or not. We are not able to make any conclusions at this time. We only found one randomised trial. The participants in the study that we looked at were aged 65 years or over, and they had been in a nursing home for a number of days. In the other study, we only found data for 90 people. We reran the search in March 2017 and will deal with those who were included in the review when we update this review.
The review of three well-conducted randomised trials (involving 1166 women) found that there is no clear benefit of one method over the other for women with breast cancer who have had local recurrences (metastases) in the first seven months after surgery. This is based on data from one large, well-designed and well-reported trial. The trials did not show a difference in the risk of relapse or recurrence of cancer spread to the metastasis (cancer returning in a new tumour) if RT is used to treat the cancer. However, women who have been treated with RT may have more neutropenia (decreases in white blood cell counts) than those who have received chemotherapy (neutrophils) after their surgery.
We found nine RCTs (involving 622 adults) that compared CrP with placebo. The studies were of short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three RCTS (662 adults) looked at the use of CrP in the home, with one RCT (200 adults) looking at its use in the hospital, and the other three (300 adults) focused on looking at the effect of using CrP alone. We focused our search on finding out which CrP dose is the most effective. We found that body weight was lower in the CrP group (200 µg, 400 µg or 500 µg) than in the placebo group (16 adults) after 12 to 16 weeks of treatment (mean difference (MD) -1.1 kg). We did not find firm evidence that one dose was better than the other (1.7 to -0.4 kg) or that CrP was superior to placebo for any of a range of body weight measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat, change in waist circumference). Only three of the nine trials looked at adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants with 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual with 400 µG CrP. Only one of the three studies that looked at side effects (adverse events) found that side effects occurred more often in people with CrP than in those with placebo (2 adults). No study looked at death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. No study reported on death due to any cause (all-cause death), morbidity or morbidity. We do not know if CrP is effective or not in healthy or obese adults. We have not found any evidence to guide us on the effectiveness and side effects of adding CrP to diet for healthy adults. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of the previous version, which was published in 2013. We found 11 studies with a total of 886 patients. These looked at a range of surgical wounds, mainly those that had been removed because they were painful to treat. There were a number of different types of dressings used, which varied from the type of wound to the thickness of the skin. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of antiseptic/antibiotics. There was some low- or very low-quality evidence that using a sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy, when used with either a honey-soaked gauze cream or a plain mesh dressing. However, there was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. One study found that more Dermacym®-treated foot wounds healed with a honey cream than with the EUSOL cream. The quality of evidence was low for most comparisons. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We found five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. All five techniques were compared to each other in one or more studies. The amniocentesis technique was compared to terbutaline tocolysis and the use of a high or low puncture during CVS. There were three comparisons: intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and the late 'blind' puncture procedure - each in a small study. None of the techniques were shown to be of benefit in any of the comparisons. Overall, the quality of the evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operator should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most well-known. Any randomised trial of technique modifications that are performed to high quality with adequate safety outcomes and the number of cases that lead to a change would be clear.
We found 10 studies: four of them were randomised (studies in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared) and three studies were non-RCTs (involving 1181 adults and 8037 live births; one of them was an interrupted time series (time series) study (1 of 2,242,438 adults and one of 1,084 live births). Six of the studies were conducted in higher-middle-income (middle- and high-income) countries; one study was conducted in a low-income country (Bangladesh); and the other three were from high- and middle-income countries (high-income and lower-income, respectively). Seven of the 10 studies looked at wheat flour fortified with folic acid and/or with other micronutrients. Three of them looked at maize flour. One of the three non-randomised trials looked at the use of maize flour on its own. The trials lasted from two weeks to eight years, and the time series studies lasted from up to seven years. In one non-certainty study, women who consumed wheat flour were less likely to have a spina bifida (neck pain) or encephalocoele (disease of the brain due to lack of oxygen), compared to those who consumed unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum folate (i.e. the amount of folate in the blood) was higher in the women who took maize flour compared to women who did not. We found no difference in haemoglobin or anaemia (the amount of red blood cells found in the other side of the body) or in the levels of iron and iron in their blood. In another non-controlled study, there was no effect on anaemia. There was no evidence on the effect of using maize flour flour on death from any cause. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low due to risk of bias for most of the outcomes. Most of the trials had some limitations in the way they were designed and performed, which makes it difficult to be sure that their findings are valid.
Searches for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were carried out in 2013. We found two RCTs (involving 1,124,483 neonates with CF) that compared screening for CF with no screening. One of the RCCs was conducted in the UK; the other in the USA. Screening for CF at all stages (i.e. six months) seems to be less expensive than no screening, and it may be less likely to be missed.
We found five trials, recruiting 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years, that compared 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure target in people with high blood pressure. We found that aiming for a blood pressure lower than 140 mmHg was the best way to reduce the risk of a stroke, with a trend towards a lower risk of both a reduction and an increase in risk. This was the case when the target was reached at the same time as the standard target. The 'higher' target was associated with a greater risk of serious adverse events (such as heart attacks and strokes). We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of aiming at a blood blood pressure higher than 90 mmhg or above on death, heart attack, heart failure or kidney failure. End-stage renal failure and heart failure were not reported in any of the trials. There was a high risk of selection bias for all outcomes in favor of the 'low' target in the trials for the analysis of diastolic blood pressure (DBP). At the current time, we do not have enough evidence to say whether aiming for lower blood pressure levels is better than aiming at the usual target. More research is needed.
This review found that non-removable casts heal more plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Non-remable, pressure-relieving casts heal ulcers more quickly than removable cast or dressments. Non Achilles tendon lengthening was more successful in one forefoot ulcer study than the use of a non-relieved cast alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings; and no of these showed a positive treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 235 women with breast cancer. Each of them focused on breast cancer survivors. All five RCTs had a high risk of bias (i.e. a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). We were able to pool data for our primary measure of interest, the quality of cognitive function, which was not able to be pooled in a way that would allow us to analyse it in a meta-analysis. We found that people who received a non-drug (non-pharmacological) intervention showed a greater improvement in cognitive function (e.g. mental well-being) compared to those who were on a wait-list. We assessed the evidence for the use of non-medicines to improve cognitive function as low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found five randomised trials, all from the 1970s, with a total of 343 participants. We did not find any new trials for this update. The review found that chlorpromazine and piperacetazine appear to be no worse or better than each other in terms of improvement in global state. In terms of side effects, around 60% of people in both treatment groups had some sort of side effect, with approximately 40% of those in the pypacetazine group having some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference in the rate of leaving the study early was observed. No data were available for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The quality of the evidence was very low. We cannot make firm conclusions based on such data.
Colorectal stents seem to be as safe as emergency surgery but have more side effects.
We found nine RCTs (1867 women) that compared albumin, HES, or mannitol, with placebo or no treatment for the prevention of OHSS. We found that albumin and HES reduce rates of moderate and severe OHSS in women at high risk. There was no effect on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poor reported to reach any firm conclusions. We did not find any trials that looked at the use of albumin or HES in pregnancy. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind women to the treatment they received.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that polidocanol (the most commonly used sclerosing agent) was more likely to cause side effects (such as pain) than other agents used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs. There was no evidence that any one sclerosant was better than any other, but there was evidence that patients were less likely to have side effects if they were given a placebo. There were no data on other sclerotics, such as tetradecyl sulfate (STS) or heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that salbutamol via nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) appears to be the drug of choice for the treatment of hyperkalaemia. We did not find any studies that assessed the use of other drugs to lower the levels of potassium in the blood (such as bicarbonate or aminophylline). None of the drugs were shown to be useful in the prevention of death or cardiac arrhythmias (chest pain) from any cause. There were no studies that looked at the effect of drugs on death or heart attack; although there are many drugs that can be used to lower blood potassium levels. We do not know if any of these drugs are effective in preventing these problems. The use of drugs to control high blood pressure is not enough to determine whether they are effective.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that locking the catheters reduces the risk of catheter thrombosis (blood clots in the leg) when used to seal the catheter. We included 29 randomized and quasi-randomised studies with 4216 patients. The risk of bias was low or low for most aspects of the studies. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 January 2019. Antibiotic and non-antibiotic (antibiotics) locking cathesters are the most commonly used types of locking catheter. We found that when we looked at all studies, we found that the use of antibiotics and the addition of both antibiotics to locking catheter reduces the number of cathters with blood clots. We did not find an effect on the incidence of other types of clots (heparin, heparin combined with other drugs) or on the overall risk of having a blood clot. However, we do not know if they are the cause of a blood clot in the arm. We are not able to draw conclusions about the safety of these drugs as we did not have enough data to analyse them in a meta-analysis. We need more research to find out whether they are effective and safe. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
We found 15 randomised trials (RCTs) with 1098 participants. Pre-emptive therapy is an immunosuppressive drug that is used to prevent the spread of CMV in the body. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 November 2015. Preemptive treatment was compared with placebo (sugar pill) or the use of antiviral drugs (drugs that kill the virus) to prevent CMV disease in adults who had received an organ transplant. Six of the 15 RCTs were in adults (aged 18 or over) with CMV when the disease occurred (standard care), eight studies in adult (18 to 65 years old) patients (1098 participants) looked at pre-emptives compared with antiviral drug prophylaxis (drug used to treat the virus). One of the studies in children (aged 12 to 18 years) was in adult patients (16 to 24 years old). The duration of the intervention ranged from three to 12 months. Preers may reduce the risk of developing CMV diseases when compared with a placebo or standard care. However, the benefits and harms of preers are not clear due to the small number of studies and the low numbers of participants. Other side-effects such as leucopenia and graft loss did not differ significantly between preers and antiviral therapy. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. All of the trials were at low risk of bias, which means that the true result is likely to be close to the truth.
We found three RCTs (involving 140 participants) that looked at the use of sweet potato for type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The duration of the studies ranged from six weeks to five months. The risk of bias of all three studies was unclear or high. The results of the analyses were imprecise. There was a small improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c - a long-term measure of diabetic mellitus control) at three- to five-month follow-up with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo. No severe side-effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is not enough evidence about the use and potential long-lasting use of the sweet-potential of sweet Potato. In addition, there is a need for more research to be done.
We included 19 studies with a total of 439 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). The follow up in the trials ranged from seven to 65 years. Most studies were cross-over, which means that both treatments are given at the same time, but one of them is done in a different way. The follow-up in the studies ranged from one to three years. We did not find any long-term (two-year) randomised trials. Most of the trials were of short duration (no more than three years), which means they did not report many of the key outcomes that are important for people with cystic fibrosis, such as quality of life, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and the number of lung exacerbations (flare-ups) that have occurred as a result of treatment. However, most of the studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an aim-to-treat approach. We found that the active cycle of breathing technique was comparable with other therapies (autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, and high-pressure chest physiotherapy), in terms of lung function and the rate of pulmonary exacerbations. There was no difference in the quality of the patients' lungs (i.e. airway openers that open the airways) or the amount of air in the chest) between the participants who received the intervention and those who did not. No difference was seen in lung function or the severity of COPD exacerbations between the groups. We are not able to recommend the use of the intervention as a treatment for COPD due to the lack of evidence. Longer-term research is needed to find out if it is better or worse than other treatments such as autogenic drainage.
The review of trials found that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may lead to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence is up to date as of 15 January 2019. The review found that the risk of miscarriage was similar with and without the co-co-injection of sperm. More research is needed to find out if brief co co-inubation would contribute to a greater live birth rates and a reduced miscarriage rate. The quality of the evidence was low.
In this review, we assessed the effect of using a long (long) intranasal tube (the length of the tube is wide enough to reach the lungs) compared with a short (short) intravenous tube (i.e. the length of time that the baby is on the ventilator). We found five studies, recruiting a total of 694 babies, that used a long IT. We found that the use of a long intranassal tube increases the risk of air leaks in the lung and death before the babies are discharged from the neonatal intensive care unit. We did not find that using a short intranaxal tube reduces the rate of BPD.
We found 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The TFU has been used for many years, but most of them have been of low quality. There is a large variety in the way TFU is used (e.g. the health providers who do the TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few few across more than one study. This means that we do not know if TFU really works. We were not able to combine the results of all the studies in a meta-analysis due to differences in the methods used in the studies. However, TFU does not seem to work in a lot of patients. No side effects from TFU were reported. In summary, we cannot be sure that TFU works.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. In 2013, we searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that compared strategies to help people who were not able to return to trial sites for the next two or more years. We found 38 randomised trials. Most of them were conducted across a range of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. For 34 of the 34 trials, people were able to take all of the questionnaires (postal and electronic) for at least one year. For the other four trials, only one of the participants remained in the trial. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2015. The included trials looked at a wide range of strategies to increase the number of people who are able to go back to the trial site for trial follow-up. These were the use of incentives (e.g. money) for people not wanting to take their questionnaires, giving them a 'non-monetary' (non-payment for no treatment) incentive, 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, or a questionnaire question order order. There were few studies that looked at ways to improve the rate of people returning to the study sites for a second year or more. There was no good evidence that the addition of a non-monencement, an increase in the amount of money they are offered, or an offer of a 'improvement in quality of life' or a 'health' or 'preferably' treatment resulted in more or less return of the questionnaire. There appeared to be little or no improvement in the rates of return of questionnaires when a 'blind' trial design was used for one trial. An open trial design appeared more effective than a blind trial design for return of questionsnaires in one study. There did not seem to be a need for a blind study to be run by a pharmacist. There does not appear to be any benefit from any of the strategies used in this systematic review. However, we do not know if some strategies are better than others. As our analyses are based on single trials, we cannot be sure that they are effective.
We included eight studies with a total of 829 adults (aged 18 to 65 years) in this update of the review. We found six cross-over trials (studies in which one of two or more treatments are compared), one of which is completed but not yet published, and the other five studies were not yet available. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilate. Evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. No study reported any difference between devices in relation to the main outcome of this review, which was the need to be on a ventilator for more than 24 hours. Evidence suggests that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway makes a better seal and may be more suitable than the 'Classical' airway for ventilating the lungs. However, we are not sure if it is better or worse than the cLMA airway because there were very few events. None of the studies reported on post-surgery nausea and vomiting. Evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score, is low. This is due to limitations in the methods used in the studies.
We included 19 RCTs with 1453 children aged four to 18 years from eight different countries. All of the trials had a follow-up ranging from one to five months. Most of the children were aged between four and 18 years. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most of the studies. Fourteen of the 19 studies were included in the review, and five of them were included only in the analysis. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2018. The studies were of mixed or low risk of bias (i.e. there was a high risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of the true effect because of the way the trials were designed and performed) and of random errors (ie: there were too few events in the studies to be sure that the true results are valid). We found that children who received probiotics were more likely to have a greater reduction in pain at zero to three months of age than those who received a placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point as well as in the placebo group. There were no differences in pain levels in children who had a low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharide, one of a type of fibre) diet (one study), or in the amount of FOD MAP (one trial), and in the frequency of high-calciferol (also known as fructose) diets (one small-scale study). There was no difference in the number of children with diarrhoea (yeast) symptoms at any time of the day or night. We were not able to combine the results of the included in this review due to poor study designs. We judged the quality of the evidence for the outcome of pain as low due to the small number of studies and the low numbers of participants. We assessed the results for the outcomes of quality of life, school performance, mental health, and social functioning as moderate.
We found 22 randomised or quasi-RCTs (studies in which one or more of two or more treatments are compared) involving 4490 participants. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. bias due to the way they were designed and performed). Most of them had a low risk of systematic bias (that is, overestimation of the true effect because of the way the studies were run and reported). The findings from the five randomised trials with the most common type of bias were mixed, with effects shown a small to medium reduction in the level of bias. We found that the three trials with continuous outcomes (involving 394 participants) showed that the intervention may have a moderate to medium decrease in the amount of bias, which is about the same as the other treatments (1 week to 2 months) and about the other treatment (6 to 9 months). However, we found that it is not clear if it makes a big impact on the rate of bias because the results of the other trials were mixed. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of mass media interventions on bias because we did not find any studies that looked at this. We do not know about the cost of mass interventions. The quality of the evidence was low for the main outcomes for bias and bias, low for side effects and very low for costs. More research is needed to find out which type of mass intervention works best, to better understand which types of mass treatment work best, and to provide evidence about cost-effectiveness. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health providers as the target group, and none targeted at young adults.
We searched for evidence in March 2017. We included 85 studies that took place in 41 countries, including eight high- and 18 low-income (eight high-income) countries, 18 middle- and 15 low-countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban areas. Forty-six of the studies looked at the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postbirth women, 17 of them explored the views of healthcare providers, and 22 of them looked at both women and healthcare providers. We found that for women, initial or continued use of antenatal care depends on a perception that doing so will be a good experience. This is a result of the use of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees (e.g. fees for care by a midwife, obstetricians, or midwives), and that allow healthcare providers to take the time needed to support the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. For health providers, first-time use of ANC depends on their experience of using it for the first time (i.e. if they are not pregnant at the time of birth or in a healthy or a risky state), as well as on women’s perceptions of the quality of care they receive. Whether they use ANC or not is based on their impression that it is a good quality and safe service, and their perception that it should be provided to them. This means that if they do not use it, they will not be able to use it because other healthcare providers will not provide it. We have found that healthcare providers need to do their job well, and need to be paid an adequate amount of money to do it. They need to take care of women and their babies, as they are the most likely to do so. They are likely to be good at doing their job because they are used to providing healthcare services and they are well-known to women. They also need to know that they are doing a good job and do not need to get paid for the care they are providing. The quality of the evidence in this review is high. It is up-to-date as of 3 April 2017.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of these drugs in patients with SAH. Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review. Three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate and the other three were of nimodipine. The results of the analysis for 'poor outcome' are based on a single large, high-risk, and large, study. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH when used in addition to standard treatment. This means that 19 patients would need to be treated with this drug in order to achieve a 'poor' outcome. For other drugs (pregabalin, paracetamol, and pyridoxamine) the results are not clear. Calcalcium inhibitors are a class of drugs commonly used to treat SAH and are commonly used in the treatment of sepsis. These drugs are usually used in combination with other drugs that are used in SAH, such as the anticonvulsants metoclopramide, paracervical blockage, and mycophenolate mofetil. This is a group of drugs that inhibit the action of paracranial blood flow. The aim of the review is to find out which is the best drug to use in terms of treatment of SAH patients. This is based on the results of one large, large, and well-conducted trial of the drug oral nitric oxide (NM). This drug is commonly used for SAH treatment and is used as a painkillers. NM is a long-term drug that is used in septic shock due to a blood clot in the major artery of the neck. The results of this drug are not very often. It is not clear if it should be used in all SAH due to the relatively low levels of the protein in the blood. There is a need for more research in this area. Further research is needed to clarify the role of the drugs in the acute-stage disease. This review is up-to-date as of 7 April 2013.
We found three RCTs (involving 739 children) that compared myeloablative therapies for high-risk neuroblastoma. All three of them used a low-risk risk group (i.e. a group of children with a high risk of the cancer spreading to the brain). The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months old. All studies had some limitations in the way they were designed and performed. We found that when we looked at the data from three of the studies we found that people with high- risk brain cancer who were treated with myelablative therapy had a longer time to live than those who received no treatment or received a placebo (a pretend) treatment. We did not have enough data to be able to draw conclusions about side effects or quality of life. One of the trials (379 children) showed a significantly higher risk of kidney problems (myelitis) and veno-occlusive (venous) disease in the myeloabilitated group compared to the control group. In the other trials (360 children) we found no difference in the risk of death from any cause between the treatment groups. None of the other outcomes that we were interested in (e.g. kidney problems, sepsis (blood poisoning) and cancer recurrence) were reported in any of the three studies. We do not know from the three trials whether or not there were any serious side-effects. We are not able to make a conclusion about side-effect rates due to the low numbers of patients with them in each group. This is based on only one of the included in the meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence is low to very low due to problems in the methods used in the study design and the low number of patients in each study. We therefore do not yet know which is the best treatment strategy. The best way to find out is to use a RCT. This review is up-to-date as of 7 May 2015.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared TACE followed by 3-DCRT to TACE alone in adults with hepatocellular carcinoma that had spread to the liver. We found eight randomised studies (involving 632 adults) that met our criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. All eight studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were designed and performed). We found low- to very low-certainty data on the benefits and harms of the use of TACE. We are uncertain as to whether TACE is better or worse than TACE in terms of the risk of dying from any cause (from all-cause death) or of tumour response (the amount of cancer shrunk in the tumour after removal). We are very uncertain about the effect on serious side-effects (such as leukopenia (low white blood cell counts)), and we are very unsure about the effects on health-related quality of life. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. All of the trials were of low quality, which means that we are not able to be sure that the true results are close to the truth.
No randomised trials were found that looked at this topic. One study showed that babies with CLD/BPD who were fed a high-calorie (high-calcium) formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth up to three months of corrected age. The other study, which looked at the use of different amounts of energy intake, showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling) and the diuretic (nitric oxide) requirements. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (with 2360 procedures) that compared the use of two-depth (subclavian vein) and femoral vein (femoral vein) for catheters. Most of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. there was a high risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of the true effect because of the way the study was designed and performed). Most studies did not report on the number of patients who died. We found that when the risk of an arterial puncture in the leg vein was low (3%) with ultrasound, the chance of success on the first attempt at catheting using the catheter was higher (31%). We did not find any difference in the rate of total or other complications, or the length of time it took to insert the catheter or the time taken to use it. No data on death or death were provided. We conclude that using a two-scale approach to cathectomy offers a small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomy-based approach for catheter insertion. We do not know if one-depth approach is better than the other. The quality of evidence was very low for most of the outcomes.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2015. We found 15 randomised and quasi-randomised studies that used a range of treatments for Alzheimer's disease. Four of them used intravenous (intravenous) infusion; seven used oral form; four used a placebo form; and one used a verum skin patch. We did not find any trials of physiostigmine in any other form. Most of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias. We were not able to combine many results from the physiostimulants in a meta-analysis due to inconsistencies in the results. The best dose physiostomy was found to be better than placebo at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly more participants in the placebo group who stopped treatment due to adverse events. There was a high rate of withdrawals due to side effects at 12 weeks in the physiestomy group. We are unable to make any conclusions about the use of pharmacostomy in the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's diseases due to the low numbers of participants and the short half-life of the drugs.
We found 13 randomised trials (involving 16,112 participants) that looked at the use of fibrates in people with a recent stroke. We found that fibrate drugs appear to be safe and can prevent a wide range of vascular and non-fatal stroke, heart attack, and myocardial infarction. There was no increase in the risk of adverse events with fibrations compared to placebo. The risk of death from any cause was not increased. The use of clofibrate was stopped in 2002 due to safety concerns. There is a need for more research in this area. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that compared the use of TA to control blood loss after caesarean section in healthy women who were at low risk of excessive blood loss. We found 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women at low-risk of high-risk bleeding after elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women) that provided data for the analysis. All women received routine prophylactic uterotonics (drugs used to control uterine contractions) in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. Overall, we found that women who had received TA were less likely to have high blood loss of at least 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL, when compared with those who had not received TA (four trials, 1534 women). The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of participants who had vaginal birth (two trials, 559 women). Women who received TA also had less blood loss (from birth to two hours postpartum) and fewer blood transfusions (five trials, 1186 women) than those who did not have TA (two studies, 2093 women). Although blood loss was less than 400 mL and 1000 mL in the TA group, it was less frequent in the placebo group (six trials, 1398 women). There was no difference in the amount of blood loss between the two groups (five studies, 1234 participants). Mild side effects (such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness) were more common in women who used TA than in the control group. The overall, the risk of having a thromboembolic event (when a blood clot becomes lodged in a vein) was low (low quality evidence). The risk of death (from any cause) was uncertain (low or very low) and the number of maternal deaths (from a very low or very high risk) was not clear (low/very low risk) (low to very low/high/high risk) after giving birth to a baby by cephalic or breechoscopy-based caesaroscopy.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 in the amantadine group and 908 in the rituximab with placebo, paracetamol and zanamivir group) to treat flu A. We found no studies in the elderly. We did not find any randomised or quasi-randomised trials in children. The evidence is up-to-date as of 15 April 2015. We were able to combine the results of all the trials and found that the use of rimantadines reduces the risk of influenza A in both the children and the adults. However, the safety of the drug was not well established. There was no evidence of side effects caused by the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of endometrial injury in pregnancy. We found nine RCTs that included a total of 1512 women. Most of these were women who had not been able to get pregnant from the first time (IUI) or from the same cycle as the IUI). In seven of the studies the women were undergoing IUI and in the other two they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. We are uncertain whether endometric injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. When we restricted the analysis to studies at low risk of bias the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. Endometral injury may increase the number of live births/pregnancy rates compared to no intervention or a'sham' (pretend) endometriostomy. However, we are very uncertain about this as the evidence is of low or very low level. The quality of evidence is low for all of the outcomes due to the small number of studies and high risk of systematic error (ie, the true effect is likely to be close to the truth but the true result is not true). We are not able to make any conclusions about the use, or lack of, of the endometrium injury used in pregnancy as we did not find any studies that compared it to other types of surgery or to no surgery. We need more well-conducted studies that are large enough to be sure of our findings.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3905 participants. All four RCTs (3905 participants) were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a bias due to the way the people taking part in the study were allocated to the treatment group). The studies all looked at one comparison: the use of oral care given by a health professional compared with usual oral care. We were not able to pool the results from one study (834 participants) due to lack of a clear difference in the numbers of patients in the two groups. Only one of the trials (involving 2513 participants) looked at the effects of the interventions. The study found no major adverse events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were decay in the mouth and tooth staining. No studies looked at oral care compared to no treatment. We found low- and very low-certainty evidence that professional oral care may not reduce the risk of death due to pneumonia in nursing home residents when compared to usual care. There was low-quality evidence from two of the four studies (included in analysis) that there may be a reduction in the rate of the first episode of pneumonia due to oral care at 18-month follow-up. However, we were unable to combine the data from these two studies due to not enough data. We are uncertain whether the number of first episodes of lung infection due to mouth infections due to dental problems due to medical reasons such as nose bleeds (pneumonia) is lower in the oral care group compared with the usual care group. There is low- or very low quality evidence from one of four trials (8934 people) that the risk for the first pneumonia-related death may be less than in the control group. The quality of the evidence for the other outcomes is very low.
The review found that budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) is more effective than placebo (dummy pill) for induction of active lymphocytic colitis. There is no evidence that mesalazine (2.4 g/day) is better than placebo. Side-effects reported in these studies and in the beclometasone dipropionate study include nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. Nausea and skin rash are reported as side-effects in the malesalazine study. Side effects in the bismuth subsalicylate (nine 262 mg per day) study are not known to be a side-effect of the drug.
We found 12 randomised trials with 3259 people with type 2 diabetes. The duration of the intervention ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine of the 12 studies compared SMBG with usual care, one of them was a three-arm study and one was a study comparing both SMBG and SMUG with standard care, and the other three were three-armed studies. In all studies, the interventions lasted from six months to one year. In one study, the intervention was given to all participants in the control group and none to those in the SMBG group. In the SMUG group, the treatment was compared to usual care and in one study to SMUG. In both groups, the participants were followed up for 12 months. We found that the effects of self-monitoring of blood glucose on glycaemic control in the first year of follow-up of one year or more were small. There were few data on morbidity. Quality of life was not assessed in any of the studies. None of the trials looked at the costs of monitoring blood glucose. We conclude that when the duration of diabetes is over one year, the overall effect of self monitoring of blood blood pressure is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months of treatment. There is no evidence that SMBG affects overall well-being or quality of life. More research is needed to find out if SMBG has an impact on the psychological impact on people with diabetes, as well as the impact of SMBG on hypoglycaemia (low blood pressure) and diabetic complications.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for adults with AsPD. We found eleven randomised trials with a total of 471 participants. Most of the trials (three) focused on men, and only one on aggression. Compared to the control condition, the use of CBT plus CBT was superior for outpatients with cocaine use in one study, but not in the other, possibly due to differences in the behaviour of the people in the treatment group. The use of CDT and CBT did not seem to make a significant change in the number of people who used drugs. However, it is not clear that CBT alone would make a change in people's behaviour. There was no change in aggression. Each of the three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; CBT with treatment as usual; and 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated' program) appeared to be effective in at least one of the outcomes (aggression, reconviction, global functioning; social functioning; and side effects). Each of these interventions had been developed for the first time for people with drug use problems. Each study focused on a different type of drug use disorder. There were too few data available to be able to draw any conclusions about the efficacy of the interventions. The quality of the evidence was low to very low.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that antibiotics are no better than placebo for the common cold, in terms of the rate of cure or persistence of symptoms, in adults. There was an increase in the risk of side effects in adults when treated with antibiotics compared to those on placebo, while there was no greater risk in children. There were too few data available for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of antibiotics for other common colds or sinus infections. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found five trials (162 participants) that assessed antibiotics for people with streptococcus-infected throat swab culture. We did not find any trials that assessed our primary outcome (i.e. the risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up). Only one of the trials (29 participants) assessed the effects of antibiotics for chronic plaque psoriasis. One of the studies (18 participants) compared rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) to placebo (14 days). One study (30 patients) assessed penicillin (1.6 MU) to erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) and one (29) assessed tonsillectomy (24-week) to remove the tonsils. We found no trials that looked at the use of azithromycin to treat gut psorosis. We do not know if any of the antibiotics used in the trials are effective in the long term. We are uncertain about the results of this review due to high risk of bias (e.g. not being able to blind people to the treatment they received) and imprecision (the quality of the evidence was very low).
We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 people with MS. Eleven of the 12 trials tested the effects of vitamin D₃, and one of them tested the effect of Vitamin D (with namely,  vitamins in vitamin D). All of the people in the studies had MS. Most of the studies were of low or very low quality. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the rate of relapse of MS, the rate at which the disease recurred, or the amount of disability seen by the person with MS at 52 weeks' or 96 weeks' follow-up. It does not seem to increase the risk of serious side effects or minor side effects. Effects on health-related quality of life and fatigue are not clear. The effects of the drug on relapse, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms are uncertain. The effect of the treatment on relapse-free relapse, T-lymphocyte (a type of white blood cell) growth, and T-lysogenase (which is a type of cancer cell) levels is not known. The quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes in this review was very low. This was due to the low numbers of people in each of the trials, the low rates of side effects, and the short duration of the treatments.
This is an update of the last Cochrane review, which was published in 2013. We searched for all the randomised controlled trials (RCTs) we found. We included 62 RCTs with a total of 4241 participants. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were carried out for a wide range of reasons. Most of them were of short duration (no more than seven days), which makes them less useful in terms of pain relief (i.e. from one to 15 days), although we did not find any new trials for this update. This review shows that oral morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. It is most commonly used for 12 to 24 hours, and most of the studies (18/19) showed that it was as good as or better than Mm/r. About 6% of people had to stop treatment with morphine due to side-effects. The most common side-effect was mild pain (4% in the oral morphine group and 1% in each of the other group) that was severe enough to be stopped taking the medicine. About 5% of the people in the studies had no worse than mild pain, which is the same as in the control group (1% in both groups) and about 2% in either group (17/377). Most studies did not report how many people had good pain relief, which means that over 90% of those who did not have good pain were not able to experience good pain pain in the short-term (one to three days). The most frequent side-side-effects that we found were mild (2% in oral morphine and 0% in placebo) or very severe (6% in total) in both treatment groups. About 3% of participants stopped the medicine due to these side effects. We found that most studies were of low or very low quality, which makes it hard to be sure that they were of good quality. We have not found any new studies since the last update of 2013.
We found 14 studies with 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were middle-aged (70%). The duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the length of follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most of the studies were of low or very low quality. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. We found that open surgery appears to be more convenient and has the disadvantage of causing more pain (49% more pain with open surgery compared with 34% with steroid injection). We are uncertain whether open surgery increases the risk of side-effects (i.e. infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis). Because of the low quality of the evidence, we are not able to say if open surgery is better or worse than steroids for resolving the symptoms of trigger finger. We are unable to make any conclusions about the safety of open surgery because the number of people who have had a flare-up of the condition (18/140 in the open surgery group and 17/130 in the placebo-controlled group) and because of the very low number of events (2/70 in the control group) from six up to 12 months after the end of treatment.
Three RCTs, with 931 people, were included in the review. All three studies compared different types of neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine; lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; and temozolomide (Xolair®) chemotherapy alone. One study, the EORTC study, demonstrated a significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm. This result was reported 10 years after the end of the initial 2008 Cochrane review. Two of the trials, the RTOG study and the NOA-04 study, found that early PCV appears to improve OS of participants with AO or AOA. The use of biomarkers, such as codeletion of one of the two full-hormone-1p and 19q with or without IDH-1 or -2 mutation, as well as identification of those with a high risk of progression-free survival (PFS; the length of time it takes the cancer to get worse) with PCV therapy, was reported in one study and PFS; however, these biomarkers were not assessed in either of these trials. One of the studies, the RCTS, showed that the use of PCV in combination with RT appears to increase OS of people with AOA and AOA, while the PCV alone does not. However, PCV is associated with significant grade 3 and 4 side-effects, and whether it can be used to replace RT remains unclear.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All studies compared montelukast (intranasal corticosteroids) to placebo (sugar pill) in children. All five of the studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three of the trials (n = 137) looked at the use of medications to treat OSA, and the other three looked at medicines to reduce apnoeas (shortness of breath), low heart rate, and rapid heart rate during sleep. One of the two trials (involving 103 children) looked into the effect of oral methadone (medicine taken by mouth) for OSA. All of the children included in the study had mild to severe OSA; however, they were not of the same age as the children in the control group. Two of the five trials looked at children with OSA that were not undergoing surgery (surgery to remove part of the oesophagus or the windpipe). All five studies were of short-term use (i.e. six weeks or less). In one of them, the patients were not randomised to the treatment group. In the other study, the people in the placebo group were not randomized to the therapy group. We are uncertain about the differences in AHI between the two groups. In contrast, we are not sure whether the differences between the other than the AHI (desaturation index) and the respiratory rate (respirator of the lungs) are the same as in the children who received the treatment. We also are not certain about the difference in the level of inhaled nitric oxide (nitric oxide) in the oral group compared to those in the 'placebo' group. This is mainly due to the small numbers of participants in the studies. We rated the certainty of the evidence for the main outcome of AHI as low due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity of the results. For the other outcomes of desaturation index and respiratory rate, we rated the quality of the data as moderate.
We found three RCTs and three CCTs (involving 1291 children) that looked at the prevention of blood clots in the veins of cancer patients with CVCs. All studies had a low risk of bias. We found no difference in the rate of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin (21), cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) (41), atypical heparins (atypical) and fibrinogen (FFP) (17), or both. All three of these drugs were given as an add-on to AT and FFP. In one CCT, we found that adding LMWH to AT supplementation reduced the risk of symptomatic VTE by 50% and the number of participants in the control group (22/68 (32.4%) versus 35/114 (30.7%) respectively. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, HITT, removal of CVC due to VTE, or PTS (post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) as a result of AT or LMWH. Three studies reported on bleeding episodes: One participant developed an ischaemia-haemorrhagic stroke (stroke). One study reported on other adverse events: None occurred. All of the trials had a high risk of systematic error (i.e. the quality of the evidence was low or very low). This could be due to the low.
The CSFD-only study showed that the use of CSFD reduced the risk of the aneurysm injury to the spinal cord by 80% in the first 24 hours after surgery compared with the control group. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the CSFD group and 2 of 82 (2.7%) participants (13.2%), both in the control and CSFD groups. There were too few data to be sure that CSFD works as a preventative treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 February 2019. Our main outcomes of interest were: The rate of global improvement, the percentage of people who achieved Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which means equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. We report the results of the RCT of NB-UVB for PPP here. In one RCT comparing oral PUVA with topical PUVA, the clearance rate was not significant in people with CPP. In three other trials, the clear-out rate for CPP was uncertain because in one, there was no clear-up rate for the groups, and in the other two, the levels of clearance rate and the withdrawal rate for both groups were similar. One RCT found that people with PPP who were treated with NB- UVB had a higher clearance rate than those who received the PUVA. In the other studies, people with either CPP or GP had a similar clearance rate. One trial found that when NB-VUBA was used with a retinoid (pregabalin) there were no differences between the groups in terms of the number of participants who had to stop treatment due to adverse events, and the withdrawals due to these events. One study found that adding NB-VAB to a skin patch (pyridoxamine) had the same benefits as using PUVA alone for treating CPP and GP. Two studies found that using NB-UA had similar results for the clearance of PPP and CPP, and for the removal of side-side-effects. The quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes was low or very low. The main reason for this was that the studies did not report all of our outcomes.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review, which found that biofeedback and electrotherapy appear to be similar to each other in the management of faecal incontinence. There was not enough data to be certain about whether there was a difference in outcome for any of the methods. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to manage this problem.
This review looked at whether or not to use catheters in patients with cathesters in the urine. The review found that if a catheter was used, the risk of re-infection of the urine was higher if the catheter was not used after surgery. This means that more patients need to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic one is used following surgery.   Urinary tract infections are the most frequent cause of urinary tract infections when a catheter is not used. There are many reasons why this may be the case. They can be due to many reasons, such as poor blood flow back from the urinary tract to the bladder, a lack of urine test, or a small number of patients. Also, they can be caused by small numbers of patients and poor or low numbers of events. Therefore, catheter use should be a trade-off between the risks of (re)catheterisation (the need to re-insert) infection into the urine) and risks of reopening of the bladder.
The review of 10 studies (3340 participants) found that aripiprazole was better than placebo (sugar pill) in the short-term (three weeks) and the longer term (six weeks) in terms of reduction of manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents with mania, although its use also leads to side effects such as nausea, constipation and lowering of the prolactin levels in the urine. We did not find any difference in mania scores for people who received aripe or valproate (valproate is a drug used to treat mania) or for those who received lithium (lithium) as an add-on treatment. We judged the overall risk of bias of the studies to be low. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the results of the meta-analysis.
In this review, we aimed to find out if antibiotics or other treatments are better than antibiotics alone for children with cancer. We found no RCTs or CCTs on the use of antibiotic or other key-hole treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections. We did not find any randomised or quasi-RCTs looking at the effectiveness of antibiotics in the management of these infections. All studies had limitations in the way they were designed and performed. We were not able to combine the results of the studies due to inconsistency and imprecision in the results. More research is needed.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of TPE strategies for adults with acute to chronic neck pain. We found three TPE themes: 1. Advice to focus on activation (e.g. a whiplash video), 2. Self-care strategies, and 3. Behavioural strategies. We found low to very low evidence that self-care methods did not relieve pain for the duration of acute to long-term neck pain at short-term follow-up. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for all interventions, which are aimed at helping adults to become aware of their neck pain, such as the need to'start the day off' (i.e. changing their neck rhythm), stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self care strategies. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. The main limitations of the review were that only three of the 15 trials that we included in the analysis were of high risk of bias (that is overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We conclude that there is a need for more research in this area. This review has shown that there are three main themes. 1. What is TPE and how might TPE help adults with neck pain? 2. How up-to-date is this review? We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that looked at TPE for adults. One of them was of high quality, while the other two were of low or very low quality. In one of the trials, the quality of evidence was very low. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. Further research is likely to have an impact on our conclusions.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk for any reason. We searched for all randomised or quasi-randomised trials that had looked at this topic, and found 49. This is an overview of a Cochrane study, which we included in the meta-analysis. Results of the Cochrane systematic review were summarised in appendices of each of the appendices. There were no trials that looked at the use of interventions to alert those at risk of developing CJD or vCJD that they are at risk, or to find out how best to support them. Also, there were no studies that investigated the best method to inform policy and practice on this topic. The results of the thematic synthesis can be used to guide policy and clinical practice. They can help us to make decisions about whether or not to inform or help to help to support someone at risk. If we are not able to reach out to them, we need to use them as a tool to do so. This is particularly true for those at high risk for a range of reasons, such as if they are not aware of their risk and/or do not know the date, gender, or if they have a history of drug use. In other words, if we do not find any good-quality trials, we will not be able to draw any conclusions about the best strategy.
We found one small randomised trial (involving 304 participants) that looked at opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) for RLS. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. More of the drug responders (i.e. those who got the medicine) were in the treatment group. The number of remites (tiredness and tingling in hands and feet) was greater in the group of patients who received the medicine. The quality of life of patients in the medicine group was better than in those in the control group. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence (sleepiness), difficulty staying awake during the day, or naps. More side-effects were seen in the medication group. These were gastrointestinal problems, tiredness, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but we do not know if they are safe. This is based on one study with a high dropout rate (high risk of bias).
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review. The evidence is up-to-date as of 22 February 2015. The review includes 15 randomised trials, involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures. All of the studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way the patients were put in the treatment groups) and there were some weaknesses in the methods used in some of the other trials. The results of this review are based on a total of 14 trials. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsal displaced fractures of the distal radius. Although there is not yet a sufficient amount of evidence to be sure that external fixation is a good way to treat these fractures, most of the problems caused by surgery are minor (e.g. pin-track infection).
We found five studies (1127 patients) that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late stent removal. We are not sure whether early stent reduction reduces the risk of UTI. It is uncertain if there is a greater risk of MUC. We found that if a BI stent was used it may be effective in preventing UTI; however, it is not clear if this is a better result. We do not know if the use of a UPU stent is as good as the removal of the stent. We did not find any studies that looked at the cost of stents. We were not able to analyse the costs of the interventions as there were not many data available. We judged the overall risk of bias of the studies as low or unclear.
We found five studies that looked at three different types of crowns. Four of them compared crowns with fillers (fillers that are held in the mouth like the ones used by dentists to keep them closed), and two of them looked at crowns placed on the back of the mouth (known as a 'full-mouth' crown). The fifth study looked at a different type of crown (PMCs) and found that crowns that are fitted with a thin metal base were less likely to fail or have gingival bleeding than those that are filled with non-restorative caries. Only one of the studies that compared PMCs with other crowns (stainless and white veneers) found that the risk of major failure or pain in the short term was lower in the crown group than in the fillers group. The risk of pain with crowns was less in the long term than with fillings. It is not clear whether there is a difference between crowns and fillers in terms of quality of life, time to return to full-mouth restorations (the length of time it takes for the tooth to heal) or costs. The quality of the evidence was very low for crowns, and we are not sure whether crowns are better or worse than other crown types. There are no RCTs that have looked at the use of different crowns or fillers. There is a need for more research to find out which is the best crown to use.
We found 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) that compared PEP to other methods of airway clearance such as ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and biPaP and exercise. We did not find any studies that used a mask (mask is worn over the nose to keep it closed), or used a mouthpiece (mouthpiece is held in the mouth). We found that when PEP was used for at least one year there was little or no difference in effect when it was used with a mask or nose clips compared to other treatments. There was a lower number of people with CF who had an exacerbation (chest pain) with PEP. In one study which used PEP with a mouthpipe, it was reported that there was no reduction in the number of exacerbations. We also found that PEP reduced the risk of a flare-up of CF lung disease. We found limited information on side effects (adverse events) when used with either PEP or PDPV. One long-term study showed that in the PEP group there were more side effects than in the other group. However, these were only reported in the group that used the mouthpiece. In PEP compared to HFCwO, we found that we had very low- to low-certainty evidence that there were no differences in the rate of flare-ups (4% versus 19%), although we had low- or very low quality evidence for other outcomes. We were not able to combine the results of the other studies as they did not use a mask, mouthpiece or a mask in a way that would allow us to draw any conclusions. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most of the outcomes.
We found four studies with 1485 participants. Most of them were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other three studies were judged to be of high quality. The CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo (dummy pill) for induction of the first week of active Crohn's disease remission (i.e. the first eight weeks of treatment with no active drug) and the first 8 weeks of the active drug (placebo) for the first two weeks of therapy. We are uncertain whether the risk of the most severe side effects (such as rash, pain, and bleeding from the nose) is the same as that of the placebo group as the 95% CI (95% CI 0.93 to 1.97) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. The side-effect rates of the participants in the control groups ranged from 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) of the patients in the placebo groups, respectively. Serious side-side-side effects of the drugs were reported in all four studies. Side-side effect rates of 1.0% (84/900) of people in the treatment groups and 1.1% (30) of those in the active CD groups were observed. The quality of the evidence for the primary outcomes was moderate.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of any type of drug used to treat heart failure in adults. The search is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. We found 108 studies with 23,762 adults with CKD. We were able to combine data from 26 RCTs (19,612 adults) with at least one outcome of interest for our meta-analysis. In acute heart failure, we found that angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) or aldosterone blockers (ARB) may reduce the risk of death (any cause) and the need for heart surgery, but we were not able to estimate whether ACEi or ARB reduces the rate of hyperkalaemia due to heart failure. We also found that ACEi and ARB may decrease the need to be treated with beta-blockers (4 studies, 3136 adults). We were uncertain about the effects of ACEi inhibitors (2 studies, 141 adults) or RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.49 to 1.49; RR 2.05; RR 1.26 to 2.59; all of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias, which means that the true effect may be close to the effect, but the true result may be quite different. We are not sure if ACEi, ARB, or RR0.89; all are of low to very low quality due to a lack of data and a high risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We are very uncertain about ACEi (2 trials) and RR2 trials (1 trial) as we did not have enough data to be sure that they were of high quality. We do not know whether angioten-concling enzyme inhibitors or ARBs are of benefit to patients with heart failure due to their use in chronic heart failure (4 trials), or if they are harmful (2 clinical trials). We did not find any studies of other types of drugs used in heart failure such as anti-arrhythmic drugs (drugs that change heart rhythm), medicines used to lower blood pressure, or drugs used to slow blood flow (drug used to reduce blood flow), that are of high-pressure or low-pressure drugs. We have not found any trials of medications used in the management of heart disease. There is a need for more studies to be done to find out which is the best drug to use.
The review of three studies involving 1945 women found that there was not enough evidence to be able to recommend one form of tocogram over the other. The risk of bias across the three studies was mixed. No maternal deaths occurred in the trials and no neonatal or neonatal deaths occurred. The results of this review do not support the use of one method of monitoring over another.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults with venous leg ulcers. We found two RCTs (involving 54 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. One of the studies (30 adults) found no difference in change in ejection fraction (i.e. the amount of air in the leg) and half venous refilling time between the exercise group and the control group, and the other study (23 adult) found a reduction in symptoms in the treatment group. The quality of the evidence was very low. We were not able to assess the risk of bias in the included studies due to the number of studies and small sample size. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this review was to assess the efficacy of viscosupplementation for OA of the knee compared to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), other treatments (saline or arthrocentesis), exercise, arthroscopy ( arthrops), and other hyaluronans/hylan products. We found 78 randomised controlled trials with a total of 78 participants. The trials followed-up patients for a range of six months to 18 months. Of note is the 5 to 13 week post injection period which showed a reduction in pain from 28 to 54% for pain and 9 to 32% for function. This is the most important part of the oedema (pain due to the knee) measured by the RevMan 4.2 index (a chart that rates the amount of pain on the knee as 0.05 points on a scale of 0 to 100). Of note, this is the percentage of patients with pain at least 0.5 points at the end of each knee at different timepoints (i.e. 5 days, 5 weeks, 10 weeks, and 18 months). The quality of the evidence for each of these outcomes was high. The evidence for the other outcomes was low or very low. The main reason for this is that most of the data were based on only a small number of studies with small sample sizes that did not have a high risk of bias.
We searched for all randomised trials that compared misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) given alone as the first-line treatment for PPH compared with placebo (dummy pill) versus oxytocin (in dose of 800 mcg). We included 10 trials with a total of 4052 women. Four of the trials (1881 women) were conducted in the UK, and one in the USA. The women were all post-menopausal women who had not responded to uterotonics (menopausal). The other two trials (1787 participants) were carried out in the US and were too small to draw any conclusions. We did not find any trials that looked at the use of surgery or other drugs to treat women who failed to respond to uterotomy. We found that oxytocins are more efficacious and cause less side effects when used as the second-line therapy for women with PPH. The quality of the included trials was low to very low. Two of the studies (800 mcg sublingual and 1800 mcg oral) were too large to draw conclusions about the effect of the drugs on the primary PPH symptoms. The other trials (two RCTs) did not have a high risk of bias. We do not have any data on surgical techniques or radiological (radiological) treatments for women who do not respond to PPH and/or haemostatics (fibrinolytic) treatment. Further research is needed to find out the best way to treat them.
We searched for all randomised trials that provided short-term (five weeks or less) or long-term supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm infants (≤ 1000 grams) with low birth weight PN. We found six studies. Five of the studies (involving five small and one large) looked at the use of N-acetylcysteine supplementation of PN for preterm preterm babies. One large study (more than 1000 babies) looked into the effects of adding cysteinaemia to PN and found that it did not affect the risks of death or bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia (infection of the stomach), bleeding in the brain, or bleeding into the brain. We were not able to combine the results of the trials due to inconsistency in the results.
We included 77 randomised clinical trials with 6287 adults with NAFLD. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Forty-one trials (3829 adults) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five of the trials (35 participants) included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials (211 adults) included participants with NASH; 14 trials (1431 adults) were included in the analyses. The source of funding was not provided in 39 of the 77 trials. Most trials (21 out of 77) were fully- or fully-funded by drug companies. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. Twelve studies did not report any funding source. All the trials were at high risk of bias. Only one trial was at low risk of systematic error (i.e. the study was well-conducted). The other studies were at very low or unclear risk of random errors (e.g. the studies were not well-designed). All the evidence was very low quality. Antioxidants and thiazolidinediones (a type of antioxidant) are drugs that decrease the risk of serious adverse events. There were no deaths in the antioxidants group and none in the placebo group. None of the people in the antioxidants group and no one in the control group group. Source of funding Twenty-six trials were partially- or completely-funded by drug manufacturers that would be able to profit from the results of the trial. Twelve of the 27 studies that did not have any role in the study were not funded. All of the studies that we included in this review were conducted in the 1980s and early in the 1990s. Due to the very low level of evidence, we are very uncertain about the effects of these drugs on death, adverse events, and health-related quality of life, the outcomes that determine whether a drug should be used.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's previous Cochrane review on the use of CSF test of t-tau for the diagnosis of Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia. We searched for all relevant research up to 30 November 2015. We included 15 randomised and quasi-randomised studies with a total of 1282 adults with MCI. All of them had mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. We found that CSF tests appear to be more reliable than other biomarker tests for the detection of Alzheimer's or other form of dementia, and that they are better than some of the other tests that have been used for the treatment of the condition. However, we are not sure if they are as accurate as other biomarkers that are used to diagnose Alzheimer's diseases. We do not know which of these tests is the most accurate. We did not find any studies that looked at the accuracy of other CSF biomarkers (p- tau/ABeta) for the diagnostic of ‘other dementias’. We were not able to formally assess these biomarkers as they were not included in the studies we have included in our review. We believe that the quality of the research to date is low to very low. This is due to a lack of data and a high risk of bias in many of the studies.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All three RCTs compared propofol to sevoflurane or desflurane for transabdominal surgery in men with prostate cancer. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and were undergoing surgery on the prostate. One of the studies was conducted in the UK, the other two in the USA. All of the patients were male and were receiving a laparoscopy-based radical prostatectomy (RALRP) as part of prostate cancer surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. We found no clear difference between the anaesthetics in terms of pain at the end of surgery (one to six hours after surgery) after RALRP. However, we found low- or very low-certainty data that showed a slight decrease in post-operative post-surgery nausea and vomiting (PONV) in the short term (one hour) after ralRP compared with inhalation anaesthesia. We also found moderate- or low-risk of an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperum (an open wound) and steep Trendelenburg (a part of the eye) positions (three-quarters of the whole eye) compared with one-quarter of the face (two-thirds of the eyes). We found low quality of data for the other outcomes (adverse effects, death from any cause, lung or circulatory problems, cognitive problems, length of stay or costs), all of which we did not include in the review. The quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre and did not describe their methods well.
We included 14 randomised and case-control studies with 1,601,515 women. Most of the studies did not show that women who received topical corticosteroids had the same outcomes as those who did not. The studies we found did not look at the same things as we did when we looked for them. We looked at: mode of birth, orofacial cleft or cleft palate, hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the side of the penis), low birth weight, preterm birth, low Apgar score, and low birthweight. We found that most of the trials we looked at did not find that there was a difference in the mother or her baby between the groups. We were not able to combine the data from all trials to give a summary result for most outcomes. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method to assess the overall quality of the evidence. We rated it from low to very low. This means that we are uncertain about some of the results, and that we have not been able to make firm conclusions.
We found four RCTs that included 611 (612 eyes) from the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. One of the trials was a trial of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers (SCUT) trial. The other three trials were of short duration (no more than one year), and one of them was a pilot study of the Steroid-For-Cervical-Ulcers Trial (Steroid-for-Corneal Ucers Trial). All of the studies compared the use of corticosteroids with or with no topical corticostomy and had a follow-up of from 30 to 500 participants. These studies were published from 1991 to 2014 and were all of high quality. We did not find any trials that compared corticoprofen-based ointment with placebo. All trials reported data on visual acuity, which ranged from three weeks to one year, and none of them found any difference between the corticosticoid group and the control group. The SUT trial found that re-epithelialization was 53% faster in the steroid group than in the placebo group. However, the SUT group did not have as many adverse events as the treatment group. In addition, the largest of the three trials found that more patients in the group treated with corticotherapeutic keratitis developed an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP). One trial reported quality of life, which was not reported. None of the other three studies found that there was any difference in the rates of adverse events between the treatment groups. Although the four trials were generally of good design, all of the patients lost 10% to 10% of their eyes in the final analyses. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2014.
We found four trials with 450 adults who had had a stroke with ischaemic stroke. We found that percutaneous (percutaneous) venous thrombolytic treatment was no better than intravenous (intravenous) treatment. At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the number of people who died in the percutaneously-administered group. There was no difference in the risk of bleeding in the brain (intracranial haemorrhages) between the intervention and control groups. We did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the relative safety of these treatments. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low.
We found one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. Risk of bias was high, as 63% of those in the control group had access to day care services (care at home). No evidence was found that centre-based day care, rather than care at home, improved or worsened children's cognition or psychosocial development. No other measures of child development such as the Griffith Mental Development Scale (GRADE) or the number of parents' and their child's behavioural development were reported in the study. Moreover, there was no evidence to suggest that the use of day care improved or decreased the level of employment of parents. This study did not report on any long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one study (involving 120 parents and their children) that compared day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. Evidence is up-to-date as of 1 April 2015.
The objective of this review was to find out which is the best histogram for the healing of UC ulcerative colitis. This is a study of how well ulcers heal. The aim of the study was to assess how well the ulcers healed and whether they did not get worse. Twenty-one (22/30) of the 30 scores in this review have been assessed in some form. Eleven of these have had some form of index validation (i.e. some of the tests are used to determine the best type of ulcers) and three have been used in a meta-analysis (a method of analysing the whole body, rather than just the symptoms). The findings of the review are based on 11 of these. All of the studies have been done in a way that would allow them to be used in the analysis. Unfortunately, none of the currently available scores for ulcers healing in UC ulcers have been properly assessed. Therefore, no conclusions can be drawn from these results. Further research is needed.
We found three randomised trials that looked at the use of surgery versus plating in 213 adults with distal tibial metaphyseal fractures. The mean age of participants ranged from 41 to 44 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of 4 February 2019. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low. The studies were at high risk of bias, which means that we are very unsure about the results for all of the outcomes. The review found that there was no difference in the need for reoperations or in the risk of complications (such as pain) in people who had had a tibia (shin bone) fixed with either nailing or plating. There were no studies that compared surgery with non-surgical treatment. The overall quality of evidence was very low. Further research is needed to answer our question.
We found 11 studies involving 38,742 people with TIA. Eight studies (35,110 people) compared BPLDs with placebo (pretend treatment) or no treatment, and three studies (3632 people) looked at different blood pressure targets. The risk of bias in the studies varied greatly, and the risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) varied greatly. We found that BPLD-based blood pressure-lowering drugs are effective in people with stroke and TIA for preventing the recurrence of a new stroke. We also found that when an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or diuretic was used, the rate of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of people with a stroke reduced with the ACE inhibitors or the diuretics. We were able to combine the data from eight of the trials (involving 35,110 participants) and found that using an ACE inhibitor or a diureptic reduced the risk for recurrent stroke by 80% or more, and by 58% or greater, compared with the placebo group (included in the control group). We were not able to pool the results of the studies due to variation in the methods used in the design and methods of the study designs. No firm conclusion can be drawn from the data.
This is a review of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside for men with BPH. The review includes four RCTs with a total of 199 men. Three of the RCCs used other B-itostomy drugs (pregabalin) and one used a different B-itsostomy. Key results  B-sitosterol does not seem to reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawals due to side effects were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively.  The long term effects of this drug, as well as its safety, are not known.
We found 26 studies (62,815 adults and 2,599 children) that compared salmeterol to placebo and eight studies (2,074 adults) that looked at salbutamol. We found that people who were not taking an inhaled corticosteroid were at significantly higher risk of death from any cause than those who were. There was no difference in the number of people who had a non-fatal event (such as a heart attack) or serious side effects with the inhaled steroids compared with the placebo. There were no differences in the numbers of patients who experienced a serious side effect with the steroids compared to those who did not. We were not able to combine data from the two largest studies (25,180 adults and 26,355 children) as all the deaths in adults were in the control group and we could not obtain all-cause deaths (i.e. death due to any cause). There was a clear increase in the risk of having a serious adverse event with regular salmetamol when compared to placebo. This was the case in both adults and children. We also found that there was an increased risk of serious adverse events with the regular salmyol group compared to the placebo group. We are unable to say whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. There is not enough evidence to say which inhaled steroid is the best to use.
The purpose of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of thyroxine in preterm neonates with bronchiolitis. Thyroid hormone therapy was found to be safe and well-treatable. There have been no trials in babies born premature. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants. The analyses showed that the use of non-absorbable disaccharides may help to lower the risk of dying from any cause when compared with placebo (sugar pill) or no intervention. It was not clear whether they helped to prevent death from hepatocellular carcinoma. Non-abdominal adverse events such as liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding were reported in 24 of the 38 included trials. No trial compared lactulose with lactitol. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 February 2019. The analysis showed that non-abhabited disacchides may also help to prevent the development of hepatal encephalopathy when used as a drug to prevent or treat hepatocepsia. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main reason for the low quality was that many of the trials did not have a low risk of bias (i.e. they did not all have a high risk of systematic error (ie, overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms)).
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review published in 2014. Bisphosphonate is a drug used to treat bone cancer that is used to improve blood flow to the bone. This review of 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) found that bisphosphoneate may reduce bone pain and the need for bone pain when used as the first-line drug to treat cancer patients who have had a bone cancer. It is commonly used as a first-time drug or as an add-on to other drugs, such as teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy (removal of bone), and calcitonin (an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor). The evidence is up-to-date as of 19 April 2019. The review found that the risk of bone cancer recurred in about 1 in 4 (25%) more children and adults who were treated with ibuprofen or prednisone compared to about 2 in 5 (17%) patients who were given a placebo (pretend) treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to risk of bias (i.e. the studies were not designed to measure all-cause or heart disease death, myocardial infarction (heart attack or stroke), graft loss, and the length of follow-up (12 months or more) in most of the trials.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane Review, first published in 2010. We found no new randomised controlled trial. We identified four randomised trials with a total of 317 participants. Three of the trials (involving oral and parenteral magnesium) looked at oral magnesium, with doses of 12.5 to 20 mmol/day. One of the studies (included in the review) was of intravenous magnesium, and the other three were of oral magnesium. Each of the four trials had a high risk of bias in at least one of the domains. There was a high level of variation in the methods used in the studies. We were able to combine the data from three of the included trials (113 participants) and found that handgrip strength (the strength of the hand) was similar in the magnesium group and in the placebo group. No important changes in adverse events were observed. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to show whether or not the use of magnesium is useful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We found 15 randomised trials with 3057 participants. Ten of the 15 trials appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are current as of April 2015. We did not find any new trials for this update. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics compared to placebo or no treatment (high-quality evidence). Only 19% of people with rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by radiogram, are cured after 1 week and 64% after 14 days (evidence from three trials). Only 3% of those with acute sinusitis will have a brain abscess (brain abscess) one week after taking antibiotics. Side effects (such as rash, pain, and headache) are the most frequent outcome (13% with antibiotics, 10% with placebo, 12% with no treatment). We found no serious side effects (e.g. nose bleeds) with antibiotics. We could not draw conclusions about children, those with suppressed immune systems, or those with very severe sininusitis. We do not know if antibiotics are useful for these patients. We judged the risk of bias in the trials to be low to very low (low risk of systematic error, high risk of random error, low risk of play of chance, high quality of evidence).
Eight RCTs (involving 2515 patients) were found that D2 lymphadenectomy was better than D1 lymphadenoscopic resectable carcinoma of the stomach. The risk of dying from any cause was twice as high as for patients with both types of cancer. However, the risk of death due to cancer spreading to the lungs was twice that of patients with only cancer cancer. In contrast, patients with cancer spread to the stomach were more likely to die from their cancer if they had only cancer surgery.
This is an update of a previous review, which found that oral naltrexone was no better than placebo (sugar pill) or no treatment for all the main outcomes in the first six months of treatment for people who are dependent on heroin use. This is based on only two of the 13 studies included in the previous version of this review. The results of this update are similar to those of the first version of the Cochrane review in 2010. In this update, we also found that there are a number of other drugs that can be used to treat opioid use, such as benzodiazepines and buprenorphine, which are commonly used in the treatment of opioid use. We have not yet found a drug which is effective in the field of methadone treatment. Further research is needed to find out which is the best drug to use.
We searched for all randomised trials on changes to fluids used in the mouth that have been used to treat people with Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease. We found only one randomised trial and both were part of the same large multicentre randomised controlled trial that looked at the use of fluids for the first time in a videofluoroscopy. There were no deaths in the first trial and no in the second. We are uncertain about the benefits and harms of changes to the amount of fluid used as part of a videolaryngoscopy (a long-term study) as too few studies have been done. There may be a benefit of adding honey or honey thick to the end of the tube when used as an add-on to a videoplasty in people with dementia. While adding honey to an end-of-the-tube may improve the rate at which a tube is passed down the food pipe, this may also lead to an increase in the rate of pneumonia during the first three-month follow-up. There are no deaths due to the type of fluids used. The quality of evidence for all of the outcomes in this review is low. This is because there are too few randomised studies to be able to draw any conclusions.
The evidence is up to date as of 22 May 2015. We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials, which included 396 women, was included in this review. We did not find any evidence of a difference in live birth rates in women who had received IVF compared with those who had not. The evidence suggested that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth in the IVF group, the chance with IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference in rates of OHSS (pregnant women who have not had IVF in the past), clinical pregnancy (pregnancy at the time of IVF) (4 studies, 351 women), ongoing pregnancy (3 studies, 485 women), multiple pregnancy (2 studies, 527 women), gestational abnormalities (1 study, 18 women) or cycle cancellations (2 study, 159 women). One study found that the oocyte removal rate (removal of oocytes) was lower in the treatment group. There were too few data to be able to draw any conclusions about rates of withdrawal from IVF treatment. Findments on the rates of pregnancy rate and withdrawal rate were sensitive to the choice of analysis: for these outcomes, we found that for the group that had not undergone IVF previously, we had not been able to reach live birth due to poor sperm counts. There was not enough data to reach a conclusion on rates of discontinuing IVF. Findings on the rate of withdrawal due to adverse events were imprecise. Finders on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which is the best IVF to give birth to.
We included a total of 984 adults with COPD aged 61 to 74 years old in this update of the review. Tai Chi was used for six weeks to one year and was compared with a range of treatments (e.g. usual care), no treatment, or any other intervention. We found that Tai Chi does not seem to improve symptoms or quality of life in COPD. We are not able to draw conclusions about the use of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea (shortness of breath), as the quality of evidence was very low to moderate. No side effects from Tai Chi were found in any of the comparisons. No adverse events were reported in the studies. We would not be able to conclude whether or not Tai Chi is a good treatment for COPD due to the lack of data. However, we did find that when compared with usual care, Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean of 29.64 metres) and better lung function (i.e. forced expiratory volume in one second (MD) 0.02 to 0.20 L) in the post-programme data. We do not know if Tai Chi improves symptoms, balance and muscle strength in the short-term or long-term. When compared with other interventions, we found that when we added Tai Chi to other treatments (breathing therapy) Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no effect on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement. We judged the evidence to be very low quality.
We found 72 randomised trials that involved 2470 adults with a mean age of 65 years. The age range of the participants ranged from 18 to 77 years. Most of the people in the trials had had a stroke more than a year ago. The studies we found were of low or very low quality. We found that there were few side-effects from the use of the devices. The most common side effects were mild (such as pain, tingling in the leg) and pain in the arm. The quality of the evidence for each of the main outcomes ranged from low to very low. The main reason for this was that many of the trials did not report enough details about their methodology or how they were conducted. Thus, while there are a large number of studies in this field, the evidence in this review is mostly low.
We found five RCTs (1330 participants) that compared fluoroquinolones for drug-sensitive TB. None of the trials looked at regimens of less than six months duration. One trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line treatment for drug related TB. Three trials (723 participants) used ethambutol in the first treatment for TB and one (174 people) used moxifloxACin in the treatment of isoniazid in the second. All of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias. We are not able to make any conclusions about the role of addition or substitution of fluorquinolone for ethabutol (tricyclic) in drug-dependent TB due to the lack of data. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect. For relapse, we are very low to low quality evidence. No trials reported on treatment failure. Fluorobinolone substitution may have a small or no impact on death, culture conversion at eight weeks, or serious adverse events. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether or not the use of a fluorin fluorone reduces death or relapse in people with drug-related TB, or if it improves the symptoms. We do not know if the addition of fluolin fluorobin fluorinoacidic acid to treatment with rifampicin, pyrazinamide, or rituximab has a role in TB, as we did not find any trials that looked at this. Six trials are currently in progress testing a longer course of four months.
