This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children and their carers found that this type of care is beneficial in terms of reducing the risk of future visits to the emergency department and the need for children to be cared for in the same way as with standard care. Asthma education aimed at people who are at risk of having an acute flare-up (flare-ups) can reduce the number of children who need to be admitted to the hospital. Very few data were available for other indicators of asthma control such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. We reran the search in April 2018. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update the review. We included 130 studies in the next update. We did not pool the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factors, such as dose or timing of ketamine, that might affect how much or how often ketamine is needed after surgery, or how much of the medicine is needed. We were not able to tell whether giving ketamine before or after surgery reduced the amount of painkillers needed for the first 24 hours after surgery. About 19% of the people in the ketamine group had at least some painkillers for 24 hours, compared with about 20% in the no-treatment group. About 20% of those having ketamine after surgery needed at least one dose, and about 10% had to be rehydrated for 48 hours. About 10% of them needed to be given a dose of at least 8 mg, and 9% needed to have a dose at least 5 µg/kg/minute. About half of those in the sham (pretend) ketamine treatment group needed a course of oral or intranasal ketamine. About 1 in 10 had to have one dose of a ketamine tablet, and 1 in 20 had to receive a fake ketamine (fake ketamine). About one-seventh of those given ketamine needed a dummy tablet. About 3 in 10 needed a fake (fake) tablet. The number of people who dropped out of the trial due to side effects was about the same in the groups treated with ketamine and placebo. About 2 in 10 people dropped out because of side effects, which could have been due to the way the study was carried out. We rated the risk of bias as low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
The MSP/RESA vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the number of children with blood-stage and blood-borne diseases. The review of trials found that the 3D7 parasite subtype of MSP2 (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine) led to a reduction in the numbers of children who had an antimalaria (wound) in two out of three groups treated with antimalarials. However, the trials did not show a change in the risk of death or illness in the other two groups, the non-immune (i.e. those who did not have a blood test) and the immunocompromised (e.g. those with a fake) groups. This could have been due to bias in the methods used in the trials.
This review aimed to find out if any of these devices could be useful in the treatment of long bone fractures. Four studies, with 125 participants, were included in the review. All four studies had limitations in the way they were carried out and were small. None of the studies looked at the effects of any of the other types of devices that are often used to help heal long bones. The evidence from these studies is of very low quality and is therefore not able to tell us whether or not these devices can help with this type of fracture. There was no reduction in pain found in the two trials that looked at this outcome. One of the trials did not look at how long the fractures took to heal and so we could not tell whether this had an effect on how well the bones healed. One study did not report on how many of the long bones healed after the fracture were healed and so it is not possible to say whether this was a factor in the number of fractures healed. Overall, the evidence from the studies was very weak and the conclusions made were imprecise. More, larger, well-conducted randomised studies are needed to answer this question.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and older) who had planned to have a laparoscopic cholecystomy. We found 12 RCTs that were of high risk of bias. These trials were randomised to drain (a drain) or no drain in about 15% of the people having a planned laparoscopy. This means that in 10 of the trials (916 adults) people received a drain and the other 916 people received no drain. There was no difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term deaths (approximately 1681 participants) or in the risk of death due to any cause (approximately 1.5 events per 100 people) in the seven trials (1143 adults) that reported on this outcome. However, there was no evidence that there was a difference in the number of deaths or adverse events in the groups treated with the drain or with no drain between the two groups. The risk of having a day-procedure laparoscope operation (removal of part of the gallbladder) was about the same in both groups in all the trials. The number of people who were discharged from the hospital was approximately the same between the groups in both the drain and no drain groups, although this may have been due to the fact that the drain was not used as often as in the no drain group. We did not find any differences in quality of life or in either group. The overall, we judged the evidence to be of low to very low quality.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, with four single herbs, eight traditional Chinese herbal medicines, and 26 self-colonised Chinese herbal compounds. The trials were of low or very low quality. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the trials, and it was not clear in which group the adverse events occurred. There were no well-designed, randomised, placebo-controlled trials with objective outcome measures. Based on this review, there is no evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicine for the treatment of people with diabetes. Most of the studies were of very low or low quality, and therefore the results of this review should be made with caution.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2012. We searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1382 people with prostate cancer. These RCTs compared IAS to CAS. We did not find any new trials for this update. The evidence from the included RCT was of moderate to high risk of bias. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic (metastatic) cancer. A subgroup analysis found no difference between IAS and CAS in the number of men with a high grade of PSA (> 10 ng/mL) and a low grade of IAS. For patients with a grade of T3 or T4) prostate cancer, we found no evidence that IAS was as good as CAS for survival or the rate of progression of the cancer. There was also no difference in adverse events (gastrointestinal, Gynecomastia and asthenia) in the two groups treated with IAS (two events) and with five events (five events), with the exception of impotence, which was lower in the IAS group. There were no data for the overall survival, prostate cancer-specific and metastatic cancer, or the progress of the disease. There may have been problems with the design of some of the trials. For instance, most of the studies were short-term (no more than three years) and had few events, so could not tell us whether or not they were of high quality.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of an IUD. We found 12 randomised trials involving 7,119 women. Five of them, which compared the use of the IUD with or without a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A, showed a higher risk of removal of the device than with or with the Lippes Loop. Two of the other trials, which looked at the use and removal of an LIPPes Loop, did not show a difference between the groups. The evidence from these trials suggests that, when the insertion of a IUD is done, the chances of using the device soon after the birth are about the same as when it is placed into the womb. The quality of evidence from the other five trials showed that use and expulsion of the Lipses Loop is less likely to be stopped when placed in the womb than when the device is not used. The results from the trials also showed that, in other work, adding copper sleeves to the Liphes Loop did not seem to help.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of meditation in haematologically-diseased adults (aged 18 years and over) with leukaemia. We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found one small randomised controlled trial (with a total of 92 adults) that was eligible for inclusion in the review. Ninety-one of these adults participated in the study, but only 42 remained in the trial and were eligible for the six-month follow-up period. There was no reporting about the average age and sex of the participants. We judged the quality of the body of evidence for all outcomes as'very low', due to the extent of missing data on the participants, and the small number of people in the included trial. We are not able to draw any conclusions as these outcomes were not assessed in the published study, as we did not find any studies that assessed them. Therefore, we are unable to draw conclusions.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised, well-conducted randomised trials of children and adults (aged 18 years and older) who had been exposed to varicella. We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were in contact with a varicedlla case. These trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes assessed and, as such, were not suitable for pooling of data. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three studies. Overall, 23% of children (23%) with a mild (to mild) varices, compared with 42% with no (no) or no (very low) risk of varices. This means that for 13 out of 56 children who developed varices (23%), 23% would have to be vaccinated to prevent one case of mild varices compared with only 42 out of 54 children who would have received no or a fake (fake) vaccine. The number of children who had a mild case (such as those with fewer than 50 skin lesions) with mild or no varices was about the same for both groups. In the three trials, most of the participants received PEP in the first three days after exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to be able to assess whether or not there were any differences in the risk of having a mild or moderate varices between the groups. No adverse events were reported in the trials. We assessed the quality of the included in this review as low or very low. This was due to limitations in the way the trials were done and run.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of antibiotic prophylaxis in adults (aged 18 years and over) with MRSA. We found 12 RCTs, with 4704 adults who had MRSA, that were eligible for this review. Antibiotics were compared with no antibiotics in 11 trials and with placebo in one trial. There were no deaths in four of the trials and there were no serious adverse events in the other four. None of the other trials looked at quality of life, the length of time spent in hospital, or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5%) people developed SSIs due to MRSA and 46/4704 (1.0%) people had SSIs as a result of MRSA; nor did it appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery. In 15 of the 15 studies that compared one antibiotic with one other, there was no difference in the proportion of people who had or did not have MRSA as a cause of SSIs. There was no evidence that any of the studies were at high risk of bias (that is, there is a chance that the true effect of the treatment may be quite different from what this review shows). Antibiotic use was not assessed in all of the included trials and we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not there were any differences in adverse events between the groups in each of the comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials was 14/1401 people and in one study there were 1.0% deaths. The proportion of adults who died was 1. The percentage of adults with MRSSI who developed SSI or SSI was 5.5%. The number of people with SSI who had SSI in the four trials that looked similar in the two groups treated with and out of the three groups who did not. There is no evidence from this review to suggest that there is any difference in deaths or in the risk of having an SSI between people treated with or not with antibiotics. However, it does not seem that there was any difference between the treatment groups in terms of adverse events. There may have been some bias in the way that the trials were carried out and run.
We searched for evidence from randomised trials that compared planned home care with hospital care for PPROM. We searched for randomised studies up to April 2015 and found two randomised controlled trials (where women were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria. We found that there was no evidence of differences between groups for any of the outcomes. There was some data from one of the trials that showed that mothers who had a caesarean section were more satisfied with their care and were more positive with the care they received. The women in the home care group spent about 10 days less days as inpatients and were, on the other hand, more positive about their care. The costs of care for mothers and their care were reduced with home care.
Two types of skin closure for caesarean section are commonly used, such as non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures, to close the skin around the incision, and these are the most commonly used methods for skin closure in these types of incisions. The review of trials found that, when the skin is removed from the skin, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for the skin to heal. If staples are removed on the first day of postpartum, if they are left in place for three days, the skin will heal on its own, and the incisions will not heal completely.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of green and black tea in healthy adults or those at high risk of developing CVD. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 participants. The main findings were that both types of green tea showed favourable effects on CVD risk factors (blood pressure and lipid levels) over a six-month to 12-month follow-up. There was no evidence that one type of black tea was better than the other. Green tea was found to be better than a green tea drink over six months, but the evidence for this was less clear. When both types were analysed together they showed favourable benefits on LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and systolic (systolic) and diastolic) blood pressure, but only a small number of studies contributed to each of these, and these were at risk of bias.
This review aimed to find out if the use of azathioprine (an immunosuppressive drug) is useful in the treatment of chronic asthma. This is an update of a review first published in 2010. We searched for new evidence in August 2010 and found no new randomised, large-scale, long-term randomised trials. We found two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) recruiting 23 adults that met the criteria for the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one of the RCTs, and methods used in assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalised to the issue of steroid tapling. Therefore there is a clear lack of evidence to recommend use of AZA in the routine use of corticosteroids in the management of asthma.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (experiments in which two or more groups of people are allocated at random to one or more treatment groups) that looked at the effects of exercise on tiredness in adults with cancer. We searched for studies up to March 2014. We found 56 studies involving 4068 people with cancer, most of whom had cancer of the breast or prostate. Most of the studies were carried out in participants with breast cancer, with 28 of these (28 out of 28) included in the initial search and 28 from 28) in the updated search. At the end of the treatment, we found that exercise was seen to be more beneficial than the control group in terms of tiredness during and after treatment. The findings of this review have been able to be made more clear in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for those with cancer-related tiredness. This is especially true for breast and prostate cancer, but not for people with solid tumour. The evidence from this review has not been proven to be able to tell us whether or not there are benefits of exercise for other types of cancer. This review has been updated twice and both times the findings did not change.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 16 to 65 years) with non-small-cell lung cancer. We found five RCTs with 3427 adults that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. The overall risk of bias (i.e. the risk that the studies were at risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouring one treatment over the other) was low. This means that only 90 out of every 100 adults will die after five years in the BEACOPP (3142) arm and 120 out of the ABVD (120) arm. After five years only 144 out of 121 to 168 adults will be alive or will be cured or would be cured of their cancer. There is no evidence for a difference in the risk of death or the need for recurrence of the cancer between the two groups. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may be twice as high with BEACP, there is no difference between the groups for other secondary malignancies (e.g. leukaemia, myelodysplasia, nasopharyngolaryngoscopy, leukemia, and lymphoma of the white blood cell count). There is also no information for us to draw any conclusions about the number of people who will die or have a relapse of their disease with either treatment. The quality of the evidence was high for OS and progression-free survival (PFS) and low to very low for other outcomes.
We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1835 cancer patients. All studies were from high-income countries and most of them were aimed at breast cancer or prostate cancer. We judged six studies to have high risk of bias and nine to have a low risk. We did not find any studies on any of the other types of treatments that are commonly used in the treatment of cancer. In all of the studies a less radical or non-referral treatment was compared with a more radical treatment. In one of the trials, breast cancer patients were offered a physical training programme. This was not shown to be better than care as usual in terms of quality of life, but it was shown to increase the number of patients with cancer who achieved good levels of self-care and improved their self-esteem. In the other type of treatment, the use of a multidisciplinary intervention, such as a psycho-education and/or vocational components, led to higher rates of re-educational or training compared to care as well as to more radical treatments. There was no evidence that there was any difference in the effect of any of these types of treatment on the risk of death from any cause. There were no studies on the effects of different types of psychosocial, psycho-behavioural or other non-drug treatments. We also found no data on the costs of the treatment. We rated the quality of evidence for the main outcomes of interest as low or very low or moderate. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of CTG on caesarean section, perinatal deaths and other neonatal outcomes up to 24 weeks of age. We included four RCTs involving more than 13,000 women. Three of the trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was supported by the UK and Ireland. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and were well-reported. We found no new trials in this update. The evidence from the 2012 update of the Cochrane review is up-to-date as of March 2013. We did not find any new trials for the update of this review. There was no difference between groups in the risk of having a caesaryan section or death of the baby within the first 28 days of life (4 trials, 11,338 women) or in the number of newborns with low levels of oxygen in the brain (1 trial, 8056 babies). There was also no difference in the occurrence of seizures in the neonatal days after birth (1 study, 2367 babies) and in the length of time the baby was in the womb (2 trials, 10,757 infants). There were no data available for severe brain injury (one trial) or for the development of disabilities. There were higher rates of continuous (three trials) and the use of auscultation (one study) during labour in the mothers who had CTG compared with those who did not have CTG. We were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not CTG had an important benefits for the baby in terms of outcomes such as death or brain injury due to hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (very low or very low) and there were no differences between groups for other secondary outcomes, such as incidence and severity of hypoxaemia (low blood oxygen levels in the blood) and number of seizures during the birth. There is a need for well-designed, large-scale, high-certainty studies to assess the benefits and harms ofCTG for women and their newborns.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-designed and well-conducted randomised trials that compared the use of different types of culture medium in IVF and ICSI treatment. We found 32 randomised controlled trials that included 3666 women. Only seven of these trials reported live birth or stillbirth. The evidence from four of these studies found no evidence of a difference in the rates of live birth and stillbirth for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear to be reliable. Six of the studies reported the rate of pregnancy. One of these found a difference between the media compared, suggesting that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with a higher clinical pregnancy rate than G5 (odds ratio (OR) 1.56; 95% CI 1.12 to 2.16; 692). This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to side effects, three of the trials reported multiple pregnancies and six of them reported miscarriage. None of them found any differences between the cultures used. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The main limitations of the review were imprecision and poor reporting of the methods used in the studies. There has been much controversy about the most likely to arise from the lack of data. We conclude that there is not enough data to draw any firm conclusions as to which is the most effective and safest method of transfer of embryos.
This review aimed to find out if any of these methods are safe and effective in this area. A search for randomised trials was carried out in 2012 and 2847 citations were found and checked by the review authors. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant however there were three duplicates (trials) in the search which left 27 articles for the review. Six of these were included in the review of 6 of the publications which left 23 of the original papers to be reviewed. Of these, of these, 23 were found to be relevant to this topic. There were no randomised controlled trials of this type in this field as there were no trials of ways of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of evidence for this area and have thought that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with non-specific chest pain. We found 17 RCTs with 1006 randomised people to take part in this updated Cochrane review. We reran the search in March 2015. We will deal with the one new RCT of interest when we next update the review. There was a reduction in the frequency of chest pain in the first three months after treatment and the number of days free of heart pain up to three months, but there was no evidence of effect on other short-term or long-term outcomes up to nine months. Due to the nature of the main intervention of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the patients were in the intervention or the control group. In addition, in three of the studies the blinding of people in the control arm was effectively blocked. For this reason, all studies had high risk of bias and were thought to have a high chance of bias. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the findings and low numbers of participants in the studies. Hypnotherapy is also a treatment that could be used, but the evidence for this is less clear.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers in adults (aged 18 years and over) with hay fever. We found 30 RCTs with 4344 adults randomised to treatment with either azelastine, cromoglycate, ketotifen, levocabastine or bepotastine compared with a placebo (fake medicine) for one to eight weeks. Nine of the trials compared olanzapine with placebo. There was some evidence from these trials that, when used topical antihistamine or mast cell or both, these drugs reduced the symptoms and signs of hay fever in the short term (i.e. for about one week). However, there was no long-term data on the benefits of these drugs. There were no serious side-effects or deaths in any of the studies. Overall, the risk of bias in the trials was low.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre studies that assessed the benefits and harms of interventions that aimed to reduce the number of people who smoked in the community. We found two randomised studies that met our criteria for inclusion in the review and a third study that was still in progress at the time of the search. Both studies were based in Native Americans and were aimed at reducing the use of tobacco in the home-based community. Both of these studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias. Based on the findings of this review, we were not able to draw conclusions as to the benefits or harms of any of the interventions described above. As such, a large gap in the amount of smoking and death rates in the communities of Indigenous and non-Indirectly-exposed people (i.e. where there is a gap between the numbers who smoke and those who do not) has to be bridging the gap between those who have smoked and people who have not smoked. We need more research in this area to help us answer this question. The evidence in this review is up to date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted controlled trials (RCTs) of women with sickle cell anaemia or HbSS. We found one RCT with 72 women that met our criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Very low- and low- or very low-quality evidence showed no clear differences in maternal deaths, perinatal or neonatal deaths or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive heart failure (congenive cardiac failure), acute chest syndrome (chest pain) or delayed blood transfusion between the treatment groups (prophylactic and selective transfusion). Low-quality data showed that prophylaxis reduced the risk of pain crises (pain after childbirth) and reduced the number of women who had to have a repeat transfusion of their own blood (pain and swelling of the skin) in the first few days after the birth. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the occurrence of haemolytic crises (blood clots in the limbs or in the veins), and no differences in the rate of acute splenic sequestration (infection) and delayed transfusion. There was no evidence of differences in adverse events for the mothers or their carers. The evidence was of very low to very low quality.
We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 67 randomised trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. A total of 5771 participants from 64 randomised, non-randomised trials provided data for one or more outcomes. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single studies. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or the time needed to return to work. There were no differences in the amount of red blood cells or in the number of adverse events (complications) between the groups treated with the fibrin sealant or with the clamp-crush method. The amount of white blood cells and red cells in the blood was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the high-pressure group. The number of transfusions, blood loss, and the time spent in hospital were all lower in the group treated with low-pressure (fibrin and low-flow) compared with the control group. No data were available on adverse events such as heart attacks, stroke, heart failure, or heart surgery. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small number of trials and participants, and to the fact that there were problems with the design of many of the studies.
This review aimed to find out if any of these treatments could be used to treat this type of PPP. Twenty-three randomised trials were found with a total of 724 people. There is some evidence that the use of systemic retinoids, oral PUVA and the combined use of PUVA/ PUVA is better than the individual treatments. However, it would appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline and Grenz Ray Therapy may not be useful. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective. The use of a topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion may be helpful. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is useful.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of any of the five classes of drugs commonly used to treat high blood pressure in adults. We found nine RCTs that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analyses. We were able to combine data from 460 of these trials, which showed that the systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diuretics is likely to be 8.8/4 mmHg or 10.0/10.0 g/kg/dL. The best evidence for the blood pressures-reducing effects of other types of drugs, such as cicletanine or indacrinone enantiomer, is less clear. This is due to the high risk of bias of studies included in this review and the high likelihood of publication bias (high chance of bias). Withdrawals due to side effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a difference. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms (harms) of these drugs. We graded the quality of evidence for both low- and high-dose blood pressures as "low" due to high-risk of bias.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomised trials of people having a laparoscopy to see if there were any differences in the risk of death or injury from gallbladder surgery. We found 58 randomised trials, with 2849 adults randomised to either a low anaesthetic dose (1558 adults) or a high dose (1291 adults) of bupivacaine, the most commonly used local anaesthetic. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There were no deaths in either group in eight trials (0.236 adults) in the group of adults who had a low or very low anaesthesia dose compared with the control group. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who died or were not discharged as day surgery. None of the trials looked at whether there were more or less side effects in the people who received the low or no anaesthetics. We did not find any trials that looked at the quality of life of the people having the laparoscopic cholecystectomy or at how long they were in the recovery room after the operation. We also found no trials that measured the time to discharge from the operation or how long it took for people to get back to work. We rated the evidence from the trials as very low or low or moderate or high quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, or quasi-randomized, double blind, or cross-over studies of types 1 to 3 of the antigens in all types of types of type 4 to 5 RDTs and types 5 to 6 of the types of pLDH. We also searched for trials of types 2 to 5 of these types of test. We included 74 studies in this review. We found that for types 1 and 2 of these tests, we found that the test had 95% to 99% of the test’s accuracy. For types 3 and 4 of the tests, the test was 90% to 96%. For types 5 of the tested test (type 4) we found 91% to 95% and 99% to 100%. For type 6 of these test we found 92% and 95% with the test. For type 7 and 8 of the three tests (type 5) there were 98% and 97% with both types of tests. We did not find enough evidence to say whether or not any of the studies were at risk of bias. The studies were generally well-conducted.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the effects of altering the length of treatment for patients with primary care. We found five randomised trials that met our criteria. All five were from the UK, and all were short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies measured the amount of time that patients spent in the clinic. We are not able to tell from our search whether or not altering the number of visits to a primary care physician affects patients' quality of life. We do not know from our searches whether or no change in primary care visits makes a difference to how long people spent in hospital, or to how much or how much money were spent on care. It is possible that these findings may change if high-certainty, well-conducted studies are published in the next few years.
This review aimed to find out if high versus low dose stavudine is the best drug to give to people with high levels of Staphylococcus aureus for ART. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years or over) with high vs. low levels of STV to either high or low levels. We also searched for RCTs that looked at the benefits and harms of high vs low or very low doses. We found three studies that included 157 adults. All three studies were from the USA and all three were known to have been on ART for more than 10 years. The studies were at high risk of bias due to the way they were carried out. There was no difference in virologic suppression in the studies (Milinkovic 2007; McComsey 2008; Sanchez-Conde 2005). However, there was an increase in the amount of fat and fat in the high dose arm of Milinkov 2007 and a decrease in limb fat and an improvement in the body mass index in the low dose arm. Symptomatic highlactatemia (low blood counts) was not seen in any of the three groups in the only one of the studies. No side effects were observed in the other two groups. The evidence from the trials was imprecise and we have not been able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not there is a clear difference between low and high doses of high versus very low to high dose stivudine.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with ARDS to either have an open lung ventilator or not. We found 10 RCTs (1658 adults) that met our criteria for the inclusion in this review. Six of the trials were of high risk of bias (i.e. there is a chance that the true effect of the intervention may be quite different from the result of the trial), and five were of moderate risk (e.g. because of bias). We found five trials to be of high quality, and five to have a low risk (moderate risk) of bias. Pooled data from five trials (1370 adults) showed a reduction in the risk of death in the ICU (ICU) and 28-day deaths (low- or very low- or moderate- or low-quality evidence), and pooled data from four studies (1313 participants) showed no difference in in in-hospital deaths (moderate- to low-or low-certainty evidence). Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma (scarring of the arm and hand). We did not find differences between groups in terms of risk of dying in the first 28 days of life or in the 28- to 30-day follow-up. We also found no effects on the number of days that the ventilators were left on, or on the length of time that the ventilation was allowed to be on, during the first month of life. We assessed the quality of evidence from the trials as low to very low quality. This was due to problems with the way in which the studies were carried out and reported.
This review aimed to find out if any of these techniques could be useful in the treatment of people with asthma. We searched for randomised controlled trials (where people are randomly put into one of one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the effectiveness of these types of treatments in order to answer this question. We found 15 studies, with a total of 687 people. Relaxation therapy did not seem to help with the use of medications in the short term (i.e. during the first few days of the study), but did seem to improve some aspects of quality of life (e.g., lung function) in the long term. There was no difference in peak expiratory flow (how much a person can get out of his or her breath), but there may have been problems with the design of the trial that could have contributed to this finding. We were not able to draw conclusions about the role of any of the other types of therapies used in this area due to the lack of good quality, well-conducted and well-reported trials.
We searched for evidence from randomised, double-blind, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the efficacy and adverse events in adults (aged 18 years and over) with or without a history of depression. We found 35 RCTs, with a total of 6785 people. We did not find evidence that any one drug was better than any other in terms of response rate or dropouts due to any cause, but we found some evidence suggesting that benzodiazepins (a type of sedative drug used to treat anxiety) may be more well tolerated than TCAs. We also found some low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty data that suggested that some drugs (such as serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are more well-treatable and more likely to cause side-effects (for example dizziness, somnolence and drowsiness) than SSRIs. We were not able to assess the risk of bias in most of the studies as most studies were small and did not report all the outcomes we thought they would need to look at. The findings of this Cochrane Review are based on low-quality, small-scale, short-term (no more than 12 weeks) and are not sufficient to be able to draw conclusions about whether or not any of these drugs are better than each other.
Twenty-nine randomised trials, involving over 1,700 people with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three of the 29 trials, which were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s in the USA, UK and Italy, compared the addition of a Teflon (metal) stent to surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic stents, but with a higher risk of recurrence of bile in the bile. The risk of death from any cause was lower with a metal stent than with a plastic stent. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Tefon stents. In the short-term (i.e. the length of time that a person lives with the cancer but does not get worse) and in the long term (over 30 days), there was no evidence that any of the stents were superior to polyethylene or perflouro alkoxy (alveolar) stents in terms of survival.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We included five RCTs with 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four trials compared the use of ultrasound with palpation, and one compared it with Doppler hearing aids. The evidence from our review shows that, when the first attempt is made to use a catheter, the success rate at first, with the first, second or third attempts, is about the same whether or not the catheters are used. We found improvements in success rates in the first and first, as well as in the second, when we compared the success rates of the first or first, attempts at placement of the catheter. We also found improved success rates at first and second times when a catheter was used, with fewer complications, such as haematoma formation, and fewer deaths. We did not find improvements in first, first or second, chances of achieving a successful first attempt with other types of guidance. None of the studies looked at ischaemic damage. We judged the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to small numbers of events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised trials (ITS) that looked at the effects of a ban on the use of all forms of alcohol and all types of drugs. We included one RCT and three ITS. The RCT included 80 male students from the Netherlands and published in 2009. The evidence from the RCT was of very low to very low quality. The results from the three ITS study were of low or very low-to-very low-quality. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether or not the results are true. The findings from the two RCTs showed that young men exposed to movies with a low- or low-alcohol content drank less than men with a high- or high-drug intake. This finding was consistent with an increase, no change, or a decrease in the amount of alcohol they drank. In the one ITS study, the amount and amount of all types and types of drinks and drugs consumed increased by about 11.11 kilolitres and 1.15 kiliolres, and 22.49 kililitres, respectively. In this review, we found that in the year after the ban was implemented, there was a 1.10% increase in the number of men who drank at least 1.5% more than men who did not drink at all. This could be due to bias arising from the lack of randomisation and imprecision (that is, from the fact that not enough men were included in the trial). However, it is not possible to be sure whether this was the result of bias because the results were imprecise. There was no difference in how many men dropped out of the studies between the two groups. This may have been due to there not having been enough men in the trials.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomized, and quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of MCT and LCT on growth, growth and development in the short-term (i.e. up to 12 weeks) and long-term growth and brain growth in the newborn. We found eight studies, with a total of 182 preterm and low-weight (n = 182) preterm or low- weight (n=18) infants. Five of the trials compared high MCT with low MCT. The meta-analysis of weight gain based on data from five studies yielded a WMD of -0.35 g/kg/d (95% CI -1.44, 0.74). Similarly, the meta-analyses for weight gain in g/d based on two studies showed no evidence of difference. There was no difference in weight gain, length gain, or incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis and NEC, based on small numbers in the trials. Head growth, head height gain, and skin thickness gain were reported in only one of the studies. Only one study reported skin fold thickness gain, which was a mean of 0.15 mm/wk. The results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address outcomes that are important for babies, such as growth, weight gain or brain growth. No studies were found that were of sufficient size to be sure that the effects were the same between LCT and MCTs. Therefore, neither formula type could be concluded to have fewer side effects or have less side effects.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, non-randomised trials of amnioinfusion in the first 24 hours after a caesarean section. We found one small randomised trial (34 women) that met our inclusion criteria. This trial was of high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers of women, inconsistency in the reporting of the data, and lack of information on blinding (i.e. women and their carers were not aware of whether they were in the amniotic or no amnial group or not). The evidence from this study is of very low quality. We did not find any randomised trials that used transabdominal (involving the vagina or vulvovaginal, or both), or non-injecting antibiotics (such as penicillin or gentamycin). We found no randomised studies that assessed the use of antibiotics in the birth canal.
The objective of this review was to find out how well the Mini-Cog worked and how well it worked in children and adults with autism. We searched for randomised, well-conducted, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the results of a child or adult with autism and found three RCTs that included 1620 adults. We were able to combine the results from all three of the studies, which showed that the test was accurate in finding children with autism who did not have the symptoms of autism. However, the studies were small and the way they were done was not as good as it could be. There were problems with the design of all the studies which made it hard to tell whether or not the test worked. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multicentre, placebo-controlled, or quasi-randomised, randomized, controlled trials of three types of amphetamines (xylomethacin, lisdexamfetamine, and paroxetine) in adults (aged 16 to 18 years) with children (aged 12 to 15 years) diagnosed with ADHD. We found 19 randomized, double blind, or non-randomized, studies that assessed three different types of Amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg)/d), Lisdex amfetamine (L.A.), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS). Eighteen studies were from the USA, and one study was from both the USA and the USA. Ten were from different parts of the world. Sixteen of the studies were funded by the drug industry, one was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. Compared with placebo, we found low- to very low-certainty, or low-to-very low-quality, data that showed that, compared with a placebo or no treatment (withdrawals due to lack of data), we found moderate- to high-quality studies that showed moderate- or high- and low-level, or both, differences in how many of the participants dropped out of the trials. We could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect (i.e. a change in the way in which people treated) because we found the studies, but we could not be sure whether this was due to bias. We did not find studies that had low risk of bias in all aspects of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, which is used to assess how well a treatment works.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of the use of vitamin D for chronic pain in adults. We found 10 randomised studies with 811 adults with chronic pain. We reran the search in May 2017. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update this review. We included six new studies in this update, bringing the total number of studies in the review to 517. We did not find any new randomised trials. This review now contains more than twice as many studies and participants than were included in the first version of this Cochrane Review. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the types of people studied, the dose of Vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures that were used to report. Adverse events and withdrawals were very rare, and there was no difference in the numbers of people who dropped out of the trials because of adverse events. Based on this evidence, we are not able to say whether or not Vitamin D has a large beneficial effect in the treatment of chronic pain due to the small amount of available evidence.
Forty-one studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients were included in this review. In all the studies the interventions were multifaceted. In 12 studies the intervention was targeted at health care providers, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 of the studies they were aimed at both. In 15 of the trials, the addition of patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. The findings of this review suggest that the use of nurse education and the role of the nurse can play an important role in the care of people with type 2 and 3 patients, through patient care or through helping them to follow up the course of treatment. The effect on the health of the patients was less clear as these outcomes were rarely assessed. However, it is not clear as the studies were often of low or very low quality and the results were often imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of birth control methods in women aged 25 years and younger. We found five RCTs that included a total of 1503 women. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The trials were small, with a mean of 3013 participants, and most were conducted in the USA. The COC compared with the LNG-IUS, transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day may not have been as good as the COC for birth control. However, a COC group had a higher percentage of women who stopped using the method for 'other personal reasons' (for example, because of a lack of sex, weight, or hair loss) than the group that used the IUD, which may have been too small for us to be sure of the results. In three of the trials that compared two different types of methods, the two groups did not seem to have the same effect over three years. In one of those trials, women who used LNG may have had about 75% of their pills for one and three years after the end of treatment. In the other two studies, women using LNG seemed to have about the same numbers of pills for three years as those using COC. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to problems with the way the trials were done and reported.
Eighty-eight randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials were included in this review. There were 42 randomised trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy studies; two Cladosporiummilium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergen immunotherapy; and six studies that looked at different types of allersgen immunotherapies. Allergen or placebo-based immunotherapy reduced the number of people who had a flare-up of their asthma symptoms and improved the symptoms of their bronchial (worsening of symptoms) symptoms and quality of life in about 40% of people. There was a reduction in the risk of having one or more flare-ups of asthma, and in the rate of changes in symptoms and in asthma symptoms, in about 50% of the people treated with immunotherapy compared with about 20% of those who did not take the immunotherapy. The risk of death from any cause was lower in the people who did or did not receive immunotherapy, but this may have been due to bias in the methods used in the trials. There was no evidence that any of the trials were at risk of bias in terms of how they were carried out or how the results were analysed. The evidence from the included trials was generally of moderate to high quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of oxygen in the blood of people with RDS. We did not find any new RCTs for this update. We found six trials involving 1297 people. We reran the search in February 2015. We will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update the review. The evidence from the trials we looked at showed that lung-protective ventilation reduced the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the stay in hospital. There was not enough evidence for us to know if the effects on long-term deaths or morbidity. We also found no evidence for any of the other outcomes that are important for patients and their carers, such as quality of life or the need to be cared for in the long term. We do not know if using a plateau pressure greater than or less than 31 cm H2O increased the chances of death.
We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants in this review. We found that none of the trials were of high risk of bias. We were able to combine data from four of the studies (sevoflurane and propofol) and found low- to very low-certainty evidence that the time to emergence from anaesthesia and the risk of adverse events (such as nausea and vomiting) were longer with isofluranane than with sevofol, and lower risk of brain relaxation and changes in the amount of blood in the brain (haemodynamic changes) than with propofL. We did not find evidence of differences in the number of people who shivered or had to be re-entered from the anaesthetist’s care. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effects of propofl on death or the need to restart a child”s day-to-day life.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of reducing blood pressure in hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular diseases. The authors found four randomised trials with a total of 15,936 hypertensive subjects. There was no evidence from these studies that blood pressures were lower in the control group. There were, however, significant problems with analysing the data from the trials, such as the number of people lost to follow-up and the number who were treated with placebo (pretend drug). This introduced bias. More robust evidence may be obtained by analysing data from other trials.
We searched for randomised trials that compared PTCRA with PTCA or angioplasty in patients with non-complex lesions. We found 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of data; however, the authors found that this would be unlikely to change the results of this review, as most outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effects of PTC RA in re-stent re-stenosis. In complex lesions, there were no important differences in the risk of re-stanosis rates at six months and at one year in those who had PTCR/PTCA compared to those who received PTC. However, there was an increased risk of transient vessel occlusions (myocardial infarction) and death in the group of adults who had either PTCRI or PPCTA. The risk of an angiographic spasm (i.e. narrowing of the blood vessel) was about nine times the risk in the PTC group and about twice in the control group. The evidence for the effectiveness of PPCTRA in the treatment of non-complicated lesions is not clear. This is due to the lack of evidence from randomised controlled trials.
Three RCTs were identified with a total of 3333 adults with bronchiolitis. Two of these were multicentre randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials. The other trial was a double blind study. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo, either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive drugs were used in all three trials. These were salbutamol (a steroid medicine), corticosteroids (a medicine used to enhance the levels of nitric oxide in the blood), a nasal decongestant (i.e. to cleanse the nasal mucosa from the nose) and antibiotics. The largest RCT had four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (infection) and two of these (11 patients) had a hoarseness (shortness of breath) and bad taste. This review did not find any benefit from the use of new types of drugs. There were no major side effects.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted studies that compared the percutaneous approach with cut-down femoral artery access in adults (aged 18 years and older) with open aneurysm. We found two randomised trials with a total of 181 adults that met our inclusion criteria. One of these had a small sample size and did not report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The other had a large number of participants and had few sources of bias. This review found that there was no difference in the risk of death or of major adverse events between the two types of access. There was also no evidence of differences between the groups in terms of the number of people who had major or non-major adverse events, or in bleeding. No wound infection was found in either group. Only one of the trials reported on the length of time it took for the operation to be done. This could be due to bias in the way the study was done. We rated the overall risk of bias as moderate to high for all outcomes. This means that the true effect of the study may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised trials that compared spermicides with other types of birth control. We found no new trials for the first update of this review, but we did find two randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-blind trials. The first was from the USA and the second from the UK. The sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the first and larger trial. The rates were 17.4 for the sponge and 12.8 for the diphragm. In the larger USA trial, the 12-month cumulative life-table termination rate per 100 women for overall pregnancy rate was higher with the sponge, and the rates were 24.5 for the hyaluronic acid-like substance (10.9) in the UK trial. Both trials were at high risk of bias. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sputum, although the numbers of women who dropped out of the trial due to side effects were lower with the mouth. No new trials have been found in the 12 months after the first review. More trials will need to be done in the next few years to find out the best way to prevent pregnancy.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised trials of treatments for HCL. We found 16 randomised trials. Sixteen studies were eligible for inclusion in the review, six of which were included in the meta-analysis. Three of the trials looked at the use of a drug to treat the symptoms of HCL (memantine, memantine or d-threo-methylphenidate) and three studies looked at treatment of cognitive problems (methylphenidate, modafinil or donepezil) in the first six months after treatment. In the first of these, there was no difference between the groups, but there were some side effects (such as dizziness, somnolence and drowsiness) that could have been due to the play of chance. The second study found no differences between the two groups, with few side effects. The third study looked at a rehabilitation program to treat cognitive problems but did not find any difference between groups. The fourth study looked into the effects of a treatment called methylphenidate. The first study found improvements in cognitive function in both the treatment arms, but not in the second. The fifth and sixth of the studies did not report any side-effects. Due to differences between studies in the types of treatments being assessed, we were not able to pool the data from the trials.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo (fake treatment) for iatrogenic and lesion-free lip and nose bleeds in adults. We included 26 randomised controlled trials in this review. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We found that there was some evidence that laser treatment reduced the amount of nerve damage in the lip and chin areas of the lower jaw. However, there was not enough evidence to know whether this was due to the type of surgery. There was not much data on the effect of surgery on other aspects of quality of life or side-effects such as altered sensation and pain. Due to the lack of evidence, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether there were any side effects. There is a need for more randomised studies to be done to find out if surgery is effective in the treatment of iatrogensic and lip bleeds.
This review aimed to find out if the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen (a prostaglandin) could reduce the number of miscarriages and perinatal deaths in women with a high risk of having a low birthweight or preterm birth (fetal or neonatal deaths) in the first 28 days after the birth. The second study was based on women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) for the first time. This study showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the combined treatment group and the no treatment group. However, there were no differences in the rates of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in the mothers between the groups. Low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the children, abnormalities other than genital tract in the child, cancer in the womb or in the other parts of the body, or cancer of the womb, were not reported in this trial. The study did not report on other secondary outcomes such as: (1) low birthweights, (2) high birthweight, (3) premature births and (4) preterm births. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2015.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2012. We searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found 14 randomised, double blind, placebo-based studies that compared TCAs and SSRIs with each other. We were able to pool data from ten of these studies, of which ten looked at TCAs, compared with placebo, and two looked at SSRI. We did not find any new studies for this update. The evidence from the trials we looked at showed that, when TCAs are used for a short period of time (i.e. six to eight weeks), about 1364 participants in the TCAs groups and about 919 in the SSRI groups dropped out of the trials. This is about the same for both groups, although the numbers needed to treat for one person to drop out of a treatment with TCAs was about twice as high as for those in the placebo groups. SSRIs are no more or less likely to cause side effects than TCAs. We also looked at how many people had to stop taking SSRI drugs because of side effects and found that for SSRI treatment, on average, out of 100 people, about 20 people would have to stop treatment for one to be able to have one side effect. This number was about the the same whether they were used for six or eight weeks or for a long time. We could not tell whether SSRI or TCAs caused more side effects. The side effects of SSRI were similar to TCAs in terms of side-effects. We are not sure if SSRI is better or worse than TCA for depression.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised, controlled trials of ibuprofen or rofecoxib in adults (aged 18 years and older) with acute migraine. We found no new studies for this update. We reran the search in February 2015. We will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update this review. We included nine studies in this review with a total of 4373 participants (with 5223 attacks). The evidence from these studies shows that, compared with a fake medicine (placebo) or other active comparators (e.g. a self-administered antiemetic), the higher dose (200 mg) was better than the lower dose (26%) for 2-hour headache relief and 24-hour sustained headache relief in about 5 in 10 (57%) of people, and about 3 in 10 people (19%) with placebo. The higher dose was not as good as the other comparators. Adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, were more often mild and short-lived, with both the higher and lower dosages, and with the same numbers of participants with both types of medicine. The most common adverse events were dizziness, somnolence and drowsiness, with about 1 in 20 (32%) of those treated with the higher or lower dose having at least one adverse event. The side effects of these medicines are usually mild and temporary, such as nausea, dizziness and dry mouth.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 43 randomised trials involving 3497 adults with dry eye. These trials enrolled 2079 participants. We could not be able to pool data from many of the trials because of differences in the types of participants, types, types and types of OTCs used. We were able to do a meta-analysis (combine of results) for some comparisons, but we found that 0.2% polyacralic acid-based artificial tears were more effective than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based (PVA) artificial tears in treating dry eye, but not with adverse events. All other types of artificial tears appeared to be no better or worse than each other. We assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias (high risk of publication bias) and poor reporting of outcomes, which meant that we were not able to draw conclusions about whether any one OTC was better than any other. However, we found evidence that OTC artificial tears may be safe and effective means for treatment of dry eye in adults. This is based on low- to very low-certainty, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of second-line regimens in people with HIV who fail first-line drugs. We found one RCT in 136 patients and two other RCTs (both of low or very low quality) found no difference in the proportion of those who achieved viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA loss among those on a lamivudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimens compared to those who did not in their later regimens. There were no studies that looked into whether or not people who had failed first treatment were more or less likely to die from any cause than those who had not been on their first line drugs. These findings are based on a low to moderate risk of bias, which means that the true results may be quite different from what we found, but we do not think that it would have been able to tell us whether the risk of death or the number of deaths due to any cause.
We searched for randomised, quasi-experiments, and cross-over, non-randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-blind studies that assessed the accuracy of any of these tests. We found 133 randomised studies involving 844,206 adults. Of the 133 studies, we found six studies for the original test, 105 for the altered test, six for the modified test, and 36 for the non-prespecified test. We also found six trials for the upper lip bite test and one for the tracheal intubation test. The face mask was the standard test in all but one of the studies, and the laryngoscopy had the highest accuracy. The upper lip bites had the best accuracy. We judged the risk of bias to be low or very low across all of the domains; we mostly observed low risk for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of biases for the other tests. The overall quality of the evidence was very low to moderate across all domains.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of probiotics in children and adults (aged 18 years and over) with acute diarrhoea. We found 56 randomised trials with a total of 8014 participants. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings. The studies varied in the definition for acute diarrhoeal illness and the end of the diarrhoeas, as well as in the risk of bias. Probiotics were found to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing the number of episodes of diarrhoebas (stools) in the first 2 to 4 days of the study. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotics. However, more research is needed to help guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double blind, and quasi-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of nidotherapy for adults (aged 18 years and over) with autism. We found only one study (52 adults) that met the criteria for this review. This was a 'pilot' study (with 52 adults) and compared standard care with standard care alone. The duration of the study was 18 months. The evidence from this review is up to date as of September 2014. The authors of this review found that people with autism who received nidosaccharide were more than twice as likely to engage in non-inpatient care and leave the study early compared with those in the standard care group, however the size of the difference did not seem to be large enough to be meaningful. There was no difference in the number of people who were alive 12 months after the end of treatment, but this may have been due to bias in the methods used in the study. There were mixed results for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes. More research is needed to find out if there are any harms of this new form of care. The quality of the evidence was very low to low for all outcomes.
We searched for randomised, double blind, and quasi-randomised trials of pregabalin in adults (aged 18 years and older) with acute ischaemic stroke. We searched for studies up to 13 June 2016. We included eight randomised trials with a total of 3283 participants. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the main outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. Pregabalin led to about 50% reduction in pain after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment (450 mg: high quality evidence). About 14% of participants with placebo experienced at least 14% pain reduction after 13 weeks, and about 9% of the people with a placebo had at least 9% improvement in their pain after 8 to 13 weeks of treatment (high or high or very high or high/high/high or very low or very good/high) after about 4 to 6 months. The most common side effects were dizziness, somnolence (sleepiness, weight gain), nausea, dry mouth, and drowsiness. We did not find evidence that any of the other drugs (painkillers, anti-inflammatories, and anti-hypertensives) had any side effects. We found high- or moderate- or high-quality data for all outcomes. This means that we can be fairly sure that the true results are close to what we found.
We searched for evidence from randomised, double-blind, well-conducted trials that looked at the benefits and harms of magnesium sulphate for pre-eclampsia in women and their babies. We found one randomised trial that was at low risk of bias (low chance of bias) and did not report any of this review's outcomes. The trial did not show any difference between the groups in Apgar and gestational age at birth, or in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. However, there were more maternal side-effects (feeling warm and flush) in the group of women who received the medicine, but no differences in side-effect rates were seen in the other groups. The evidence from this one trial is of low to very low certainty. This was due to the small number of women in the trial and to the fact that the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any intervention that aimed to help smokers to quit smoking. We found four RCTs that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. These were randomised, double blind, multicentre, double-blind, placebo-based, and quasi-randomised trials. We were able to combine data from all four studies, which showed that smoking quit rates were increased in all but one of the groups, the group of smokers, who were more than twice as likely to quit as those who were less than 20 years old. However, this did not appear to have an impact on the risk of dying from any cause. This was not found in the groups who were not smokers. We also found that there was a large gap in knowledge and evidence in this area, which meant that it was difficult to draw conclusions. This is an area in which there is a lack of high quality, well-conducted and well-reported studies have not been done. This lack of evidence does not mean that there is no effect, however it has not been proven that such a gap is not there. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray from RCTS.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of PAC. We found 13 RCTs that included 5686 people. Eighteen of the studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance that the study would give the wrong result) and the other five were of low risk (e.g. bias due to play of chance). We found that use of a PAC did not affect the risk of death or the cost of care for people in the ICU. The risk of adverse events such as shock or injury to the heart or lungs was not increased in the PAC groups compared with the non-PAC groups but the costs of the PAC were higher in the high-risk and low-risk groups. There was no difference in the number of deaths or costs between the groups treated with a PAC compared with non-invasive haemodynamic and less-invasively (haemodynamic) monitoring tool. There is a need for more and more research in this area.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The need for more than one skin puncture for venepunct and the use of a sweet-tincture (sweet taste) of juice or juice with a syringe is lower in the first few days after birth. However, the need for further treatment with a sweet taste is higher in later life.
This review aimed to find out if there is evidence from randomised controlled trials to answer this question. We searched for randomised trials that had been done to see whether there is any difference in the healing of perineal wounds after childbirth. We also looked for evidence from non-randomised, well-conducted trials. We found one such a study, from 17 women, did not find any difference between the groups in terms of wound healing at less than four weeks, but there was a trend to favour this outcome in the resutured group, however this difference was not consistent at six months. Similarly, there was no difference in rates of dysparenia (swelling) at two months and six months in the groups treated with resuturing and sutured. Significantly more of the women in the second suturing group had resumed sexual intercourse by two months, although by six months there were no differences between the two groups. Neither of the trials included data in relation to the following outcomes: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the outcome; the women's ability to breastfeed; the number of days without breastfed; the length of time it took for the wound to heal; the amount of breastfed milk that the woman had to have to drink; and the need for a full breastfeed. Based on this review, there is not enough evidence available to either support or refute the use of secondary suture for the management of broken down wounds after birth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of Chinese herbal herbs in adults (aged 18 years and older) with flu. We found 18 RCTs, with 2521 people. Most of the studies were of low or very low quality. Only three of the trials, which were large, were of high or very large size. This means that it is difficult to draw conclusions. However, amantadine, which is one of the most widely used medications in the world, was found to be more effective in decreasing flu symptoms and speeding recovery in one study. There were no differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin, nor in the occurrence of side effects. Ten studies reported mild side-effects. Most Chinese medical herbs in the studies showed the same effects to antiviral drugs.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) of thrombolytic treatments in people with catheters. We found 8 RCTs (with a total of 518 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Thrombolyses are a type of treatment in which blood is pumped through the catheter through the vein and up to the lungs through the urokinase or alteplase channel to the main artery. This is known to improve blood flow in the leg but is not as good as treatment with a drug (drugs) that block blood flow through the artery. We have found no evidence to suggest an optimal dose or administration method for thromboxetine. Based on low or very low or high or both of this review, we found low to very low certainty of this evidence due to the fact that it is based on only one study with wide confidence limits, high risk of bias and imprecision in the estimates of side effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials of women with metastatic breast cancer treated with one or more drugs in addition to standard treatment. We found 17 randomised, double-blind, well-conducted trials (involving 2674 women) that met our inclusion criteria. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in time to progression (the length of time it takes for the cancer to progress) or time for the tumour to shrink (time to death). There were more adverse events (such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia) in the group treated with a drug (although there was no evidence of differences between the groups) although these were more frequent in this group of women. There was also a higher rate of adverse events such as leukopenia and leuchtia in the treatment group compared to the group that did not have a drug. The findings of this review suggest that adding one more drug to treatment with breast cancer does seem to increase the response rates (i.e. tumour shrinkage) but does not seem to reduce the risk of death or the need for recurrence of the cancer.
The aim of this review was to find out if this was true or not. We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, non-experiments that randomly assigned adults (aged 18 years and over) admitted to an ICU to either a NLU or a non-specific care plan. We found 10 randomised trials with a total of 1896 patients. There was no difference in inpatient deaths or deaths to longest follow up. However, there was a large increase in inpatients' deaths and the number of days spent in the ICU. Also, patients discharged from the NLU were more than twice as likely to be readmitted to hospital from the UK and the US. The cost of care on the site of the care they received was higher for UK and US based studies but less for NLU based studies. We concluded that while there is some data from non-randomized, low- to very low-certainty studies that NLU patients are more likely to die in hospital, it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-involving, placebo-based, or quasi-randomised, trials that looked at the short-term and long-term outcomes of people with CTS. We found 11 randomised trials with 414 people that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We did not find any evidence that one treatment was more effective than any of the other. One low quality trial with 68 people found that when compared with placebo, the chance of the CTS getting better (overall) at the end of seven weeks may be twice as high, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the difference in CTS between the groups in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low or very low quality study with 60 participants found that at three months post-treatment, the chances of improvement in the symptoms of CTS were about the same in both groups treated with one treatment and placebo. The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two of the trials being well-conducted and the other six not. Overall, there is not evidence that any one treatment is more helpful than any other.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with ischaemic stroke or TIA for at least 12 months. We included eight RCTs involving 10,000 people. The main target of the review was to assess the effect of statins on the risk of stroke recurrence or death in the long term (long-term). We found that there was no evidence that statins had a beneficial effect on recurrence of stroke or death. There was some evidence that, in terms of long-term (longer than 12 months), there was a marginal reduction in the rate of cerebrovascular events (strokes due to blood clotting in the brain) in those with a prior stroke or transient ischaemia (stroke due to lack of blood supply to the brain). There was no difference between groups treated with either clofibrate or atorvastatin. Three of the eight trials showed a reduction in later deaths from any cause. We found no evidence to suggest that any of the studies were of high risk of bias. We conclude that there is moderate- to high-to-low-certainty information on the benefits and harms of statin treatment in patients with a history of stroke and TIA.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-centre, multicentre and quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of smoking cessation and quit rates in adults (aged 18 years and over) who were followed-up for at least 12 months. We found 11 randomised studies that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Of the 11, there were three large-scale campaigns, one in the USA and one in New Zealand, both of which included more than 50,000 smokers, both men and non-smokers, with over 50% of the people in both groups smoking at the end of the studies were included in three of the trials. Four of the eight studies that did not show a decrease in smoking rates, four showed some positive effects, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed the same effect in all the groups, in both the groups who smoked and those who did not. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some improvements in smoking behaviour and at least one change in the proportion of those who quit smoking. There was no consistent difference between groups in the types of smokers who quit and in the rates of quit or quit rates. There were no studies that measured whether smokers were more or less likely to quit than those who were more than 18 years old. There is a lack of evidence to support the use of mass media to promote smoking in adults.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of yoga for adults (aged 18 years and older) with depression or non-restorative sleep for at least 12 weeks. We found 24 studies involving 2166 participants. Thirteen studies had low risk of bias (i.e. low chance of bias due to play of chance) and five studies were well-conducted (low risk of random errors) and had low numbers of people who dropped out of the trials. Yoga was found to be safe and effective in the short-term (up to 12 weeks) and reduced sleep disturbances (including sleepiness, sleepiness and tiredness) in adults. Yoga did not appear to have any long-term effects on depression or anxiety. There was no difference in the number of participants who felt well or well-nourished after the end of treatment. No serious side-effects were reported. Four of the studies that compared yoga with psychosocial/educational interventions were of moderate- to very low-risk of bias. This means that the true results may differ a lot from what this review shows, but we can be fairly sure of the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of early and no post-operative brain imaging in adults with glioblastoma. We found one RCT that was at high risk of bias. This was a study of 125 adults who had surgery for GBM grade 4 glioma. Most of the 125 people in the study had surgery to remove all of their tumours (about 75%) of the brain and did not have any other types of brain cancer. The evidence from this study was of very low or very low certainty. This means that the true results may differ a lot from the results of this review, and that it is difficult to know whether or not this is a true finding. We also found no evidence on the effect of other forms of brain imaging. The included RCT did not report on any of the outcomes that we thought were of importance to patients, such as survival or tumour shrinkage. The findings from this review do not support the use of early or no early post-surgery brain imaging to assess brain cancer in adults. This is likely to be due to the lack of data from non-randomized, RCTs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of chlorpromazine and metiapine in adults with schizophrenia. We found three RCTs (a type of drug that is often used to treat mental disorders) that included 161 participants. There was no clear evidence that either drug was more or less effective than the other. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay drug for decades, yet there was not enough evidence to say whether this drug was better or worse in terms of improvement in mental state. There were no useable data available for any of our other key results. There is a need for high-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term trials to answer this question.
Twenty-three studies were identified for this review. The use of nitroimidazole, budesonide, tenovil and azathioprine/6MP reduced the risk of recurrences of endoscopy. However, the use of these drugs were associated with a higher risk of serious side-effects. There was no evidence of a difference between mesalamine or azadiazole for any of the other outcomes assessed. There were too few trials to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of psychosocial treatment for people with substance abuse. We found seven RCTs that included a total of 805 participants. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high risk of bias (high chance of bias due to play of chance). We found that there was no difference between groups for any of the outcomes. There was no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm (worsening of use of drugs and other substances that can cause misuse). There was also no difference in the number of participants who were still using the drugs when the end of treatment (three months) was measured. However, this may have been due to bias in the way the RCT was carried out. There were no differences between groups in terms of how much or how often people used the drugs, how often they used them, or for how long they were using them. We were not able to tell whether or not there were any serious side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence for the main outcomes as very low. This was because there were problems with the design of some of the studies, such as how the studies were run and run, or how the outcomes were measured. Also, there were only a few, small, short-term (three or six months) studies for each outcome. This means that we were unable to draw conclusions about the long-term benefits or harms of any of these interventions.
We searched for randomised trials that compared quinine to placebo or any other non-steroid drug in adults (aged 18 years and older) who had had a cramp for 48 hours or more. We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 of the trials claimed to be randomised, but only about a third of the people in the studies were able to tell us whether or not they had been randomised to take part in the trial. Compared to a dummy pill with no active treatment, people who had a placebo had 28% fewer cramps, 10% more cramps on average, and 20% fewer days with no cramps (20% reduction in cramps) over two weeks. This number was not affected by the length of time people spent in the ICU or by the number of days they spent in hospital. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects on quinines than on placebo, but there was no difference in the risk of major side effects. One person suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12%), which is a very rare event. The most common side-effects reported were stomach pain and bloating, which are usually mild.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of people with idiopathic leg cramps up to March 2017. We found seven randomised trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Six of the trials were conducted in the USA, four in Brazil and one in the UK. Three of the other four trials were in Sweden, one in China and the other in Germany. All the people in the trials had no known ulcerative colic (i.e. swelling or swelling of the legs) prior to taking part in the trial. The number of cramps per week and the number of people having at least one cramp in the four weeks after the start of the trial did not change. The percentage of adults experiencing a 25% or more decrease in cramps from the baseline did not decrease. Withdrawals due to side-effects were not more common in the group of adults in the control group than in the no-treatment group. We could not assess the risk of bias of the review due to the lack of data from the trials. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to very low for all outcomes. This means that the true effect of the treatment may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometre (a non-involving walking test) versus usual care in 14 adults with SMA. The age range of the people in the study was between 10 years and 48 years. The evidence from the RCT is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found one RCT that included 14 ambulatory adults with spinal cord palsy aged 10 to 48 years of age. Most of the adults (50%) had SMA and were able to walk at least six minutes faster than those who did not complete the training. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 m) was not different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, assessed by the change from the start of the trial, was similar between groups (MD 1.12 mL/kg/min and MD 1.16 to 4.6). A small increase in maximal oxygen uptake (VO2max) was seen in the strength-training group (MD 2.00; 95% CI -2.06 to 6.06). The HFHSE score increased by 2 points from the beginning of the study to the end (MD2.14 to 27.14), with no change in VO2max (MD 11.94, 95%). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 in the group that did not receive the strength training compared to -5.14 in the control group. The HHFSE and MMT scores increased by 3 or more points (MD11.94 and MD11.14, respectively). The trial did not report any side effects. No study-related serious side effects or side effects leading to withdrawal were found, but we were not able to draw any conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of limitations and imprecision.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised trials of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy in adults. We found two randomised trials with a total of 149 people. One of these trials (81 people) found that surgery was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilation in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no differences between groups. One trial (68 adults) found no differences between surgery and non-surgical treatments in three years after treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both trials were at high risk of bias and did not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery. There is very low evidence that patients with mild myelopath feel subjectively better shortly after surgery, but there is little or no difference in the long-term. It is not clear whether the risk of short- and long-lasting risks of surgery are outweighed by long-lived benefits. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-experiments (trials) that looked at the effects of telephones on patient care. We found nine RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. Six of the studies were conducted in the UK, one in Australia and one in New Zealand. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but the other three found an increase in return visits. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by phone advice alone. One study in nurse care found an increased number of visits to the GP but fewer out-of-hours visits. We did not find a difference in the risk of death or the number of days patients spent in the ICU between the groups treated by telephones and usual care. However, questions remain about its effects on service use and further studies are still about its impact on patients' health care use.
We searched for evidence from randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, or quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of MI for people at high risk of misuse and abuse of alcohol and other drugs. We found 84 randomised studies with 22,872 adults with a mean follow-up of at least four months. Studies were carried out in both the USA and the UK, with 70% from the USA. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 36 to 70 years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We reran the search in March 2017. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update the review. At four or more months, we found that there were no clear effects in favour of MI on the amount of alcohol consumed, amount of use of alcohol, and use of other drugs (e.g. methadone, buprenorphine and pethidine) and on binge and misuse of alcohol. There was no clear differences in how much or how often alcohol was consumed and how much of these drugs were used. None of the studies looked at harms related to MI. The results of this review suggest that there are no benefits of MI in the long-term (over four months) or for short-term use of these interventions. There is a need for more and longer-term evidence from well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale randomised trials to assess the benefits and harms of MI. This review is up-to-date as of 4 April 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of treatment for asthma. We found 29 RCTs that included 2210 adults and children. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. Some studies did not report flare-ups in a way that could be pooled (i.e. we could not tell whether or not people had a flare-up). For both adults and adults, how and when inhaler technique was assessed appeared to affect whether inhaler techniques were improved and by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good, good, or very good' asthma control and quality of life were often imprecise, meaning that we were not able to tell whether treatment had an impact on these outcomes. However, when we combined results from three studies, we found that when this question was asked about whether there were any side-effects, there were 258 people in the control group (31 per 100 in the education group compared with 69 in the non-educator group). This means that we could be fairly sure that there were no side-side-effects in the group that resulted in a 'good' or'very good' side-effect in this group. We could not be sure whether this was due to the types of checklists used in the studies, or whether this had an effect on the results. When we looked at how many people had to take a test to know whether they had an 'exacerbation' or not to be able to get a 'excess', we could only be sure that this was a'side-effect. This was especially true for people who did not have a 'bad, bad, or 'unwanted' asthma. Inhaled beta2-reuptake inhibitors (e.g. so called'smart phones'), which can be used to help with breathing, were not shown to be helpful in any of the three groups of people studied in this review. There was no evidence that these devices led to any more or less side-related side-inhaled bronchodilators than were used in children. There were also no clear differences between groups in terms of how often or for how long people needed to take them, how often they had to go to a healthcare provider, or how many days they missed from school or work. There is moderate- to very low-certainty evidence that the use of a DVD, computer app or game may be helpful for adults with moderate-to-high risk of having an 'overall' asthma, but not for children. This review is up to date as of June 2016.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised trials of mannitol in patients with acute stroke. We found three randomised trials, with a total of 226 people. None of the trials looked at death or disability. Data on the main outcomes (death and dependency) were not available in any of the studies. Death and disability could be assessed in the larger ICH trial with 226 participants and there were no differences in the number of people who died or did not die in the two groups treated. There were no side effects in either group in the trial of ischaemic stroke. Adverse events were either not found or not mentioned in the trials. We concluded that there was currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of the mannitor in the routine care of people with stroke. More trials are needed to confirm or refute whether the use of this drug is beneficial.
This review of trials found that D-penicillamine (3-Mercapto-D-valine) appears to be as good as other types of anti-rheumatic drugs, but with more side-effects. Its effects on long-term function and radiological (x-ray) progression are not clear from this review. Its efficacy appears to have a similar to that of other disease modifying anti-Rheumatoid arthritis drugs (DMARDs), but with a higher risk of side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effectiveness of any Chinese herbal medicine used to treat leucopenia in adults. We found four relevant RCTs. All four of them were of low or very low quality. None of the studies reported on our primary outcomes. There was a reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoction was used in addition to chemotherapy. There were also a decrease in the rate of leucoproliferations (worsening of the cancer) and the number of T-lymphocyte subsets (decreased) in patients treated with this type of herbal medicine. However, there was no change in the risk of death from any cause. No side effects were observed with any of the herbal medicines used. There is a need for large, well-conducted and well-reported studies to assess the benefits and harms of the use of these herbal medicines in the treatment of leukopenia.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. We found three RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 adults aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One of the trials looked at vitamin A alone, one trial looked at DHA alone, and the third study looked at both DHA and DHA A. None of the studies had any funding source. We did not find any clear evidence for any of the three trials that vitamin A or DHA were helpful in the treatment of RP. Based on the results of these three trials, there is no clear evidence that the use of the two types of supplements is helpful. No side-effects were reported in these three studies. All three trials were judged to be at low risk of bias, which means that the true effect of the treatments may be quite different from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of interventions that aimed to reduce the risk of job loss in people with RA or AS. We found three RCTs with 414 participants at risk of loss of their jobs. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a greater extent AS. Participants were recruited through rheumatoid Arthritis-WIS, both in or outside hospitals. The duration or dose of the interventions ranged from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments (two RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). We found very low to moderate levels of evidence for job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning in these three groups. The trials showed marked differences in how they performed on risk of bias, with the largest RCT reporting a large reduction in job loss and the other two RCTing the same effect. The one small RCT, which looked at sickness absenteeism, found uncertain results at six months' follow-up, although the CI was very wide (RR = 1.05, 95% CI -8.43 to -0.91). We identified no side effects in the publications of the three trials. We judged the quality of the evidence from the trials to be very low or low for all outcomes. This was due to the small sample size and the fact that the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted studies that assessed the benefits and harms of arginine supplements in preterm neonates with NEC. We found three randomised trials with a total of 285 neonates from three countries. We assessed the quality of the studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) and NEC stage 1 and 3 in the group of preterm or low birth weight preterm infants who received a placebo (pretend treatment) compared with the placebo group. The risk of death due to any cause was similar in both groups. Mortality due to NEC was not different in the two groups treated with either aginine or no treatment. The number needed to treat for an improvement in NEC (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC was 27% in the control group, and the number of NEC events (including NEC stage 2, 3, and 4) was 6. We were not able to draw conclusions about side effects due to the lack of data from the studies due to differences in the way the trials were carried out. We did not find evidence of differences between the groups in terms of quality of life or morbidity. We concluded that, compared with a control group that did not receive any treatment, the risk of having a NEC or NEC stage 3 or 4 was about one-seventh of that in a group treated with a placebo. This means that, on the whole, we would not be able to tell whether or not there is a chance of having an NEC or not.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-designed and well-conducted randomised trials of INCS in adults (aged 18 years and over) with acute sinusitis. We found four randomised studies with a total of 1943 participants. The trials were well-reported and were well designed and compared INCS with placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we pooled the results from the three trials, we found that more of the people receiving INCS were more than twice as likely to be cured or to have a cure or improvement in their symptoms than those not taking INCS. Higher dose INCS had a stronger effect on improving of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02 to 1.18). No significant side effects were found and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher dosages. Overall, we believe that the evidence from this review is current to April 2015.
This review found that the use of vancomycin in the first few days after birth has been shown to reduce the rate of nosocomial (blood) and coagulase (staphylococcal) sepsis in preterm, very low birth weight babies. There was not enough evidence to assess the risks of adverse effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of dressings and other dressers for wounds healed after an amputation. We found 14 RCTs to include in this review. Fourteen trials were found on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds. Eleven of these trials were on aloe vera, one on gauze and one on alginate. The evidence from this Cochrane Review is up to date as of March 2014. Four trials showed no difference in length of stay in hospital. One trial found fewer days spent in hospital when a plaster cast was used. There were no differences in wound healing for other types of dressers (e.g. gauze, foam, alginates and alginals) and the use of gauze was associated with more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those treated with other dressages (3 trials). One small trial showed that a single, non-steroid, aloevena supplement led to faster wound healing of wounds. However, the results of this study were not able to tell us whether this was due to the fact that there was a large amount of loss to follow up. There is a lack of good quality, well-conducted, large-scale trials to answer this question.
In 2014, we added a new trial with 11 randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-blind trials to this review. We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POP) and two of the etonogestrel-releasing (xylomethacin) and three of the levonorgestrel (LNG-IUS) types. These types of birth control have been used for more than 40 years and have been shown to be safe and effective in increasing breast milk and growth in preterm and low birth weight babies. We searched for randomised trials up to July 2014. We included six trials with more than 15,000 women. They were published before 1985 and had been on the market for less than five years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of any one birth control method on breast milk or growth. Most trials did not look at lactation, growth, or side effects. Excess milk and fat gain were seen in the COC and COCs groups, but not in the other groups. The COC group had less weight gain than the IUD group, but this did not seem to have an effect on the growth of the breast milk. The LNG- IUS group did not have more weight gain compared to the no-hormone group but had more fat gain. The evidence was of low or very low quality. This was mainly due to the lack of quantified data.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised or quasi-experiments that looked at the effect of red-light cameras on the occurrence of all-cause deaths and non-fatal non-injury deaths in adults. We identified 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA that met our criteria. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spread of the effects of RTM. For three of these three groups, for instance, for both RTM and spillover, the findings showed that for both groups, the average decrease in the number of people who died, on the other hand, was less than one-seventh of that for those who did not make any changes to their blood flow. For two of the three groups that made no change in blood flow, for example, for three of the groups that partially adjusted for RTM but failed to make any difference to the amount of blood that leaked out of the body, for one of the two groups made no changes to the blood. For the other three groups of studies, which made no difference in blood loss, the results showed that the same number of deaths or non-infant deaths occurred in both groups. The same was found for the other two groups of two groups: for one study, the rate of deaths, on average, was more than twice that of the other group. The evidence from the five studies with no changes in blood flows was less clear. Red-light images are effective in the reduction of traffic deaths.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of oral anticoagulants in outpatients and inpatients with venous thromboembolism. We found four RCTs with a total of 494 people. Three of these studies, with 383 people, assessed the effect of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram on the proportion of patients with VTE who achieved a therapeutic (i.e. the amount of blood that has been cleared from the clot) by five days. One study assessed the benefit of a 5-mg wortfarinomogram in the number of patients who had recurred (recurrences) at 90 days. No difference was found in the occurrence of bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of time spent in the hospital. One of the other three studies, involving 111 people, showed a reduction in blood clots in the legs and in the blood stream when the 10- mg wartfarin Nomogram was used. However, no difference was seen in the recurrences of blood clotting or in terms of number of transfusions or transfusion-free days. None of the studies assessed the effects of any other types of blood clotting factors that are known to occur in the veins, such as red cells, platelet or platelet-rich red cells or red cells. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to very low for all outcomes. This means that new, large, well-conducted studies are very likely to change the conclusions of this review.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (trials where people are randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the benefits and harms of enhanced care and care for adults who have had a hip fracture. We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found seven randomised trials with a total of 545 adults who had been treated for a hip injury. None of the trials were specifically for people with dementia, and all of the data we included in the review were from subgroups of adults with dementia or cognitive impairment who participated in randomised studies. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of admission to the end of treatment to 24 months after discharge. There were no data from any of the studies for our primary outcomes of health-related quality of life. There was only very low-certainty for our other main outcomes, activities of daily living and function. We were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence about the effects of the enhanced care model for all outcomes. There is a need for more and large-scale, well-conducted studies to determine the best way to care for older adults with hip fractures. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of 1 June 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of home-based care for children and adolescents (aged 12 years and over) with acute and chronic illnesses. We found seven RCTs with a total of 840 adults and children. We did not find evidence that home care reduced the risk of needing to be cared for in hospital; however, we found some evidence that there is a decrease in length of stay in hospital. There was no evidence for a reduction in physical health outcomes and a number of papers found that parents were more satisfied with home care. Home care was found to be more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one of the other trials found no significant cost benefits for the families. Overall, there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of home care for patients and their carers.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ICM with standard care or non-ICM in adults with schizophrenia. We found 40 RCTs with 7524 participants. The evidence is current to March 2016. We included RCT studies that assessed the effects of ICM in terms of reducing the number of days spent in hospital, reducing the risk of death by suicide, and improving mental state. We also looked at the likelihood of leaving the trial early (i.e. whether or not people left the trial) and the likelihood that people were able to work in the next six months or longer. We did not find evidence that ICM was any more or less effective than other forms of care, such as care by a general practitioner or nurse, in reducing the time spent in the ICM or reducing admissions to hospital. There was some low- or very low-quality evidence for adverse events and there was no evidence for any of the other outcomes that we looked at. However, there was some moderate- or high- or low-or high-quality data for ICM for reducing the chance of death, and we found that when we compared it with other types of care (such as psychosocial care or home-based care), there was little or no difference between ICM and usual care. We could not tell whether ICM had an effect on the chance that the next person would be able to get back to work or go to work. We were not able to tell whether it had an impact on the chances of completing a course of treatment. The overall quality of evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small numbers of people in the studies and to high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised, double blind, quasi-blind, or quasi-randomised trials of box training in adults (aged 18 years and over) with a box model or cadaveric model (a type of box) that aimed to reduce the time to complete a task (e.g. lifting a ball or walking) and the time taken for the box to complete the task (i.e. the time that the box could be used to do the task) compared with no box training. We also looked at how far the box was able to move, how well the box worked, and how much the box had to move. We did not look at any of the other outcomes such as death or morbidity. We found that when box training was done with a simple (non-pileptic) box trainee, the time it took for a box to finish the task was about five-seventh of the length of time. There was no difference in how long the box took to reach the task, how far it could move, or how well it worked. None of the trials looked at whether or not there were any harms caused by box training (such as injuries or deaths). We also did not find any differences between box training and other types of box trainees in terms of how far they could walk, how good they were able to walk, and whether they were as good as they could do their job. We were not able to tell whether box training made a difference to how far people could walk or how long-term. We rated the quality of the evidence from the trials as very low or low or very low. This was due to problems with the way the trials were run and run. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
This review found no evidence to support or refute peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The use of the nasobiliary tube seems to be a safe and effective treatment. There is a need for further well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale randomised trials to determine the best way to treat this type of disease.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2012. We searched for new trials in March 2015. We found 11 randomised, double blind, well-conducted trials that assessed the benefits and harms of parenteral and enteral nutrition for adults (aged 18 years and over) with ALS. We were able to pool data from seven of the trials (with a total of 4284 adults) to assess the risk of death. The risk for death with early nutritional support was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). There were no deaths and the risk for disability at the end of follow-up (at least one year) was not estimated. There was no evidence of differences between groups in terms of survival. There is a trend to a trend in survival and disability with the use of intravenous and gastric nutrition, but there is no evidence for a trend towards a better outcome with enteral or gastric feeds.
We searched for randomised, quasi-experiments, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (experiments in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the effects of BCTs in adults (aged 18 years and over) who wanted to reduce the amount of alcohol they drank. We searched for studies up to March 2016. We included 57 randomised studies with 34,390 adults. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 adults) provided data for our primary meta-analysis. The main sources of bias were from losses to follow up (36% and 21%), high-risk of bias (high risk of bias). Forty one of these studies (3587 adults) showed about one binge drinking session less than one day less per month in the BCT group, and in 15 studies (9791 adults) compared a BCT with no control group. There was no difference in how much or how few participants drank at the end of follow up. Only five of the trials (390 adults) looked at how much people drank, how much and how often they drank, and whether there were any side effects. No studies looked at whether any side effect was caused by the use of technology. We found moderate- to high-to-low-certainty data for the main outcome of 'B' and 'B'. For 'B', we found low- to very low-quality data. For the other outcomes, we found very low to moderate-evidence. This means that we are uncertain about the reliability of these findings. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. This was due to limitations in the way the studies were carried out and run.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled (where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and quasi-blinded (whereby people are put in one of three or more treatments groups) controlled with benzodiazepics in adults (aged 18 years and older) with major depressive disorders. We found 24 randomised studies, with 4233 adults randomised to receive either benzodiazapine or placebo. The mean age of the adults ranged from 48 years to 70 years. Two-thirds of the participants were men, and the mean duration of treatment ranged from two weeks to six months. The participants were followed up for 12 months. We reran the search in May 2017. We will deal with the one study of high quality when we next update the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Review. We included 24 studies in the review. We assessed the results of 2124 of the 24 studies, of which 2124 received benzodazepine and 1475 received a placebo, in a meta-analysis. The remaining 634 participants received other active treatments in three-arm randomised trials. The findings of this review showed that, compared with a placebo (pretend treatment), benzodizepine may be helpful in reducing the number of people who respond to treatment with depression. We also found that the dropout rate (participants who dropped out of treatment was lower in the group of adults receiving benzodezepine compared with the group receiving a placebo. We rated the results for both of these outcomes as low- and very low-certainty. This was due to problems with the way the studies were done and reported. We judged the evidence for the other outcomes to be of very low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of tai chi in healthy adults or those at high risk of falling. We found 13 randomised, double blind, non-fatal or quasi-randomised trials with a total of 1520 participants. All trials were short term (no more than one year) and all but one had at least one area of risk of bias that could lead to bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance) that could affect the reliability of their findings. We were not able to draw conclusions about the risk of death from any cause due to any cause. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the number of deaths due to all cause or non-cause deaths. We also found no clear differences in the numbers of people with high blood pressure or high blood lipid levels in the blood (total or diastolic blood pressure). There was also no clear difference in systolic (systolic), high-density lipoprotein-cholester (HDL-C) and triglyceride (a type of lipid) levels between the groups in the trials. We could not combine the data from the trials as there were too few people in each trial to be able to tell whether or not there was a difference between groups. There were no data from any of the trials that looked at death from all causes. There is a need for long-term, well-conducted and well-reported randomised studies to determine the best way to assess the risk from falling.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of interventions that aimed to reduce the number of people who smoked in the next 12 to 18 months. We found 27 RCTs, with about 4487 adults and about 4000 non-smokers. Most studies were carried out in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. There was moderate- to very low-certainty evidence that there was a reduction in the chances of smoking in the first six to 12 months after an RCT. We were not able to combine data from all studies in a way that allowed us to include in a meta-analysis. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that some of the people in the trials already smoked at the start of the RCT already smoked. This may have been due to there not being a lot of data. We also found that there were problems with the design of some studies, such as whether or not participants knew whether they were in the intervention group or not, and this may have affected the way they answered questions about their behaviour. We are not sure whether these problems had an impact on the results of this review. There were also problems with how studies were done. Most of the studies used a form of intervention that included more than one group of people, for example, a combined group of parents and their child, or a school-based intervention. This could mean that we could not tell whether the studies were at risk of bias. We rated the overall the quality of the evidence for the main outcomes as low or very low. This means that we are not very sure of the results.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that compared any type of corticosteroid to a placebo (pretend medicine) or no treatment in adults with adult cancer. We found three randomised studies that included a total of 445 participants. The number of people in the studies ranged from 51 to 280. We included two studies with data at eight days in the meta-analysis for nausea, and no data were available for the third study. We were able to use very low- to moderate-certainty data for the main outcome (nausea). We found that people treated with dexamethasone and tropisetron had less nausea than those treated with a fake medicine (placebo) for eight days, but this result was not relevant to adults with cancer. Corticosteroids and chlorpromazine did not seem to cause any more nausea than placebo. Side effects were no more or less likely to occur in the groups treated with placebo than in the control group, and the studies were well tolerated. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low to low due to imprecision, likely bias, and losses to follow up. This was mainly due to the lack of standardised measures of nausea, the use of different drugs, dosages, and comparisons.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children with sickle cell, cystic fibrotic or cancer or low birth weight neonates with underlying lung diseases. We found 10 RCTs that assessed the benefits and harms of prophylactic use of antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to reduce the number of LRTIs in high- and low-risk neonates. Three of the studies were in HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four in CF and one in each of these three groups ( 429) and one each in each group (219, 168 and 160). The length of treatment ranged from seven days to three years. Due to lack of data, we were not able to rate the quality of the evidence for two studies. In HIV-infected children, there was no difference in the risk of pulmonary tuberculosis (low risk of bias), and in the rate of lung cancer. There was no effect on death or morbidity with the use of the antifungal drugs. In low- and very low- risk neonates, there were no differences between the groups. There were no deaths or morbidities in either the high- or low-certainty groups. The evidence from the included in this meta-analysis was of moderate to high quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) to either nitrous oxide or a non-steroid or room air. We found nine RCTs, randomising 519 adults, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Three of the trials (100 adults) and five trials (five adults) were at low risk of bias. The evidence from the trials was of very low to very very low quality. We were not able to determine the effects of nitrous or carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary or surgical morbidity. Three trials (195 adults) showed that there were no major adverse events in the first 24 hours after the surgery. We could not combine the results from the other four trials which showed that people in the lower limbs had less pain (about one point on a scale of 1 to 10) with nitrous (Nitrous oxide) and carbon (Carbon dioxide) pneumoperitoneum. None of the included trials reported on deaths. There was not enough evidence to say whether or not there were any differences in the risk of having a heart or lung injury or in the need for re-surgery. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as very low or very low. This was due to problems with the way the trials were carried out and reported.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of dexamethasone in preterm or low birth weight neonates. We found 14 RCTs that met our criteria for inclusion in this meta-analysis. Eight of these studies, enrolling 303 neonates, compared a high-dose versus a low-dose treatment and showed an increased risk of BPD. Five of the eight studies, which compared a moderate-dose with a lower-dose, showed an increase in BPD as well as an average number needed to treat (NNTH) of 4, 95% CI 1.9 to 23.3; I² = 0.03 to 0.49; number of days needed to be cared for for in the first 12 months of life. Two of the four other studies, with a total of 762 newborns, looked at a low dose versus a high dose and showed no differences in the outcomes of death or BPD although the size of the differences between the two groups was not large enough to tell us whether one treatment was better or worse than the other. There were no differences between a high and a moderate dose of the drug were shown to be no more or less likely to cause BPD compared with a moderate to low dose. There was no evidence of differences in outcomes between a moderate and a low dosage of the drugs. The evidence from the included RCT was of moderate to high risk of bias for all outcomes except for the outcome of death and BPD, which was of very low risk.
This is an update of a review first published in 1965. We searched for new studies in 2001 and found eight new randomised studies for this update. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 adults were included in this review. The trials were of moderate to high risk of bias. We found that use of corticosteroids or intravenous immunoglobulins did not reduce the risk of heart disease in adults after one year compared with no treatment or placebo. There was no evidence that any of the included drugs were helpful in the prevention of heart diseases. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the large amount of bias due to the small numbers of people in the trials and the fact that most of the trials were carried out in the USA.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of environmental sanitation in the control of trachoma. We found six RCTs with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. There is some evidence from two of these, using insecticide spray, to show that there is some benefit from the use of insecticides to reduce the number of people who get tracheal cancer; however, this effect was not demonstrated in the other two trials that used insecticides. Health education had shown a beneficial effect in one study but there were some concerns about the methods used in this study and the findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effects of all aspects of environmental and health care in the management of tracheoma.
Fifteen randomised trials with a total of 1043 CFS patients were included in the review. The findings of this review suggest that CBT is effective in the treatment of CFS, when compared with usual care or other psychosocial treatments, is more effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue after CFS. However, the findings at follow-up after treatment were less clear. When CBT was compared with other types of treatments, such as relaxation, cognitive-behavioural therapies and relaxation, there was no evidence of a difference between CBT and other treatments in terms of the number of people who responded to treatment, but this may have been due to bias in the methods used in the studies. There was no information on the effects of CBT on mood, mood and behaviour in the long-term.
We searched for randomised studies in which people with sickle cell anemia or HbSC, HbSβ+thal or HBV-Sβ0Hb were randomised to one of two or more treatment groups (randomised to a treatment group that received either vitamin D3 or a placebo) for six weeks or six months. We found one randomised controlled study (46 adults) that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. Of the 46 enrolled adults, 39 people dropped out of the study and were not included in the analyses. Only 25 of the 46 adults completed the full six months of follow up. The study had high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcomes (high dropout rate in the placebo group) and high dropout rates in the vitamin D group, but a low risk of biases in other aspects of the way it was carried out (such as randomisation concealment, blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, selective outcome reporting, and an unclear risk of other bias). Compared to the control group, people in the treatment group had significantly higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. There was no difference between the groups in terms of side effects (tingling of lips or hands). We judged the quality of the evidence for this outcome to be moderate. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared speech and language therapies to each other or to no treatment in children aged 4 to 12 years with CAS. We found only one RCT, which included 26 children. This RCT compared the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (reST) with each other. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to very low due to imprecision (that is, the true effect may be quite different from what this review shows). The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of March 2017. The RCT did not report funding sources. The ReST study did not mention the source of funding. The Nuffsell dyspraxa and ReST studies did not have information on how they were conducted or how the study was carried out. This means that we were not able to draw any conclusions about how the RCT might have been conducted or run. However, we do know that it had been well run and well run, so we judged the results to be of moderate to high quality. The results from this review are based on just one small RCT (26 participants) and that it was not large enough to be able to tell whether or not there were any differences between the treatment groups for any of the outcomes assessed. Therefore, we are unable to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of speech and speech treatment for CAS.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, or quasi-randomised studies of the use of antibiotics in adults and children with active retinochoroiditis up to 12 months of age. We found four randomised trials with 268 participants. One of these, from Brazil, was judged to be at high risk of bias. The other three studies were at low risk of biases. We judged these three studies to be of low or very low quality. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and adults compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was at high risks of bias due to imprecision (ie, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and of bias (there was a high chance of getting the wrong results). One study in the US in adults studied pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one trial in the UK in children and adults studied a medicine (pyrimetmethoxazole) for four weeks; and one study in Brazil was assessed for 12 months. In the last study, all the participants had a cure rate for the first half of the course (45 days) and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days in the 45 days prior to the start of the trial. The UK and USA study were judged to have low to very low-to-moderate-risk of bias, meaning that the true effect may be quite different from what this review shows. The last study was at low to moderate risk of reporting bias because there were only a small number of participants and the way it was done was not well described. The results from the UK and US studies were not very clear. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted trials (RCTs) that compared the use of other types of implants for trochanteric fractures in adults. We found 43 RCTs that included 4394 adults. The evidence from 22 of these trials (3749 adults) showed that the Gamma nail was more likely than not to result in reoperations for the proximal femoral femoral bone (wound infection) and was associated with a higher reoperation rate. Five trials (623 adults) compared the intramedullary hip screw (IMHS) with the SHS. Results for post-surgery complications, deaths and function outcomes were similar in both groups. None of the 10 trials (1491 adults) of other nail compared with extramedsullary (extramedulary) or extramedillary (xylomethacinolary) implants were found to have a high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of palliative surgery and surgery for ovarian cancer. We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 22 RCTs that could be included in the meta-analysis, but we identified just one study that met our inclusion criteria. It analysed data for 47 women who had either pallative surgery (n = 27) or surgery with a medicine called Octreotide and found that compared with no surgery, the number of women who were alive after the operation was 22% less and three% of those who received surgery died. However, the size of this difference was not large. Six of 22% of the women who underwent surgery had complications during the operation and three of 11% died. The evidence from this review is weak and we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not there are benefits or harms of either type of surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of different types of drugs used to treat PCOS. We found four RCTs that included a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. There was no good evidence that any of the drugs had any effect on the number of women with regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne. None of the studies looked at body mass (BMI) or fat mass (kg/m2). There was also no evidence that there was any difference in the body mass or body weight between groups treated with either a high-dose or low-dose of a drug called simvastatin, or a placebo (pretend drug). We found no evidence for or against the use of drugs called HOMA (HOMA) or H-reactive protein (HS-CRP) in the treatment of PCOS, or combined with the OCP. There were also no data for other drugs that can be taken by mouth, such as HCT and HMG-CoA.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any of these treatments in women with cervical cancer. We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found no new studies. The search identified 1522 references, but we excluded 1330 of them. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but did not find any new randomised trials. We reran the search in May 2017. We will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update this review. For the first version of this review, we found no studies. We identified one new trial, which is expected to be completed in 2020, and will be assessed for inclusion in the next update. There are no new trials for this update. We have not found any new studies for the update of this Cochrane Review. The last version of the review included 22 articles, but none of them were found to be of high quality. Therefore, this review has been lost to search.
The objective of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of adding temozolomide to treatment of HGG. Three RCTs were included in the meta-analysis that looked at the effects of adding a non-selective anti-tumour drug to radiotherapy for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) in the first 12 months after the end of treatment. These trials found that, when given in addition to treatment with other non-steroid drugs (including cisplatin and immunosuppressive drugs) to treatment for HGG did not seem to help the survival of the tumour, but it did seem to improve the time to death from the cancer. Adverse events such as haematological (blood) problems, fatigue and infections were more frequent in the group of patients treated with temozoomide than in the control group.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the effectiveness of any kind of health care provision (e.g., in-patient and out-patient care) and of any type of non-health care services that might be used to provide health care for adults and children in low- and middle-income countries. We found no studies that aimed to look at the effects of any of these types of care. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia suggest low- to very low-certainty, low-to-moderate-evidence that private contracts with non-industry organisations (NGOs) for health care management may improve health care access and use of health services. However, the findings of the other study of the same size and length of the training course over 18 months may have had little or no effect on district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not take part in the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more than those who received the training. There is low- or very low quality, low to moderate-quality evidence that contracting-in may be a way to increase access to health care and to use health care services. Other ways of hiring and retaining health care workers have not been adequately assessed. More evidence is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn.
We searched for evidence from randomized, non-randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of surgery and non-surgical treatments in adults (aged 18 years and older) admitted to an ICU. We found three RCTs involving 123 people. All three of the studies were small, and all three were conducted in the ICU; there was a high risk of bias. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of surgery on death from any cause. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgery was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing the risk of pneumonia, chest deformity, and tracheostomy. The risk of chest tightness, bodily pain, and side effects were each assessed in one study. More well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale, long-term studies are needed to confirm these results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of cerivastatin or any of the other classes of drugs that can be used to treat high blood cholesterol. We found fifty RCTs and 31 before-and-after (trials) studies that assessed the benefits and harms of the drugs in 12,877 adults who had their LDL cholesterol measured. These people were of any age with and without heart or stroke. The evidence is up to date as of June 2016. We did not find any studies that looked only at people who already had high blood lipid levels in their blood (e.g. high blood lipids). We found that when compared to fluvastatin, the effects were about 25% lower, about 20% lower and as much as 20% higher. We judged the results for these effects to be high. When we compared the results of different types of drugs, we found that people with high blood pressure were about 15% less likely to have high blood fat levels (about 10% less) and about 10% lower (around 10% fewer) than those with very high blood fats (about 20% less). This was the case whether or not they had low blood pressure or not, or if their blood pressure was very low or very high. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of any of these drugs on death from any cause because the data were too few events and side effects.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-blind, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years and older) with CIDP. We found 28 RCTs that randomised 6851 adults to remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation. We reran the search in March 2017. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update the review. We did not find any new studies. For the first part of this Cochrane Review, we looked at the risk of adverse events (side effects) in the first few days after surgery. We also looked at need for dialysis, length of stay in hospital, and death. We were able to combine data from 14 studies (1022 adults) and found no differences in serum creatinine, need for haemoglobin or need for blood transfusion, or all-cause mortality in the group of adults who had a low platelet count at the start of the study. It is not possible to tell from this review whether the risk factors for adverse events are increased because the evidence is of moderate to high certainty. We could not tell from the evidence whether there is a difference between the groups in terms of side effects. We do not know from the data whether there are any side effects in the control group or in the non-surgery group. We think the fact that there were no long-term adverse events may have been the reason why we did not look at the numbers of people who died, but we cannot be sure of this.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled trials (trials in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatments) of PSF in adults (aged 18 years or over) after stroke. We searched for trials up to 4 March 2014. We included 12 randomised trials (three from the 2008 search and nine from the 2014 search) with 703 people. Eight of these studies looked at the effects of drugs to treat PSF, of which six with a total of 349 people were able to be included in a meta-analysis. Five of these drugs were taken by mouth: fluoxetine, enerion, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two other non-medicine-based treatments: a fatigue education and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme. Four trials (248 people) did not look at the effect of drugs on tiredness but other symptoms after stroke, such as sleep apnoea (sleepiness, dizziness and dry mouth), insomnia and weight gain. None of these treatments showed any benefit on reducing tiredness. Side effects were not seen in any of the groups treated with PSF. No trial looked at how to manage tiredness after stroke (e.g. how long to rest) or how to stay awake after a stroke (how long to remain awake). The side effects in the control groups of these trials ranged from very low levels to high levels and ranged from mild to very high levels. The quality of evidence from these trials was very low to moderate. This was mainly due to the small numbers of people in the trials and to high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any intervention for preterm babies with high blood sugar levels. We found three randomised studies enrolling 74 preterm infants. All three studies were very small with a total of 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 (Hu 1999) included in the meta-analysis. Two trials (Malone 1991) and Hu 1999) showed that the use of either cation-exchange resin or albuterol (a non-steroid drug) in the first 24 hours after birth caused a reduction in the risk of death from all cause. In the study of Malone 1991, the incidence of intraventicular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was reduced. In this study, the number of preterm neonates with a grade 2 or more of high blood glucose levels was increased. In addition to this, there was a decrease in the occurrence of other complications, such as bleeding in the brain and in the urine, during the first few days of life. In one of the three trials, the proportion of neonates who leaked out of the first 48 hours of life was lower in the group of newborns treated with cation replacement resin compared to the group treated with saline inhalation. No serious side effects were noted with any of the interventions. In view of the limited data from these small trials, no firm conclusions can be made at this time.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2012. We searched for new trials in March 2015. We found 12 randomised trials. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected children. Five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available were not able to show a difference between the two treatments in terms of change in disability. In five of the trials, there were no differences in the other measures that are often used to assess a child’s ability to walk and walk. Three of the other three trials, with a total of 75 children, showed significantly more improvement in disability grade after four weeks with IIg than with supportive treatment alone. In one of these, there was no evidence of differences between the groups treated with PE and ICS. In the third of the four trials, which compared ICS with other types of treatment (transfusion and immunoglobulin) there was also no evidence that there was a difference in the change in the severity of the disease. There were no data from one large, well-conducted and well-reported trial that showed that ICS followed by ICS is more effective than supportive care. There was no information on the effects of ICS on death or morbidity in the first six months after the end of treatment. There is not yet enough evidence to draw conclusions about the long-term benefits or harms of either ICS or PE compared with each other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) to either a high-flow (with a high number of patients) or a routine (with low number of participants) amount of oxygen. We found 28 RCTs involving 9330 adults. In 21 of the trials (with 7597 adults) adults were assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen. In the other 21 studies (with 5885 adults) people were randomly allocated to a low or very low dose (with very low numbers of people) of placebo or no treatment. In trials with low risk of bias, a high or very high proportion of the people in the trials had a high amount of inspirations (i.e. the airway was open) and were able to breathe on their own. We did not find evidence that a high (high) or low (very low) percentage of the participants had an increased risk of death from any cause. A high or low fraction of inspiration was not associated with a decrease in the number of deaths due to any cause or in the length of time spent in the ICU. We also found no differences in the risk of adverse events or length of stay in hospital. In subgroup analyses of nine of the 21 included trials, people who received a high/very low amount of inspired airway oxygen were less likely to have a pre-surgery (preterm birth) or surgery (surgery) adverse events. This may have been due to the fact that aortic tube was not used as a ventilator in all but one of the included in this meta-analysing the results. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the quality of the evidence because of the lack of data from the included trials. Therefore, we judged the evidence to be of low to very low quality.
We searched for studies up to September 2016. We found 25 trials (3663 children) that met our inclusion criteria. We included randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials that assessed the effects of oral and non-randomised, or quasi-randomized, treatment of otitis C in preterm or low birth weight or girls' (aged up to 12 months) children. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of oral or non-involving, or both, on speech, speech and language development or quality of life. We reran the search in March 2017. We will deal with trials of interest when we next update the review. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. Six trials (484 children) looked at whether or not there were any side-effects from the use of a tube to keep a child on a ventilator (i.e. a tube that is passed down the nose to the anus) and found that there were more diarrhoea and skin rash in the group treated with oral antibiotics than in the control group. However, there was no evidence that there was a decrease in the rate of the need for a tube placed back up the nose or in the number of days that the child needed to be cared for in the tube. There was no difference between groups in terms of how long the tube was left in place or how long it was left undelivered. None of the trials looked at how much or how often the tube had to be re-inserted. Only one trial (849 children) measured hearing levels at two to four weeks and found conflicting results. None were any more or less likely to have a fever (low to moderate) than were those treated with non-antibiotics. There were no trials that looked into how much of the tube stayed in place (e.g. if it was still in place) or how many days the tubes were left in the mouth (high to very high) than those that looked only at the skin rash. There is low to very low quality evidence from five trials (with a total of 742 children) to suggest that there is some evidence that using a tube for a few days to six months may help to reduce the risk of a child's chance of having a full cure of their wetting, but there is no evidence from any of the studies that it is important to look at how often or for how long a child needs a tube.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of a LPD or LQOL that aimed to reduce the amount of protein in the blood of adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. We also searched for RCTs that looked at the risk of death or the need for dialysis. We found 12 studies. The results show that LPD does not seem to speed up the rate of decline of the disease but does not appear to increase the number of people who die from any cause. However, questions about the level of protein and how well people were able to maintain a low protein and LPD intake have not been answered as to whether or not the LPD was beneficial. No data were found on the effect of LPD on quality of life and costs.
We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 19 studies involving 3480 adults with ABI. Twelve studies were of good quality and seven were of lower or very low quality. The findings of the review suggest that most adults with mild brain injury make a good recovery when they are followed up for a long time, and those who are still in hospital after their injury. Those who are not following up for long-term follow-up do not seem to make any more progress. Those with more severe brain injury are more likely to make progress if they are treated for long periods of time, but the balance in terms of the amount of time they need to spend in hospital and their needs for care after the end of treatment. The review suggests that the best way to help people who have had an ABI is to follow them for at least a year after the injury, to see whether they are still alive and well. This is known to increase the chances that they will come back to work and be able to work in the future.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared rooming-in with other types of care. We identified one RCTs that were eligible for inclusion in this review involving 176 women. This RCT was conducted in Australia, New Zealand and the USA. The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of September 2018. We included four groups with four groups. Three of the groups were treated in the same way: one group received rooming (i.e. the room was roma) and the fourth group was treated in a different way (separate care). The length of time the babies were cared for in the room and the other group received care at a fixed time (seven times per day). We found no difference in the number of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the rooming group compared with the separate care group. The rate of exclusive breastfeed before discharge from hospital was increased with rooming compared with separate care, with the rate of breastfed at four weeks and at seven weeks. There was no difference found between the groups in terms of the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeed at six months of age. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found little evidence to recommend or refute the use of rooming in and out of full mother-infant rooming. More well-designed studies are needed to find out if rooming is safe and effective in the first few weeks after birth.
Eight randomised trials involving 660 people with ischaemic stroke were included in this review. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Data were limited in terms of stroke recurrence and quality of life. Few adverse events were reported. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sanchi might improve the amount of brain damage more than control with a significant difference. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that people with mild stroke were likely to have had mild stroke. One of the trials reported higher Barthel index scores in the schani group.
Fourteen eligible RCTs were found but only 7 trials could be included in the review. There is not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation with bone grafts or bone grafting in this area. The evidence from the RCT that was included in this review suggests that, when placed in the first few days after the perimplant is placed, the time to the placement of the implant is about the same, as is the time it takes for the implant to take place. However, there is a suggestion that, just after placing the implant, there may be a higher risk of implant failures and adverse events such as bleeding or death. There was no evidence that there was a difference in how long the implant was left in place and how long it took for it to heal.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2012. We searched for new evidence in March 2015. We found two new trials. The first, clioquinol 250 mg, was compared with placebo (fake medicine) in 36 people with mild Alzheimer’s disease. The other, a newer drug called PBT2, was assessed in 78 adults with mild (but not very mild) Alzheimer‘s dementia. Both of these drugs had no effect on cognition. One of the two drugs had a positive effect on changes in cognition. However, one of the other drugs (pBT2) was found to be beneficial in terms of cognitive function. The second drug, a former drug that is no longer used in the US and UK, has not been shown to be useful in this group of people. This means that we do not know if it is still used in people with Alzheimer”s or other forms of dementia. The evidence from this review is of very low to moderate quality. This is mainly due to the small numbers of people in the trials and to the fact that the results were imprecise. Therefore, we are not able to be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-randomised trials of PAH treatments in adults and children with high-risk, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD, or 6-month or more) for at least 12 months. We found 36 randomised trials with 2999 participants. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH, and 19 of the trials (with 282 participants) compared PDE5 inhibitors to placebo (pretend drug) or to other PAH drugs. Eighteen of the 36 trials (8 trials, 880 participants) were funded by industry. The number of deaths was lower in the PAH group than in the placebo group, and there was a 22% reduction in the mean number of people who died. There was an increased risk of adverse events such as headache, headaches and joint pain with PAH treatment, but there was no difference in the risk of having a stroke, heart or lung transplantation. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2016.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, or quasi-blinded trials of adults (aged 18 years and older) who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm, or elbow surgery. We found 22 randomised trials involving a total of 2193 adults. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016. We reran the search in March 2017. We will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update the review. We included one new trial in this update. In this update, we found no new trials. In the 22 trials included in the review, there was a decrease in the rate of failure of the anaesthetists to keep the anesthetist awake for surgery. There was a reduction in the number of people who needed to be re-insertion of the anesthesiologist’s mask, and the length of time it took for the anaesthetic to wear the mask. There were no differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, adverse events (including pain from the vein or from the muscles) and pain. Tourniquet pain was reduced with the use of one or two injections compared with two or more. The time spent in the immobile (involving only one or more movements of the arm or hand) was not increased with any of these methods. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes. This means that we are very confident in the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of inhaled corticosteroids in the first 12 months of life. We searched for studies up to 12 months in length. We found three studies that met our criteria. All three studies used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day, the most commonly used inhaled steroid in the world, to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies were 7-12 months long and lasted from 4 to 54 weeks. In all three studies, the growth of the child's bones and feet decreased. In the largest study, the average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year. This was the same in both boys and girls, and in both girls and boys. The mean increase in height decreased by about 1.5 cm. We were not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that had less systemic (systemic) effects.
This review found that APD has not been shown to have any advantages over CAPD in terms of outcomes such as death, need for removal of the peritoneal catheter or the need for a re-insertion of the catheters. APD may, however, have advantages in other subgroups of people such as younger adults and those in the less well-nourished or those who are less well. There is a need for further randomised trials to be done to find out if APD is better or worse than CAPD.
This meta-analysis of 37 randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, and long-term (more than 12 months) randomised trials of advanced NSCLC is based on the results of meta-randomized, quasi-blinded, and cross-over (CT/IF-RT) trials. The results of this meta-analyses suggest that, when all the data are pooled up from all trials, there is no evidence to support the superiority of CRT over RT or IF-RT in terms of OS, PFS, and SM. However, this may be due to the fact that there is a high risk of side effects with ST and is due mainly to ST.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with moderate to very severe pain after taking an opioid to one of the three types of painkillers. We found 26 RCTs that enrolled 4893 adults. Opioids were given by mouth, by transdermally (through a vein or by vein), or through a cut in the skin (through an artery or through an incision). All three kinds of drugs were found to reduce pain, but the amount of pain that patients felt the pain and how much of the painkillers they felt. Many of the people in the studies stopped using the drugs because of side-effects or because they felt that the pain was so bad that they had to stop using them. About 1 in 10 people dropped out of the trials for reasons other than pain, and about 1 in 20 stopped taking the drugs due to side-side-effects. Findments about how well the drugs worked and how well they worked were not clear. Findings about quality of life were not able to be drawn due to the lack of data from the studies. The studies did not look at how well people were able to function in the long-term (i.e. after six months or more) and how satisfied they were with the treatment. We did not find evidence that any one method was any better than any other in terms of how well participants felt, how much they felt, or how many of the drugs they took up to six months.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of oxandrolone in adults (aged 18 years and older) with spinal cord injury or open pressure ulcers. We found only one randomised trial with 212 adults who had been stabbed or had had a stroke. The participants were mainly male (98.2%), had a mean age of 58.4 years and were all male (100%), with an average age of 57.3 years. This study was supported by a grant from the US Food and Drug Industry. The evidence from this study is of very low-certainty due to imprecision (that is, the true effect may be quite different from what this review shows). Thus, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions as to the effects of ox androlone on the number of people who healed or did not heal. There was low-quality evidence on the risk of non-serious adverse events (such as pain from the ulcer) reported in the study. Thus, the results of this study may be due to chance.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that looked at the benefits and harms of the use of email to provide health care for adults (aged 18 years and over) with a diagnosis of cancer. We found six randomised trials involving 8372 people. Four of the trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. All trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. For the main health care outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between the groups for patient or caregiver understanding and support. There was also no difference in how well the patients and their carers were able to care for their own health and well-being. Results were inconclusive for how well patients and carers could care for themselves and for their healthcare behaviours and actions. There were no data on whether or not there were harms of using email to deliver health care to adults with cancer. Overall, we found weak, small-scale, short-term (no more than six months) and short-lived (fewer than one month) evidence for the effectiveness of email for the provision of healthcare care for people with cancer, and no data for the long-term benefits or harms of its use.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2013. We searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found 11 trials involving 855 adults with BPPV. Nine trials used post-Epley postural restrictions as their addition to the Epley manoeuvre. Three trials used mastoid oscillation as an add-on. Pooled data from these trials showed that around 88.7% (220 out of 248) of the patients in the control group converted from a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test, and about 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the group treated with mastoid vibration. There was no difference in the results for post-treat vertigo (difficult to tell whether or not the changes were due to the medicine or placebo). There was also no difference between the groups for the amount of time patients spent in the immobile or in bed, or for the length of time it took to get back to sleep. None of the trials looked at whether the postural restriction increased the risk of major side effects such as neck stiffness, vertigo or dizziness. Three of the studies did not look at these aspects of the treatment. The addition of postural limits does not seem to cause any harm, and does not pose a major harm.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any of these types of surgery. We found four RCTs with a total of231 adults randomised to either an endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) or a polypectomy (x-ray surgery) for endometrial biopsies. None of the studies were at low risk of bias. The evidence from the studies is of very low or low or very low quality. There were problems with the design and conduct of all of the trials. We were not able to tell whether or not there were differences between the treatments in terms of side-effects or quality of life. There was also no evidence that there were any differences between groups in the types of disease-specific symptom scores or in the health-related results. Side-effects were similar between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study that used antibiotics. In this study, the medical treatment arm had higher levels of the steroid used than the surgical arm. In the other study, there was no difference between the two groups. There is a need for well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale, high-quality studies to answer this question.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised trials (trials in which people are randomised to one or more treatment groups) of foods with or with other micronutrients (e.g. plant-based foods like wheat flour or maize flour) that were given with or alone to adults aged 18 years or over. We included eight RCTs with a total of 7709 adults. Most of the trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where there is a high risk of poor health. The trials lasted from one to nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 looked at how much of the foods were changed or changed when they were given or not. We found low- to very low-certainty evidence that people consuming foods with and with other foods increased their serum (blood) or plasma (blood test) levels and were less likely to be underweight or have low blood counts (stunting) compared to those who did not consume these foods. We did not find evidence that the addition of a placebo (pretend treatment) made a difference to how much or how few of these foods changed their blood levels. We also did not have evidence that adding a placebo made a change in how many of the people’s weight or how much they’d have to eat. We rated the quality of evidence for most of the outcomes as low or very low. This was due to problems with the way the studies were carried out and run.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-steroidal, or quasi-randomised, trials of men with metastatic breast cancer. We found 11 randomised trials involving 3060 men with breast cancer that addressed this question. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any studies that looked at the risk of death from any cause or the need to stop the treatment. We also did not identify any trials that looked into the risks of side effects such as hot flashes, gynaecomastia (breast cancer), and asthenia (asthenia). This is a new area of ongoing research. We will deal with the studies of those that have been identified in a later update of this Cochrane review when we next update the review. This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We updated the search in 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of screening for breast cancer in healthy adults. We found eight RCTs that included 600,000 women. We were able to pool data from three of the trials (involving 39 to 74 years of age) that showed that screening did not reduce the risk of breast cancer death from breast cancer. However, there were more mastectomies and lumpectomies in the screened groups as well as the use of radiotherapy. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women screened, one will avoid dying of a breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been detected if there had not been screened, will not be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 of those screened will suffer from a range of adverse events, such as anxiety, stress and depression.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared hCG priming to no priming in women with PCOS. We found four RCTs, with a total of 522 women. One of these studies did not report outcomes per women randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies looked at 10,000 units hCG compared to no parenteral priming. One study looked at 20,000 unit hCG with or without hCG. The other three RCT studies were small, with fewer than 50 women in each study. All four of the studies were of low or very low quality. None of the trials reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions (infection, thrombocytopaenia, perforations of the lining of the womb). We found no difference in the live birth rates between those who had hCG and those who did not, but we found that hCG may reduce the chances of a live birth rate. We also found no evidence of a difference between groups in the chance of a pregnancy. We were not able to tell whether or not hCG had an effect on the number of miscarriages or live births, or on any of the other outcomes that are known to occur in the womb, such as miscarriage, ectopic miscarriage or ectopic pregnancy (pregnancy). We were unable to tell if hCG led to more or fewer miscarriages. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The main limitations of the evidence were lack of blinding and imprecision (that is when women and their carers are aware of the type of intervention used).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised trials (trials in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the effects of both ERT and HRT. We found 24 RCTs, but only 16 (10,114) had useable data. Meta-analyses showed no effects of either ERT or HRT on preventing cognitive impairment after five and four years of treatment, and may even adversely affect this outcome (WMD = -0.45, 95% confidence interval (i.e. =0.99 to 0.09). Analyses assessing the effect of treatment over time found that bothERT-like activity in postmenopausal or other estrogen-deficiency or other placebo-defects did not maintain or improve cognitive function and may have even adversely affected this outcome. Negative side-effects were found for ERT after one year and for HRT after three and 4 years of therapy. There is good-to-good data from these 24 trials that there is no evidence that HRT is any more or less effective than ERT.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of inhaled ICS/LABA with LAMA in adults (aged 18 years and over) with people with COPD. We identified one ongoing RCT with 80 adults. We found two RCTs, which were published as full articles, with a total of 880 adults. Both studies were at high risk of bias. We are uncertain whether once-a-day inhaled inhaled combined ICS-LABA and LAMA is more or less beneficial than LAMA for the treatment of COPD due to very low- and low-certainty evidence. This means that we are very uncertain whether the results are true, and that it is likely that the true results could be quite different. We do not know from the RCT whether there are any deaths or side-effects between the treatments. We cannot tell from the TIO study whether there is any difference between the combined inhaled LAMA and ICS+LABA for the number of people who are free of flare-ups (exacerbations) or need to be re-exacerbation (worsened) of their COPD flare-up. None of the pneumonias in the LAMA group were fatal. There were no deaths in the ICS group, and there were no cases of non-fatal or non-infarctal pneumonia. There was no difference in the mean number of days that people were free of exacerbations, or the mean amount of time that people spent in the ICU or in hospital. However, there were more non-fluorourasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once a day than with FF/VI. We rated the quality of the evidence to be very low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to the very low quality of evidence and to imprecision of the results.
The findings of this review suggest that SRIs and CBT as well as a low relapse rate (4/22) in the short-term (no more than 12 weeks) and long-term follow-up (12 weeks) of patients with BDD. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future trials in other groups of people, such as teenagers and adults, and using other selective SRIs or CBT, are necessary in supplementing the sparse data available.
This review found that when cotrimoxazole is used as a prophylactic drug in HIV-infected adults and children, there is evidence that it is more effective than a rechallenge (withdrawal of the drug) for reducing the number of people who have to stop the drug for the first time (overall) and reducing the risk of adverse events (harms) in HIV patients. However, the evidence for this is less clear in adults, and there is not yet evidence for the use of a desensitization (removal of the virus from the blood) protocol.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted studies that assessed the effects of midazolam in preterm neonates. We identified no new randomised trials for this update. We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 preterm newborns. We found no new studies for this review. We judged these trials to be of moderate to high risk of bias due to variation in the methods used and results. We were not able to determine whether or not any of the sedation scales used by the trials were valid. The length of time the neonates spent in the neonate's incubator ranged from a few days to more than five days. One study (43 neonates) found lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores (measured at 28 days' postnatal age) with babies who had a lower PIPP score (from 24 to 28 days of age) after midazolin infusion than with placebo (placebo or dextrose) but not with morphine (a fake medicine). In one study (46 neonates), there was a higher rate of side effects (seizures, dizziness, nausea and vomiting) in the group of newborns who received midazolanam compared with the placebo group. In the other study, there was no evidence of differences in the number of babies who died or were left with low levels of their sedation levels. We considered these studies to have a moderate to low chance of bias. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of adults (aged 18 years and older) with non-infectious, non-pregnant, or chronic non-somnolence (nausea, colostomia, or febrile colic, that is, with or with fever) with or after the first week of treatment. We found 12 randomised trials involving 767 adults. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extirpileptic diarrhoea. Antibiotics did not seem to reduce the number of people who had a fever for two to four days after the start of treatment, or the length of the illness. There were more non-severe side effects (such as fever, headache, nausea, fever, and rash) in the group of adults who received antibiotics. There was no difference in the amount of Salmonella serovar (Salmonella cephalosporin) in people who did or did not have a fever. However, there was a higher rate of non-serious side effects in the people who were treated with the same type of antibiotic. There is no evidence of benefit for the use of antibiotics in the first few days after treatment.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-blind trials of adults (aged 18 years and older) with sepsis of any cause. We found 23 studies (n = 4192) that assessed the accuracy of IL-6 for the detection of SEpsis in adults. Twenty of these studies have not yet been published, and are not yet available to us. We assessed all of the studies to be at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were carried out. We were able to combine data from 21 studies (3650 adults) that we could include in this meta-analysis. Using a fixed number of cases (i.e. 50%), we found a 50% chance of having a septic shock of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, with a range of 12% to 78%. This means that if 1000 adults with a high chance of septic thrombocytopaenia (low white blood cell count) and a low white blood cells count, on the other hand, we would find that 330 out of 1000 people would be able to receive appropriate and rapid antibiotic treatment, and 170 would have been undiagnosed as not being ill. This would not have been the case for those who did not have a high white blood counts count. We also found a 66% chance that a person would have a blood test positive for their blood test, which means that in such a group of 1000 adults, with a low blood counts, they would not need a blood transfusion. We could not be sure whether this was due to the way the study was carried out or the way it was run, or whether it could have been due to other factors, such as age, sex, or the fact that the results were imprecise. This is why we judged the results to be of very low or very low certainty.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-experiments that looked at the risk of SSI in adults with wounds that had been washed and filled with non-steroid, or any type of dresser. We found 29 randomised trials with a total of 5718 people. There were 16 of these 16 randomised studies that compared wound dressings with no wound dressers, five of which were at high risk of bias (i.e. with a high chance of bias due to play of chance) and the rest were at low or very low risk (e.g. because of bias or imprecision) of the results. Four of the trials looked at wound dressens that were used to dress wounds and compared them with no dressings, and the other 25 looked at other types of dressers. We are not able to tell from this review whether or not SSI is a problem in people who have had a wound that has not healed completely. We do not know from this Cochrane review whether there is a chance of having an SSI when a wound is washed and dressed, or when dressers are not used. This is due to the very low to very low certainty of the evidence for most of the outcomes. This means that we are very unsure of the true results.
We searched for randomised trials that compared selenium or docosahexanoic acid or eicosapentaenoic acid to a fake medicine (placebo) in women at risk of postpartum depression. We found two randomised controlled trials. One of these, which included 179 women, was too small and short to provide data we could use. The other, which was large and had more participants, was not large or long-term. This study did not report on any of the other outcomes we thought were important. This trial did not find any difference in the number of women who achieved an EPDS in the eight weeks after giving birth. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of the women withdrawing from the study or not completing anEPDS. This included study had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.07). The other trial, which randomly assigned 126 women to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Three women in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and one woman in the placebo arm were lost to follow up. This was a large, short-term study with a high chance of bias that could not be ruled out. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of giving different amounts of anthracycline to children or adults with solid tumours. We found 11 RCTs, with a total of 8803 participants. We were able to combine data from five of these trials (total 557 adults) and we found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduced the risk of heart failure in adults with a solid tumour compared to a longer infusion duration (six hours or more). We were not able to tell whether this reduction was due to side effects. We did not find evidence that the increase in side effects was caused by the length of the infusions. None of the studies looked at whether there was a difference in the number of people who died, or whether any of the people in the trials had any side-effects. We are not sure about whether the decrease in the rate of side effects is due to chance. We do not know if the reduction in numbers of participants who died or were left undetectable after the infusion was because of bias in the way the RCT was carried out. We think that the fact that there were only a small amount of data for children and data for adults could not be extrapolated to children, we think that it seems to be because there were problems with the design of the trials that the data were too small for us to be able to draw any conclusions about whether or not there was any effect on death.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 37 eligible trials with 3110 randomised people with TBI. We re-assessed data from five of these studies, which were included in the last version of this Cochrane Review in 2009 and were added to the list of trials in the 2017 update. We also searched electronic databases and trial registries to see if there were any new trials for this update. Nine of the 37 studies were new for this review and five had been excluded from the search in 2009. We were able to assess the risk of bias in all but five of the trials, which was not high, and we were not able to determine whether or not there was bias in the methods used in the majority of the studies. We judged the quality of the evidence for each outcome to be very low to low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of psychosocial treatments for depression in adults. We found three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 adults, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of the types of treatments, participants, and measures used to measure outcomes. We were able to combine the non-combined findings from three studies, which showed that, compared with no treatment or a waiting list condition, family therapy is more likely to decrease the number of people with depression who suffer from depression, and to improve the quality of life of depressed adults. There was not enough evidence for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of any of the other forms of treatment. At this point, use of psychological treatments for the treatment of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be the choice. More high quality and well-conducted studies are needed.
The objective of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of Duxil for the routine use of this drug in the routine care of adults with dementia. We searched for randomised, well-conducted and well-reported randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with a mild or no dementia to receive either Duxol or placebo for at least 12 months. We found three RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies were assessed to have high risk of bias (i.e. there is a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and were of low or very low quality. Due to the low-quality of the trials, small number of trials and the possibility of publication bias, this review did not find sufficient evidence to support the use of DXD for the treatment of patients with the development of dementia. High-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of a drain after axillary lymphadenectomy to no drain in adults (aged 18 years and older) with either no drain or a sham (pretend) drain. We found seven RCTs (with a total of 960 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were generally of low or very low quality. There was a high risk of bias in all but one of the studies, which makes the results less likely to be valid. The results of four of the trials (600 adults) showed that when a drain was used, the risk of having a seroma in favour of the drain was 0.46 (95% CI 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03). A mean difference of 0.79 fewer post-post-surgery seroma was found in the drained group. The mean difference in length of stay in hospital was 1.47 days greater with a drain than with no drain. No difference in the incidence of lymphoedema (infection) was found between those who had a drain and those who did not, with a mean of 2.31 favouring no drain, with mean differences of -19.44, 95% CI -59.45 to 20.30). Withdrawals due to adverse events occurred at similar rates in both groups in three of the included trials. There were no deaths in the two groups in either group in any of the three trials. The evidence from the included in this review is of very low or moderate quality.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the risk of colorectal cancer in adults who took high-dose procyanidin or phytoestrogen. We found eight studies with 390,769 adults. Five of the studies were from the USA, two from the UK and one from the Netherlands. The mean age of the adults in all the trials ranged from 36 to 70 years. There was no evidence that taking more flavonoids (flavon-3-ols, Isoflavones, flavonols and Flavanones) made a difference to the number of coloresctal adenomas. Adenomas are tumours of the colon that have spread to the colon and can be caused by many sources, such as the body, blood, bone or blood stream. The authors of this Cochrane Review looked for studies that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of flavonoid or of a high dose of epicatechin (a medicine used to treat high blood counts) in the diet. There were no studies that examined this. The evidence from three of the eight studies was of high or very high quality, and from two of the trials was of moderate or low or very low quality. This means that the true results may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with HCV genotype 1 infected with human chorionic cholangiectasis to have either a long-term (48 weeks to 72 weeks) or a short-lived (12 weeks to 24 weeks) response (i.e. the length of time that the virus was in the blood). The evidence from this review shows that, compared to those who did not have the HCV, people with detectable HCV were more likely to have a sustained response after 48 weeks or 72 weeks. This was so whether or not they had the virus still in their blood at the end of treatment did not seem to have an effect on the number of people who were cured after 12 weeks or longer. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks, with 27/84 (32.1%) with 46/91 (50.5%) and with 85/350 (24.3%) compared with with 146/353 (41.4%). Adverse events were similar in both groups, with no differences between the groups treated with the two groups. The length of treatment and the amount of time it took for the virus to leave the blood did not appear to change. The results of this review show that, when all the trials are taken at the same time, there is a high chance that the disease will come back in the long term.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared EUS with any other type of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer. We found two RCTs that included 34 adults with a mean age of 60.5 years. Both studies were from the USA and both were at low risk of bias (low chance of bias) and were small (involving only 20 to 53 people). We found that EUS was not as good as CT or ECTs in the early stages of the cancer, when compared with no EUS. However, when we looked at the results after the end of the course (post-test) we found that about 13% of people with positive EUS would have potentially resectable cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) would have unresectable cancer if their tumour was left undelivered. This means that 13% (3% to 39%) of people would have to have a new tumour surgised to get one new pancreas. EUS did not seem to be as good in the long term (over 20 years) as CT and ECT. We were not able to tell whether EUS led to more deaths due to any cause. We are not sure if EUS is better or worse in terms of recurrences or deaths from the tumour. We do not know from the RCT whether or not EUS leads to more or less deaths from all types of cancer. The evidence from this review is up to date as of September 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-experiments (trials in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at treatments for blepharitis. We found 34 RCTs and 14 CCTs that included a total of2169 adults with blepharyngolaryngoscopes or mixed bleeds. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing long-term (six to 12 months) chronic blephareitis caused by Staphylococcal or MGD. Topical antibiotics were shown to be able to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin. Lid hygiene may also be helpful. The effects of other types of treatments, such as the use of antihistamines and anti-biotics, were not clear. There was no strong data to show whether or not any of these treatments were more or less effective than each other in curing the long-lasting, persistent, or recurrences of blepharenitis.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the benefits and harms of photodynamic treatment in children with RRP. We found one randomised trial (23 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. This study was at high risk of bias (so much could have been wrong). This study did not report any of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in the amount of disease, assessed endoscopically (i.e. how much of the disease is left in the body after surgery). There was no difference between the groups (very low- or very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling and the need for an intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is not enough evidence from high- or low-certainty randomised trials to determine whether photodynamic treatments change the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent lung cancer caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV), most commonly types 6 and 11). Multicentre or long-term follow-up are needed in this area. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be assessed in future trials.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double blind, double-blind, and quasi-blinded studies that compared CDUS or CE-CDUS with each other in adults (aged 18 years and older) with non-somnolence or sham (placebo) tests. We found 42 randomised studies with 4220 adults. These studies were generally of moderate to low risk of bias. Only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clear; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference method was not clearly described. Based on the pooled results from these studies, we found that, compared with CDUS, the results showed that, on the whole, we would have to be able to tell whether or not the test was accurate. We would also have to know if the test worked, and if it did not work, how much or how well it worked. On the other hand, when we looked at the results from studies that were published after 2006 or later, we could tell whether the tests were better than those that were done in the past 10 years. We could also tell whether people were more or less likely to die from any cause. We were able to draw conclusions about side effects of the tests based on the numbers of deaths, side-effects of the test, and the number of people who dropped out of the trial. The studies were of good to very good quality.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted studies that looked at the benefits and harms of sterile water and saline for low back pain in labour. We found seven randomised studies, with a total of 766 participants, that addressed this question. The studies were of good quality, but four were at high risk of bias due to small size of the treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. Pooling data from four studies showed greater reduction in pain for sterile water. There was no difference in the need for caesarean section, but more had this outcome with sterile water than with placebo (20% to 25%). There were no adverse events in either group in any of the groups, other than short-term pain (such as mild nausea and vomiting). More women in the saline group needed analgesia (painkillers) than in the sterile water group (2% to 30%), and more had to be treated with saline (5% to 60%). None of the studies looked at women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, rates of lactation, or costs. We did not find any information on other aspects of care, such as length of labour, postpartum haemorrhage, or length of stay in the labour ward.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, non-involving trials that compared the use of synthetic glue with suture in people having a stoma. We found 12 randomised trials with a total of 1932 adults that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Ten of the trials (including 1418 adults) used a type of mesh that is held in place with a sutured suturing suture. The remaining 10 trials used a non-sutured mesh that was used to hold the stoma in place. We reran the search in May 2017. We will deal with the six trials of interest when we next update this review. Overall, we found low- to very low-certainty evidence that synthetic glue reduced the length of time that people had to spend in the immobile (wound) and reduced the risk of having a new stoma compared with the suture. However, the results changed when we looked at the types of mesh used. This was because half of the studies had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance that the results would have been the same whether or not the mesh was used or not) and there were problems with the way they were done. We also looked at side-effects (infection and death). We found no differences between the groups for any of the outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions.
We searched for studies that had been carried out in the last search in January 2013. We found 32 randomised or quasi-randomised studies that looked at the effects of the 'package' of methods used to improve the use of words and words in biomedical journals. We also searched for trials that had looked at how well the methods worked and how well they were reported. The review found that a 'package of methods' used in the first few days after the publication of a new book may improve the quality of abstracts and references. There may also be improvements in terms of how well journals can be described and used. However there may have been problems with the design of many of the studies which made it hard to tell whether or not the studies were at risk of bias.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, cross-over, or quasi-randomised studies of adults and children with cancer who received either codeine or a placebo (pretend medicine) for at least 12 weeks. We found 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Twelve studies used codeine as a single dose and three combined it with paracetamol (a medicine used to treat epilepsy). Ten of the studies used a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 other drugs that are used for cancer pain. Only one of the trials used a washout period (i.e. the length of time that the drug was left in the blood) after the end of treatment. Most studies looked at the effect of a dose of codeine, while five used treatment times of one, one, seven or 21 days. Most of the people in the trials had cancer, with or without cancer, for more than 10 years. The evidence from the studies was of good to very good quality. There were not enough data for us to be able to draw any conclusions about side-effects. We did not find evidence that any one medicine was better than any other medicine in relieving pain in adults with cancer. There was not enough good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term data to be sure that any medicine worked as a pain medicine in this group of adults.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (trials in which people with sickle cell anemia or HbSβthal are randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) up to April 2015. We found 12 randomised trials involving 563 adults with HbSS, HbSC or HBSA, aged six to 35 years old, who were followed up for at least 12 months. The trials ranged from one hour to eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The overall risk of bias of the trials was low to moderate. There was evidence from four trials (160 adults) that education programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed from the meta-analysis. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement, which was sustained for longer follow-up times. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. There were no studies that looked at patient or caregiver knowledge, or the use of health care services. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the educational programs on other aspects of health, such as satisfaction or costs. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low for all of the outcomes.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found six randomised, double-blind, double blind, and long-term randomised trials of brivaracetam added to anti-seizure drugs in people with epilepsy. We included six trials with 2411 people. All six of the trials included adults, aged 16 to 80 years old, who were at high risk of having a seizure. Only one of the studies included adults with both focal and generalised episodes of seizures. The other five of the six included people with focal onset seizures only. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias and four to have an unclear risk for bias. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes that were described in the study plan. One of the included trials did not describe how blinding was maintained, and the other four had differences in their reporting of outcomes that could have led to imprecision (for example, one study did not use blinding, and two did not mention how they decided whether or not to take the drug, and in one study, there were problems with the way participants and their carers were put into the treatment groups, which could have affected the results. We were able to assess the risk of side effects in all six trials, and we found that when bribracetam was added to antiepileptic drugs for people with drug-resistant epilepsy, the chance of having one or more adverse events (such as dizziness, somnolence, dry mouth, nausea, and dizziness) was similar to when the drug was used on its own. The risk of withdrawal from treatment, as well as the chance achieving seizure freedom (the number of seizures that are free of seizures), was the same for those who were treated as add-on to a medicine and those receiving a medicine alone. The overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to issues with the design and conduct of the study.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 38 randomised, double-blind, well-conducted studies that looked at the benefits and harms of vaccination. We included 38 studies from all over the world, but most of them were from high-income countries. Many of the evidence was on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) and MMR (rubella) vaccines. Some of the studies were about the MMR, and some were about rubella. All of the people in the study were adults. Most of the trials were carried out in high- and middle-income country settings. We have high or very high confidence in the findings where we had low or very low confidence in them. This means that we can be fairly sure of the results, but it is not possible to know for sure. We could not tell whether parents wanted more or less than they were getting, and we were not able to tell whether they had more or fewer concerns about the side effects of the vaccines. We wanted more and fewer visits to health care workers to give us information about their care. We were able to find some high-certainty, moderate- to high-quality, high-to-moderate-quality evidence that the MMR and rubella vaccines were safe and well-reported. However, we were unable to tell from this evidence whether or not the MMR or rubella were more likely to cause harm. We had very low to very low certainty, meaning that we could not be sure about the results. None of the included studies were large enough to tell us which was the real world, so it is unlikely that any of the findings would change when we next looked at them.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any type of anorexia treatment for eating disorders in adults and adolescents. We found 10 RCTs from the search, with a total of 599 participants. We reran the search in February 2015 and found one new RCT, so there are now three trials. We have not yet found any new trials. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we have added three new studies to a list of ‘Studies in progress’. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effects of any one treatment over the long term from the evidence from this review. The evidence from the included RCT was of very low- or low-quality. This was mainly due to the risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the way the trials were carried out and reported) and the fact that many of the trials had a high dropout rates. There was a suggestion in one RCT that focal psychotherapy might be better than TAU, but this is in the context of TAU. There were no differences in the numbers of people who dropped out of the trial. None of the studies found any side effects. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone seemed to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Larger trials of longer follow-up are needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomized adults (aged 18 years and over) with either a PVR or SMT to receive one or the other treatment. We found two RCTs, one from the USA and the other from the UK. The first trial randomized 151 adults to be treated with silicone oil, the other with perfluropropane (C3F8) gas tamponades. The third RCT was a multicentre, international trial and randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) or placebo. There were no differences in the proportion of adults who achieved at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieved macular adhesions at a minimum of one year. For macular attachment, there were no clear differences in terms of achieving at least 4/200 or achieving macular acuity between the treatment groups. There was no information on the costs of the treatments. The evidence from this review does not support the use of these drugs to treat PVR in adults.
We searched for evidence from randomised, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the risk of preterm births. We found five RCTs that were at low risk of bias. We included five studies (involving 1819 newborns) in this review. There was a lower risk of death or the need for a caesarean section in the group of women randomised to have planned birth (two studies, 1459 women) and in the subgroup that did not receive preterm birth (three studies, 1628 women). There were no clear differences between groups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. There were also no clear changes between groups in terms of adverse events for the mothers or their carers. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects on the outcomes on the death of the baby or on the length of time the baby spent in the neonatal neonatal care unit (NICU). There was no clear difference in outcomes for the mother or the baby. We observed a high level of heterogeneity between the two groups in this meta-analysis, so we did not pool data in this analysis. We did not find any difference between groups for any of the other outcomes that we had hoped to look at (fetal or neonatal deaths, perinatal ill-health, neonatal morbidity, or length of stay in the NICU).
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared the prophylactic use of clotting factors to prevent joint bleeds in children with hemophilia A or B with the use of non-clotting factors (placebo). We found six randomised trials, with a total of 142 participants. Two of the trials compared three-times-a-week giving the clotting factor three times a week with on-demand treatment (treatment given on demand) for three to seven years of follow-up. Pooled results from these trials showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.12 to 0.76) for all bleeds and 0.22 (-0.22 with 95% confidence range 0.08 to0.63) for joint bleeding in favour of giving clotting treatments. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to eight years of treatment were not pooled due to differences in the designs of the studies. Three of the remaining four trials assessed hemophili A, B or C and showed a lower joint bleed rate (10.73 vs 16.55 per year) in the three trials that looked at this type of treatment. The fourth trial looked at hemophile B and showed fewer bleeds per year in the two groups treated with this treatment, but failed to demonstrate an advantage of one clotting method over the other. There was no difference in the rate of bleeding between the groups in terms of number of bleeds. Non-specific side-effects were seen in both in both groups, but this was more often in the group treated with clotting inhibitors. We conclude that there is strong evidence from randomised studies and trials to show that clotting-reducing drugs can preserve the joint function in the long-term.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We searched for new trials in March 2015. We found one new study in this update. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 people with BL were eligible for this review. We were able to combine data from 10 of these trials (732 people) however, data in usable form were available in only 10 of the trials. In two out of three of these studies, the number of participants who were alive after three years was more than 20% of those who had not been treated. In five of the studies, people in the group treated with less aggressive treatment schedules were more likely to have fewer side-effects than those in the more aggressive treatment groups. However, this was not found in all but one of the 13 trials. We could not pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences in the types of treatments assessed in the studies. This review is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to bias due to flaws in the way they were done.
This review aimed to find out whether giving anti-D drugs to RhD negative women at the time of the RhD alloimmunized phase of the baby's birth is effective. This review found insufficient information on this topic. The number of studies in this area is low and the number of participants in those studies was low. The review found that the mean IgG concentrations after IV and IM were the same for both routes of giving the drugs. The choice of IM or IV will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
Eight randomised trials with 21,379 participants were included in the review. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All the trials were at low risk of bias (low chance of bias due to play of chance) and the mean number of deaths from any cause (stroke or myocardial infarction) was low to very low in all trials except for one randomised, large-scale, double-blind, long-term study of ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo or clopidogrel with aspirin or dipyridamole, which had very low-certainty evidence of no effect on all-cause deaths and death due to vascular and non-fatal stroke. There was no evidence that any of the other antiplatelet drugs (aspirin, aspirin or darbepoetin) reduced the risk of stroke or death from all cause or any cause in the short-term (i.e. up to 12 months) compared to placebo or no treatment in the longer-term. There were no data on side-effects or deaths due to any cause such as diarrhoea, high blood pressure or high blood sugar levels in the blood (ADP) levels or on the need for blood transfusion (hypoglycaemia) in the first six months after the end of the trial. There is no evidence from randomised controlled trials to suggest that any one drug is better than any other in terms of blood thinners or antidiarrhoeal thrombopoietin.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years and over) with cystic fibrosis who were ventilator-free for at night for at least 48 hours. We found 10 RCTs with a total of 191 adults. We were not able to blind the assessors to the type of treatment used. In most of the trials we judged there was an unclear risk of bias with regards to blinding (i.e. participants and assessors were not aware of whether they were in the treatment group or not). The six-week trial was the only one judged to have a low risk for all other domains. The other trials were judged to be of unclear or high risk for bias. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Six trials (151 adults) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or a positive expiratory pressure. Three studies (27 adults) assessed noninvasive ventilatory support for overnight ventilation compared to oxygen or room air using nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or full face masks (one trial). We were unable to find any evidence that ventilators increased sputum expectation, but it did improve some lung functions and some lung tests. Three of the studies reported on one of the reviews' main outcomes (quality of life). Results for the reviews showed that airway closure may be easier with non- in the short-term (for up to 24 hours) and in the longer term (for about three months). We found no evidence that non-wanted or that supported with nasal masks helped to clear the airway in the long-term. Results for other outcomes such as quality of life and sleep-disordered breathing were either not well reported or were imprecise. We did not find evidence that any of the included studies were of high or very low or that there was a high or moderate risk that they were of bias. Most trials had a low or unclear risk that their methods were of good or moderate quality.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised trials of nocturnal-NIPPV in people with stable COPD. We identified three new studies, bringing the number of included studies to 245. This is an update of a review first published in 2002. We reran the search in 2015. We will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update the review. We found that there is a lack of high-quality, well-conducted and well-reported research on the effects of NIPPV on lung function and health-related quality of life in patients with stable and stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) for at least three months. We did not find evidence from any of the studies that showed that the use of non-opioid nitric oxide improves lung function or health-based outcomes in this group of people. We could not be sure whether or not there is an effect on the amount of gas that passes from the lungs to the body. We were not able to tell from the evidence from the studies we looked at whether there was a difference in how much gas passed from the blood to the lungs, how long it took for a person to walk six minutes, how far he or she could walk, how much time it took to walk and how long they had to walk, or how well they were able to sleep. We also could not tell if there were any differences between groups in terms of how far they could walk in six minutes or how good their sleep. There is a need for good quality, large-scale studies that involve a large numbers of participants to find out if noctaneous-nIPPV is helpful in the treatment of COPD, so we can be sure that it does not cause harm.
We searched for evidence from randomised, double-blind, non-involving, controlled, or quasi-randomised controlled trials (where women and staff were not aware of whether they were in the treatment group or not) that looked at the effects of induction of labour for the growth of macrosomia. We found four randomised trials, involving 1190 women, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Induction of labour did not seem to reduce the risk of caesarean section or the need for the placenta to be delivered by forceps or forceps. There was no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one of the trials) and there was no strong evidence of any difference in outcomes for the neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute Apgar and low arterial blood pH between the groups (low- and high- or very low- or moderate- or both). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was not enough evidence to say whether or not there was a difference. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree tears were more common in the induced group. For outcomes assessed using GRADE, we based our downgrading decisions on high-risk of bias from lack of blindness and imprecision of the results. Indction of labour was not shown to change the number of perineal tears, but it may reduce the numbers of babies with high birthweight, and it is not known whether there is a difference between groups in terms of preterm birthweight. Inductions of labour may not change women’s weight gain, but may increase the chances that their babies will be born too large for them to have a full-term birth. The evidence from these studies is of moderate to high-quality.
We searched for randomised studies in adults (aged 18 years and over) with rheumatoid (wound) or non-wound (endometriosis) of any cause. We found 159 randomised trials. Ninety-four trials reported no deaths, and nine of the trials reported deaths but did not report in which group the deaths occurred. Forty-five trials (80%) had low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance). Forty-eight trials (94,491 healthy) included 94,491 participants. The mean number of participants in each trial ranged from 77% to 77%. The mean age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most of the women (77%) were older than 70 years, and the mean percentage of healthy people in the trials ranged from 19% to 70% women. Most trials (19%) had high levels of vitamin D (at or above 20 ng/mL) in their blood (this is known as the 'best-best case' and 'worst case' outcome). The number of people who dropped out of the trial more than 8% were more than eight% more than in the group that did not take part in the trial. When different forms of Vitamin D were assessed in the same way, we found that, on the whole, there was a 4.4-fold decrease in the risk of death or of having a 'wound' in all trials (5.920/47,472 (12.5%) compared with 6.077 (13.814) or 12.7% (11.0%) of those who did not have the disease. There was a 3.0-fold reduction in the number of deaths or of people with the same type of disease who had vitamin D in the blood (4.0/38,817 (6.0%)) and a 2.5-fold increase in the chance of a 'bad case' (worsening of the disease) compared with those with a 'good case'. This means that for about 1 in 10 people, even if the cause of death is not known, there is a 1.2-fold chance that the cause causes them to die or have a 'disease of the blood' in the first year of life. This is about the same as if the disease was not caused by the cause. There were no deaths in either group in the other two groups. We also found no data for the other groups of people studied, for example, children or adults with non-pregnant or postmenopausal women. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This was due to imprecision (variation in the way the trials were designed and run) and imprecise results.
We found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve small weight loss in the short term (12 to 26 weeks), and can achieve large weight loss (5.1 kg to 7.0 kg) in the long term (24 to 52 weeks). The size of weight loss is modest, and the long-term health effects of these drugs are not known. There is a lack of data on other drugs that are used for weight loss. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were found that showed some weight loss with other drugs. These drugs were mazindol, phenmetrazine, ephedra, sertraline, and bromocriptine.
This review aimed to find out if any of these drugs was better than each other in terms of the time to the first episode of seizures and the time until the first seizure. We searched for evidence from randomised, well-conducted, large-scale randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of VGB and CBZ in people with epilepsy. We found five RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor. We were not able to combine the data from the studies, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from the start of treatment. However, there were fewer cases of skin rash and drowsiness in the VGB group and no cases in the CBZ group. There were no cases of cataract or oedema (wetting) in the group treated with VGB, and there were no cataracts or worms in the CIDP group. We concluded that, compared with CBZ, VGB is not a first-line choice for the treatment of epilepsy, and should not be used as a first choice for any other type of epilepsy.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and older) with any type of myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma who received G-CSF plus plerixafor or placebo. We found four RCTs (600 adults) that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. Two of these trials were closed early due to low recruitment and did not report results. The other two trials, which included 600 adults, were large and were of high risk of bias. In both of these studies, the experimental group was treated with G-CCSF and a placebo (pretend treatment) for up to 12 months. We did not pool the data from the trials as there was high heterogeneity in terms of the number of transplants. In the study with high-risk of bias, we did not combine the results from the studies as there were too few studies to draw conclusions about the success of transplantation. However, in the trial with low-risk bias, there were more deaths and adverse events in the group of adults who were treated with Plerix afor compared to the group treated with a placebo. In this trial, there was no evidence for differences in number of deaths or adverse events between the treatment group and the control group. There was high-certainty data from two of the trials for the outcome of successful stem cell collection. The meta-analysis showed no difference between the groups for this outcome. The evidence from this meta-analyse was of high-quality. This means that we are very confident in the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of the treatments in women with SUI. We found 23 RCTs involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality of the evidence was hard to judge. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Cones were found to be better than no active treatment for relieving SUI, and may be of similar to PFMT and electrostimulation. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at costs. This conclusion must be treated with some caution until more, high-quality, large-scale, long-term trials are done.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that assessed the effects of different types of anticoagulants in patients with AF receiving OAT. We found 11 randomised trials with a total of 2246 AF patients that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We found some very low- to moderate-certainty evidence that self-monitoring plus the use of a decision aid (such as a leaflet or leaflet) may have a small but positive effect on anxiety and depression in AF patients compared with usual care. However, we found no evidence that any of the other types of decision aids had any positive effects on TTR or other long-term outcomes in this group of patients. This review demonstrated that there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of any of these types of interventions. Thus, more research is warranted.
Seventy randomised trials (11,487 women) have been included in this review. In this update, there have been seven new RCTs (7788 women) added. Overall, vaginal prostaglandin E2, gels and pessaries seem to be as effective as each other, the caesarean section rate was about 10% lower in the PGE2 group compared with the no treatment group. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the fetal heart rate (fetal or placenta) was about four times the risk in the no-treatment group (4.8% with 1.0%) and about one-seventh in the pessary group (13.5% with 14.8%). The overall effect on improving the health of the mothers and their babies is not known. Prostaglandins and gels seem to increase the chance of giving birth in 24 hours, they increase uterine blood loss but do not seem to have any important effects on the pregnancy and birth rates. They are no more or less likely to cause rupture of the cervix (cervical dystocia) than tablets or gels. They do not appear to cause any harm to the mothers or their babies.
The review of trials found that cot-nursing with a heated water-filled mattress has the same effects on body and weight gain as incubator care but does not seem to reduce the need for breast milk or decrease the risk of death in the first few days after birth. This is especially true in countries where these infants are less likely to have been breast fed.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of an open or closed surgery for the removal of teeth. We found three RCTs, involving 146 adults, that were of reasonable to high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two types of surgery appeared to be similar in terms of results. One of the operations was due to removal of the gold chain (closed group) and the other had to be closed (closed). One study found one post-surgery infection in the closed group and found two in the open group. Both types of operation resulted in a post-operative infection that was treated with antibiotics and pain. We were not able to pool results for any of the outcomes in this review. This suggests the need for more high-scale, well-conducted and large-scale trials to be done.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted trials of prostaglandins in the postpartum, caesarean or neonatal days after the birth. We identified three randomised trials involving 244 women. The studies were of very low or very low risk of bias and were at high risk of random errors (ie, there is a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouring one drug over the other) and were too small to be able to detect differences in side-effects. We did not find any data for maternal deaths or the need to add other drugs to the uterotonic treatment. We found limited, very low-quality evidence relating to the effectiveness and the side-side-effect rates in women who had a placental placenta, with the exception of shivering.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found six studies involving 355 infants. We included no new studies in this update. We reran the search in April 2018. We will deal with the one study of use of CPAP in the future when we next update the review. We did not find any new studies. For this update, we found no new randomised trials. For the update of this review, we searched for randomised, double blind, non-randomised, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomized, controlled trials of preterm or low birth weight, that used CPAP for at least 28 days. We also wrote to the researchers to find other randomised or quasi-experiments. We identified three new trials. We have not found any new trials for this updated update. The review found that use of a face mask, a nasal CPAP and an endotracheal CPAP reduced the number of babies who died or were left ventilator-free at 28 days compared with babies who did not use a CPAP. Babies who used a face masks were at increased risk of pneumothorax (collapsed lung). Babies born with birth weight above 1500 g were at least 20% less likely to die or have a lower birth weight than those born with a birth weight greater than 1500 g. Babying with a CNP was at lower risk of death or the need for the use of an assistive device (e.g. a mask or mask) and there was no difference in the risk of having a low blood counts (pulmonary dysplasia). Use of CDP was associated with a greater risk of pneumonia. Use of a CDP is associated with more frequently and more often than with a mask and mask. The CNP does not appear to cause any harm.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of foam, alginate, hydrocolloid and other types of dressings in the treatment of foot ulcers in adults with diabetes. We found six randomised trials with a total of 157 participants that met our inclusion criteria. All six studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. There is no evidence from any of the trials to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcer wounds in people with the commonest type of diabetes however all the trials in this field are very small and there is a need for further research.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of surgery and endoscopy for people with obstructive and dilation of the pancreatic duct. We found three RCTs that included a total of 111 adults. Two of these studies, which included 56 and 32 adults, showed that surgery was better in terms of pain relief and preservation of exocrine (i.e. the lining of the pancreas) and quality of life for the endoscope group, but not for the control group (the group that did not have an endoscope). However, the numbers of participants in the two groups were not large, and it was not possible to tell whether or not there were differences in the risk of death. One of the trials, which looked at whether there were any side-effects, found that surgery resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain reduction and a lower percentage of those who were left with the disease after three years. The trial did not show that there was a difference in the number of people who died or had a long-term follow-up between the groups, but this may have been due to bias in the way the trial was run. The other trial, which was small, had problems with the way it was run and run, and the fact that it did not report on all outcomes, meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2014.
This review aimed to find out whether early (when the wounds are washed and filled with soap and/or soap) or delayed (when washed and dressed) skin excisional surgery is a safe and effective way to reduce the risk of skin infections. We searched for randomised trials (where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the benefits or harms of early or delayed post-surgery skin removal and removal. We found only one randomised trial that was at high risk of bias (that is, there is a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions, favouring one treatment over the other). This trial included 857 adults who were having minor skin excion surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. There were no differences between the groups in the proportion of people who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients in the early and delayed groups). There were 8.5% of the early group and 8.8% in the delayed group. There was no evidence that either group had a higher or a lower risk of having an SSI (swelling). There is not enough evidence from randomised studies to say whether or not there are any harms from the use of pre-sutured skin excisions. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with active Crohn’s disease to receive either oral prednisone or no treatment. We found one RCT that was of high risk of bias (i.e. high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and low- or very low-certainty (very low-evidence). The evidence from this RCT is up-to-date as of March 2018. This review found no RCT trials that assessed the effects of oral or injectable corticosteroids. One non-blinded RCT (35 adults) was included in the review. This RCT did not report any of the outcomes we thought were important. The results of the RCT showed that, compared with no treatment, people with Crohn's disease did not show any difference in their disability, or their change in grip strength, after one year. There was little or no change in the number of people who achieved remission (moderate- or low-quality evidence). Eight of 16 people in the prednisolone group and seven of 24 participants in the dexamethasone group were left with the disease worse than in the no treatment group. Side-effects were the same with each treatment, except that sleeplessness was less common with the high-dose versus low-dose regimens, as was moon facies (high- or moderate-risk of side-effects). We are very uncertain about the effect of giving corticostomies to adults with mild to moderate to very mild chronic leukaemia. The quality of evidence from the only RCT included in this review is very low to moderate. This was due to the small size of the trial and the fact that the results were imprecise.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found six randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with COPD who were seen face-to-face for check-up. We included six RCTs with a total of 2100 adults. Four of the studies were from the USA, one from the UK, and one from Australia. We pooled four studies (1213 adults) and presented the results of a study with 1213 adults. We could not say whether more of the adults who had a direct contact with a nurse at home had an asthma flare-up (flare-up) than those who had face-up at home, but we assessed it as a question that was not asked in any of the other trials. We also could not tell whether more adults who received a direct, non-exacerbation, or both needed oral corticosteroids compared to those who did not. We were not able to tell whether this was related to the fact that most of the people in the control groups had their inhalers for more than three months. Exacerbations (including those that needed to be admitted to hospital) or an unscheduled healthcare visit all happened too often to know whether remote check-ups are a safe, safe, or effective way to reduce the risk of an attack. We rated the evidence from the studies using four levels: very low, low, or moderate, or high. Very low- or high-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High- or very high- or moderate- or low-certainty data mean that we have very low or very low certainty in the findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of exercise therapy for people with JIA. We found three RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All the studies had at least seven of 10 measures that are commonly used in the treatment of JIA and were randomised to exercise or no treatment. The results suggest that, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there was no evidence that exercise therapy can improve the short-term (i.e. the length of time that a participant was able to do the job) or long-term quality of life (QoL) in the short to mid-term. However, there was some low- to very low-certainty evidence that there was a small improvement in QoL and in the longer-term in people who exercised. No evidence was found for any of the other outcomes that are important for patients and their carers. No studies looked at whether or not there were any side-effects. The evidence from this review is of very low to moderate quality. This is mainly due to the low number of studies that have been done and the fact that most of them were of low or very low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-inpatients, well-conducted, controlled trials (experiments in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of adults (aged 18 years or over) admitted to an inpatients or ICU with moderate to severe flare-ups (i.e. with or outpatients) of cystic fibroids. We found 19 randomised trials with 2663 participants. Eleven of the trials (with a total of 2663 people) were with outpatient (11 with a mild to moderate flare-up) and the other trials (seven with a large number of people) included in this meta-analysis included in the meta-analysing of trials) had a low to very low risk of bias. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 19 to 70 years. The evidence from the low to high risk trials suggests that, for people admitted to the ICU, there was a large reduction in the rate of treatment failure from 295 to 212 per 1000 people (low- to moderate-certainty evidence). For people with mild to very mild exacerbations, there were no differences in re-exacerbations or deaths between the two and six weeks after the start of treatment. There was no difference in the length of time spent in hospital between the groups treated with and the control group. Only one trial (with 35 people) looked at health-related quality of life but did not show a difference between the treatment and the no-treatment group. The only trial with 93 patients showed a large and large reductions in the number of patients who were treated with or not with antibiotics. However, the quality of evidence was low to moderate. This means that the true effects of antibiotics may be quite different from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of whole grain diets for adults with CVD. We found nine RCTs involving 1414 adults (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59) that assessed the effects of a variety of risk factors for CVD, such as blood lipids and blood pressure, on CVD risk factors such as total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, and stroke. We did not find any studies that assessed CVD events such as heart attack, stroke, or death from any cause. We also found no evidence of an effect of full grain diets on the number of deaths due to CVD or on the risk factors that cause CVD (total or major CVD). We assessed the quality of the evidence for all risk factors as low or very low due to small sample sizes and relatively short-term (no more than 16 weeks) studies. There is not enough evidence from trials to know whether or not whole grain diet has an impact on the incidence of CVD in adults.
This review aimed to assess the short-term and long-term benefits of the use of an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast in adults aged 18 years or over with orthopaedic surgery. Thirty-eight studies with a total of 1896 adults were included in the review. Only one study was judged at low risk of bias. Eight studies were judged at high risk of selection bias because of lack of allocation concealment and over half the of the trials were at risk of selective reporting bias (i.e. bias due to play of chance). There was limited evidence from two studies (106 adults in total) of short- and medium-term benefit, in terms of the number of people who were able to use their arms and legs. There was no evidence from one study (12 adults) of improvement in activity or other outcomes. One trial (12 people) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not show any short- or long-lasting benefits. There is not yet any evidence from any study that suggests that any one type of air stirrup is better than the other.
We searched for randomised or non-randomised trials that assessed the effects of any intervention that aimed to improve children’s adherence to ART. We found four randomised studies that met our criteria. Two were from the USA, one from the UK and one from Australia. All four studies were conducted in low-income countries. A home-based nursing programme showed a benefit from a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimens. However, this did not seem to have an effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had no missed doses, but the percentage of adults who achieved no missed dose was higher in the control group (85% vs. 92%), although this difference was not significant. A third non-clinical trial of peer support group therapy for teenagers showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the proportion of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. The fourth non-conducted trial found that the rate of children achieving >80% adherence was no more or less likely to achieve this result if they were treated with an LOPV/R or a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI) regimen compared to those on a LEP/r or NRTI-containing regimens, but showed greater reduction in the number of infections. A fourth RCT found that a peer-support programme led to a higher rate of venous thromboembolism (low white blood cell count) in the LBP/r group than in the NNRTi-containing group. The proportion of adults achieving virological suppression was lower in the group on the LPP/r compared to the NTP/r treatment, but there was no evidence that this was due to other factors such as age or sex. None of the included studies reported any serious side-effects. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2014.
This review of trials found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective in relieving pain after third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. There were too few data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of other drugs. There was no difference in the occurrence of any adverse events or withdrawals from the trials.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We searched for new trials in March 2015. We found six new trials for this update. Four trials were small (fewer than 25 women per arm) and the other three were of high risk of bias (high chance of bias). Four of the trials compared PFMT with a control group (857 women) and in the other two, the addition of PFMT to surgery was compared with surgery alone (118 women). There is now some evidence from randomised, well-conducted and well-reported randomised trials that suggests a benefit from PFMT for prolapse symptoms and quality of life in the short term (up to six months). The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) for symptoma in the medium and long term. There is not yet evidence to show whether or not PFMT is effective in relieving prolapse in the longer term.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of quinolone or any other CSOM treatment in adults (aged 18 years and over) with either otitis externa or mastoid cavity infections. We found 14 RCTs that included 1,724 adults with CSOM. Quinolones were found to be better than no drug or antiseptics in terms of clearing the aural abscess from the nose and throat. They were more than twice as likely to be cured if they were applied topically (i.e. with the aid of a needle and/or a syringe) than when they were not applied at all. Meanwhile, other types of non-quinolone antibiotics were more mixed, changing over time (four trials, 254). There was no evidence about side effects.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the accuracy of FRS in people with schizophrenia. We found 21 RCTs with a total of 6253 people. Studies were carried out from 1974 to 2011. In 20 studies, FRS was compared with all other types of psychosocial and non-psychotic mental health disorders with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81% (74% to 87.4%). In 17 of the 21 studies, the FRS test was correctly identified in about 5 out of every 100 people. In 16 of the trials, the test was accurate in about 50% of the people. This means that for about 5 in every 100 of those who have FRS, out of the 100 who do not have it, around 5 to 19 of them will be correctly diagnosed as not having a disease. In seven of the studies, it was found that when FRS is used there is a chance that the test will correctly identify about 80% to 90% of those with a positive FRS. The quality of the evidence from these studies was of very low to low quality. This was mainly due to the small numbers of people in the trials and to the fact that many of the results were based on old, old studies. Therefore, new, large, well-conducted studies are likely to change these results.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any of these treatments for atopic dermatitis. We found 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 in the 1 psychosocial study. The largest and most well-conducted RCT, which included 992 children and adults, had the largest and largest-sized study. It had six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. In this study, both nurse- and dermatologist-led interventions led to a reduction in the severity of SCORAD in both the nurse and the dermatologist groups. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of differences in the way the trials were carried out, we found better improvements in the outcomes assessed. In the largest of these, the largest study, which had small numbers of people, we were able to combine their findings from three of the five trials, which showed that there was an 8.2% to 10.0% improvement in the outcome for adults in the intervention group compared with those in the usual care group. However, in all of the above studies, the results do not seem to be close to the range that would be necessary for us to be sure that the improvement is real. We are not sure if this is due to the fact that some of the people in the control group knew whether they were in the treatment group or not, or were not in the education group (e.g. not knowing which group the children were in). In the other way round, we are not certain if this had an impact on the results. The studies did not all have some weaknesses in their methods or reporting. We judged four of the studies to have high risk of bias, for example, there were high numbers of participants who dropped out of the study, and other bias, or other bias.
We searched for randomised trials that compared HBOT with no HBOT in people with LRTI. We found 14 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 7753 participants. Three of the trials were conducted in the USA, one in Taiwan and one in China. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 16 to 70 years. The studies were carried out in both the USA and the UK. There was some evidence that HBOT appears to increase the chance that the wound was healed and reduce the risk of ORN following ORN. HBOT may reduce the chance of having an ORN when the wound is sealed and the need for surgery. There appeared to be no differences between HBOT and no treatment in terms of how well the wound healed, or how well it healed. There did not seem to be any difference in how well people were able to move around and use their arms and legs, or in how long it took for the wound to heal. The application of HBOT did not appear to cause any harm. There were no studies that looked at how long the wound took to heal and how long people had to spend in the ICU or how much time it took to get back to work.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of blunt or sharp needles to each other in any type of surgery. We found 10 RCTs involving 2961 participants that addressed this issue. Four of the trials were focused on the closure of the incisions, two on caesarean section, three on hysterectomy and two on hip replacement. The use of a blunt needle reduced the risk of the perforation of the ulcerative colostomies (i.e. the inside of the womb) in three out of five trials. The risk of using a sharp needle was about twice as high as the risk with a non- sharp needle. The number of self-reported needle stick injuries was about the same for both types of needle. Because the force needed for the blunt needle was more than twice that for the sharp needle, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high. The evidence from this Cochrane Review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised trials that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotics in adults (aged 18 years and over) with schizophrenia or other similar mental disorders. We searched for trials up to July 2013. We found seven randomised studies with 422 people that met the inclusion criteria with a follow-up of four to 52 weeks. The size of the trials ranged from 20 to 157 people. The length of treatment ranged from four weeks to 12 months. The evidence from the trials was of moderate to very low quality. The review found that there was no difference in the benefits and harms of treatment with the two types of drugs in terms of the numbers of people who responded to treatment (26%, 27%, 27%) and left treatment (20%, 20%). However, there was at least one movement disorder in both groups (23%, 25%), and there was an increase in the risk of rigor (i.e. the need to move around and get out of bed) in the group of people treated with low versus high-potence antipsychotic drugs. There was no evidence of differences between the groups in numbers of side effects (movement disorders) or withdrawals due to side-effects (such as dizziness, somnolence or dizziness). There was also no difference between the two groups in the number of participants who were able to return to work or returned to work. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This was due to the small number of people in the trials and to high risk of bias.
We found nine eligible RCTs (involving 593 preterm babies) that addressed this issue. These trials were generally small and were generally of low or very low quality. The trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the length of time that the infants spent in hospital and did not report any of the outcomes that we thought were important for preterm infants or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm newborns fed in response to feeding and fed with a syringe achieved full oral feeding (the amount of milk and food that can be fed) on their first day of life. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the trials. A large RCT would need to be done to confirm this finding. Overall, the findings of this review do not support the routine use of a saline-filled syringe to feed preterm neonates.
Two randomised trials with 161 adults were included in this review. One of these, with 133 adults, showed that there was a reduction in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. The other, with 18 adults, did not show a change in ABI in people who received a multivitamin B supplement. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on death and rate of limb loss. Currently, no conclusions can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well-conducted and well-reported trials are urgently needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of fee-for-treatment systems on patient outcomes (e.g. number of filled teeth, number of decayed teeth, mean number of children having one or more teeth and mean percentage of children extracted and the mean amount of decay teeth) and healthcare costs in adults. We found two RCTs, with a total of 503 dentists and 4771 patients, that met our inclusion criteria. We judged the risk of bias for both studies to be high. One of the studies was from the four most deprived parts of the world and the other study was from Scotland. Both of these studies were carried out over a three-year period. The authors of the first study found that primary care dentists in the group that had a fee for service paid for the placement of fissure sealants were more likely to take care of their patients' care than those in the control group. They were less likely to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out less fillments and extractions, but they tended to give more advice. There was not enough evidence to know whether or not fees for services were worth the money. The second study did not report data on how well the health care system worked or how much the costs of care were spent. We assessed both studies as being of low/very low- or very low-to-very low quality. This was because there were problems with the way they were done and reported, and there was not a lot of data. There is a need for high-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving over 17,000 women and their babies. We found 21 RCTs, which were published from 1964 to 2014. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The evidence from most of the trials, 7637, was of moderate to high quality. The review of trials found that giving women with low or very low blood counts (micronutrient levels) in the first 24 to 48 hours after the birth of the baby found a 14% reduction in the risk of preterm birth (n = 7637) and a 5% to 10% decrease in numbers of newborns with low birthweight (n= 5643). No clear differences were seen between the groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour, which was reported in one trial. No difference between groups was seen in terms of stillbirth or neonatal death and birthweight. The quality of the evidence from the trials was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low for birthweight, and stillbirth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of probiotics as an add-on to antifungal drugs to conventional treatment. We found 10 RCTs (1656 adults) that met our criteria for the review. None of the trials were industry-funded. Probiotics were found to increase the rate of short-term (less than one month) and long-term cure (one month). Probiotics did not seem to change the number of serious or non-serious side-effects. There is a need for well-designed trials with standard methodologies, longer-term follow-up and a larger sample size to assess the benefits and harms of taking probiotics.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised trials (involving more than 696 women) that compared the use of progestogens with no progestogen or with a placebo or no treatment in women at high risk of miscarriage. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We found seven randomised trials with a total of 696 participants. Two trials were conducted in the USA and Italy, which are high-income countries; four trials were done in lower- and middle-income groups; the seventh trial was done in Jordan, which is a lower-income country. Six of the trials were funded by a drug company and in the seventh, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of women who met the inclusion criteria. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes of interest and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main findings of the review suggest that, compared to a fake medicine (placebo or no medicine), giving women with a high-risk of miscarriage oral or vaginal progesterone or a placebo/no medicine, the chance of a preterm birth (low birthweight or very low birth weight) or having a caesarean birth may have little or no effect on the rate of miscarriage (low- to very low-quality evidence) or on the number of preterm births (very low-to-moderate-evidence). However, we are not sure if giving a vaginal progergen/pessary with the same amount of progergin reduces the chances of having a miscarriage (moderate- to high-certainty evidence). We are also not sure whether giving a vagina (vaginal progerin or hyaluronic acid) has any effects on the chance that the baby will be born preterm or that the woman will have a low birthweight (low to moderate-evidence) or have a baby that will be too large to be grown outside the womb. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriages with progestogenic drugs reduces the risk of miscarriages.
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulants in the USA, UK and Japan with a total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review. Three of the trials were funded by the US, one by the UK and one by Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with retinopathy of the retina (8926 eyes) with 50% of eyes experiencing a 50% reduction in risk of worsening of the disease at 12 months. Longer term follow-up (over five years) did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% improvement in the risk of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity at five years with laser treatment. There was a benefit from laser treatment with argon laser and one of the studies looked at the use of argon lasers in the treatment of eyes with non-proliferative retinopathies (i.e. eyes with no signs of cataract or glaucoma). There was no difference between laser treatment and no treatment in terms of the number of eyes that lost more than 15 letters of acuity, but there was a beneficial effect on the rate of progression of the condition. There were no studies that looked at how long the disease took to progress or how long it took for the disease to progress. None of the evidence from these studies was of very low or moderate quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared CPAP or bilevel NPPV with other types of treatment in adults with acute lung failure. We found two RCTs (269 adults) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Both trials were conducted in China and Italy and were at high risk of bias (that is, there is a risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions). We judged both studies to be of very low or very low quality. The evidence from the RCT was very limited. We were not able to assess the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, and sepsis (infection). We found very low- or low-quality evidence that CPAP and NPPVs may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (i.e. the need for the placement of a tube to be re-extubation) and the length of time spent in the ICU. There was very low to very low data for the other outcome of anastomotic leak, pneumonia- or septic shock, and for the outcome of death. Findments from one of the trials, with 60 adults, suggested that bileven NPPP, when compared to oxygen therapy, may improve blood gas levels and blood acid levels one hour after the treatment. We did not find evidence that the use of CPAP had an effect on the number of days spent in hospital. There were no data for other than for length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or on the need to be cared for in the first 24 hours after the intervention. The trials did not report on the other outcomes we were aiming to assess, such as stomach insufflation, airway drainage, pneumonia, and death. We concluded that we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of these treatments on the risk of death or the time spend in hospital due to lack of data.
We searched for randomised, double blind, quasi-blind, and quasi-randomised trials of diazepam, vinydan-ether, or other analgesics used to relieve pain during childbirth. We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias. A number of different drugs were assessed in the trials, and thus results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. Three of the four trials (involving 388 women) were of low to very low quality. All four of the trials were conducted in the USA, and all four were of very low to moderate quality. The evidence from three of the included trials suggests that diazapine, compared with ketamine, may be the best analgesic drug to give for forceps delivery in terms of pain relief. There was no evidence from one of the other trials that compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block. In the other trial, no difference was seen in the number of women who were able to judge their pain relief as effective when compared with those who received ketamine. With regard to other measures of pain, there was no difference between the groups, but there was some low-to-very low-certainty data for the two groups for the other comparisons. There were no trials that looked at the effects of other types of analgesia.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and over) with asthma. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 people. Yoga was taught and taught in five of the trials, and it was taught in the other four. Most of the studies were done in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. There was some evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in the short to mid-term (i.e. up to six months). There was no information on changes in change in lung function or change in the change in medication use. We are not sure whether or not these changes are due to the lack of an established MCID in the severity scores used in the trials. No serious side effects were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. There is more uncertainty about the potential side effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and the use of medications in the long-term. Yoga may have a role in the management of asthma, but we do not know if it has an important impact on change in asthma symptoms or lung function. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one area for the remainder. This means that the true effect of yoga may differ a lot from the findings in this review.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised trials of immunosuppressants (drugs) for people with CIDP. We found 10 randomised trials (249 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as having very low- or low-quality data. Many of the studies did not report adequate data for the reporting of the main outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. Pooled data from two trials of the two most widely used types of treatment (involving 58 adults) showed no differences between IFN beta-1a and placebo in terms of muscle strength. A single trial of methotrexate (a drug used to enhance the immune system) provided high- or very high-quality evidence that MTX did not prevent or slow the rate of progression of disease. Three trials (78 adults) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined with a placebo) to a placebo, but we were not able to perform a meta-analysis because of differences in the methods used in the trials. An open trial of anti-T lymphocyte immune globulin (ATG) combined with MTX versus MTX, which is one of the most commonly used treatments in the world, was very low to very low quality. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine (a medicine used to treat rheumatoid cancer), and a non-steroid drug (a type of white blood cells) did not show any differences between the groups. None of the trials were large enough to show a difference in the number of people who were alive 12 months after the end of treatment. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of any of the treatments on the proportion of adults who were still alive at 12 months from the start of the trial. We rated the overall quality of life as very low.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2012. For this update, we searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with MRSA or SSTI to either a linezolol or vancomycin. We found nine RCTs, with 3144 participants, that met our inclusion criteria. No new trials were identified for this first update. No RCT was found for this update. For the first review, linezolic was found to be more efficacious than vancomiccin in terms of cure rates. There were fewer episodes of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolate group, however, more cases of thrombocytopenia (swelling), and nausea and thrush. There was no difference in all-cause deaths (death from any cause) between those who received linezole and those who were treated with vancommycin. It seems, from the available data, that length of stay in hospital was shorter for those who took linezoid than for those in the vancomysycin group. The daily cost of treatment was less with oral linezolin than with intravenous linezoline. We did not find evidence of a difference between the two groups for other outcomes such as MRSA, or for people with other types of MRSA (e.g. febrile staphylococcus aureus, cytomegalovirus, fungoides and septic meningitis).
We included eight RCTs with 512 participants in this meta-analysis. We found no differences in deaths, morbidity, and survival between the techniques, except for delayed gastric emptying, which was improved with the PPW method. Furthermore, we found some evidence that some perioperative outcomes were improved with PPW, and the need for red blood cell transfusion, in the short-term (i.e. up to 24 hours) and long-term, with the addition of PPW. We were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not there were any differences in post-surgery deaths and morbidity between the two operations. The evidence presented is of low- or very low-quality due to issues with the way the RCT was done and reported.
Six RCTs involving 1862 participants were included in this review. Five of the trials reported the risk of death, and the pooled odds for the five trials were 0.91 (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.70 to 1.16). For the other three trials, there was no difference in the number of people who died or had more than one brain injury in the subarachnoid haemorrhage group. Three trials reported death and severe disability as an outcome in this subgroup. The pooled odds of death for these trials was 0.67 (95%, CI 0.46 to 0.98). This means that the drug may be helpful for some people, though its use may be harmful for others.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with OHCA to either defibrillators or no defibrillation. We found four RCTs involving 3090 adults that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. Three of the trials were considered to have a low risk of bias, and one of them had a high risk. We have been unable to determine whether the use of immediate defibrilators and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR before defibrilation have the same effects on rates of return of the heart rate, survival to discharge or brain injury due to OHCA. Adverse events were not associated with either treatment. We were not able to draw conclusions about whether or not defibrulators and no side effects were caused by OHCA due to the lack of data. We suggest that this is an area that needs further research through additional high-scale, high-quality studies.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence from randomised, well-conducted and well-reported randomised trials to recommend the routine use of any one treatment over the other. There is a need for well-designed trials with low risk of bias that compare the use of GnRH agonists with no treatment in IVF and ICSI. These trials should be large enough to be sure that the results are valid.
This 2009-10 update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review of trials added 21 new studies, bringing the total to 53 randomised trials. This review found that people with schizophrenia who have received this type of care may have about one third of the risk of relapse (i.e. the chance that they will come back to the hospital) and about one-seventh of the chance of leaving the care they received. This may be due to the fact that in the trials that were done properly, there were problems with the way that the trials were done. We did not find evidence from these trials to show that this kind of care either prevents or promotes suicide. People who have had this care may also have about half or a third of their chances of leaving treatment. It may be that the reason for this is that there is a chance that if the care given to the child is good, then the child will not be able to do the same for the rest of his or her life. We do not know if this is true for people who do not have this care. This plain language summary is up to date as of 7 July 2013.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving trials that compared DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasty in people with in-stent restenosis. We found three randomised trials that included 263 people. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used a drug called paclitaxel as the drug used in the drug-elution method. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials were at high risk of bias due to differences in the number of balloons that were used and how, as well as in the dose of the DEBs used. Most of the people in the trials were followed up to 12 months, but one of the trials followed people for up to 24 months. DEBs showed no difference in the rate of amputation or death between people treated with DEBs and people who received uncoate balloons. However, DEBs were found to be superior to uncoates in terms of target lesion revulking (i.e. narrowing of the main artery) and the amount of time that the balloon was left open. There was no evidence that DEBs caused any harm. The evidence presented is of very low or low certainty for all outcomes. This was due to limitations in the design of the studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with CIDP to receive either a corticosteroid or no treatment for at least 12 weeks. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 922 adults. We were able to pool data from 7 of the trials (with 907 adults) and found that use of corticostoids reduced the occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities (no events, no events and death) and the number of days with fever (1.5 days). We were not able to draw conclusions about the length of time with fever and the need for the C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in the blood (this is a test that records the amount of red blood cells in the urine which determines how much red blood cell is pumped around the body) as there were too few events to be able to tell whether this had an impact on this outcome. Use of steroids did not seem to increase the risk of adverse events such as rash, redness in the legs and redness around the veins (fever, rash, rash and rash), but we were unable to tell from this evidence whether this was due to the nature of the steroids used in the trials. We judged the evidence to be of high to very high quality. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this review.
We searched for evidence from randomised, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found eight RCTs that included 846 women with postpartum depression, with a mean age of 34 weeks. Four of these included a PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial or psycho-behavioural support, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression, and 19 meta-analyses of outcomes assessed at post-intervention or follow-up. We did not find evidence that PIP was superior to other types of PIP (i.e. video- and video-based guidance, psycho-based) in terms of reduction in parental depression or reduction in the levels of parental or child depression. However, there was some low- to very low-to-moderate-risk of bias in some of the studies. We assessed the risk of bias of some studies as high or very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the reliability of the findings. We judged the quality of the evidence overall to be moderate to low. This means that the true effect of the intervention may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We found one new study in this update of the review. In total, we found 11 trials (with 753 participants). The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The evidence from the low to very low quality of the trials showed that there was no difference in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes. None of the 11 trials reported the number of women who needed to be re-adhering to their planned caesarean section. The very low- and low-quality of the evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour with a healthy term baby had higher levels of oxygen in their blood, and their babies had higher blood gas levels. There was high variability in the results of the two groups. A subgroup of women in low-risk and high-risk studies showed no differences in UaPO2 and UvPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) between the groups, whereas the high- and moderate-risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, there is no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term women with elective (before 34 weeks of pregnancy) with a normal amount of blood in their urine and low levels of protein in the urine and high levels of white blood cells (free radicals) is beneficial or harms.
This is an update of the 2006 Cochrane Review, the first version of which was published in 2006. We searched for new evidence in 2011 and found four new randomised, double blind, double-blind trials. We included twelve studies with 2196 participants in this update. We reran the search in 2015. We will deal with the four new trials of interest when we next update this review. We found that the amount of pills taken and change in the change in glycated haemoglobin levels in the blood were lower in the group of patients who had received a reminder pack. No effect was seen on systolic blood pressure. We also found that there was a decrease in the number of people who dropped out of the trial. We did not find evidence for other outcomes such as serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reported mental symptoms. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. We believe that reminder packs may be a simple method for improving adherence to prescribed medication for people with selected conditions. Further research is needed to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled, or quasi-randomised trials of treatments for ischaemic events in adults aged 18 years or over undergoing elective liver resections. We found 15 randomised trials that were of high risk of bias (ie, there is a high chance of bias due to play of chance) and of random errors (there is a chance of chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouring one treatment over the other). All the trials had high risks of bias. There were no differences between the groups in any of the outcomes in the other comparisons. Methylprednisolone and dextrose may protect against ischaemia in elective hepatocellular carcinoma. The trimetazidine group had a lower length of stay in hospital than did the no-treatment group. Pentoxifylline, amrinone and allopurinol were no better or worse than no treatment in reducing the number of deaths or complications from the surgery. Trimetazidine improved the enzymes that make up the blood and blood-thrombocytopaenia. However, there were a high number of types I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each of the trials, and the risk of biases in the methods used in the trials.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the risk factors for CCS. We found 61 RCTs that assessed risk of CCS; 46 for prevalence, six for both prevalence and risk factors, and nine not met the inclusion criteria, but assessed risk factors. The 52 studies included in the original review included 13,327 adults with CCS, of whom at least 4499 had CCTs. The risk of side effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to variation in the types of people included in included trials, the number of participants in the trials and the way the trials were carried out. The mean follow-up time of the trials ranged from a few weeks to three years. Seven out of 52 studies, with 244 adults, looked at the prevalence of chronic CKD, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 trials, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, with at least 432 CCS participants, and found that GFR was found in about 4499 of these people. One of the studies found that after treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS with high-dose ifosfamide, there was an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction, with or without surgery, in about one-third to one-seventh of people. However, this finding was not found in the four non-clinical trials that assessed hypophosphata or cisplatin. We also looked at proteinuria, which was found to be a risk factor for GFR. The majority of the evidence from these non-experiments was of moderate or high risk. The evidence from non-randomized studies was of low or very low risk. This was mainly due to differences in the design of the included studies.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, multicentre, well-conducted trials of phytomedicines in sickle cell disease. We found two randomised trials with a total of 182 participants. One of these trials (Niprisan®) was found to reduce episodes of severe painful crises in people with sickle Cajanus Cajan. The other trial (Ciklavit®) reported a possible benefit to people with painful crises, and a possible side effect (non-specific) on the level of anaemia (low- or very low-certainty) over a six-month follow-up. It did not seem to affect the risk of having a further episode of pain that went from very painful to no pain. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of phydomedicine treatment on any of the outcomes mentioned above. However, it did seem to be safe and effective in reducing painful crises. Further trials are needed to assess its role in the management of sickleCajan cell disease and the results of these are awaited.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, or quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) of adults (aged 18 years and older) with early-stage HL. We found three RCTs (1999 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. We judged the overall risk of bias of these studies to be moderate to very low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2018. We were able to perform a meta-analysis (combine of results) including all three trials. Of the 1999 adults included in the three trials, 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-positive or were excluded because they did not seem to have met the criteria for this type of cancer. One of the trials reported no deaths. The other two trials reported deaths in the PET-negative arm and two in the control arm. Progression-free survival (the length of time that the cancer remains free of cancer) was shorter in those who were not treated with PET. This difference was seen in terms of the number of deaths. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the studies. Short-term adverse events were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. To date, no strong data on OS, response rate, TRM, QoL, or short- and long-lasting AEs are available.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, or quasi-randomised, trials of birth control pills or progestin-only pills in 2014. We found 31 randomised trials that were eligible for this review. No new trials were eligible in 2014, and no new studies were found after 2014. None of the trials included a placebo. The trials compared the use of pills with no pills, injectables (injectables), a vaginal ring, or an etonogestrel implant. We did not find any new trials for the update of this Cochrane review in 2015. The evidence from 24 of the 31 trials showed that the oral birth control pill group had lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response (low blood sugar) than the levonorgestrel COC group. The oral pill group also had a lower mean AUC and AUC-like blood sugar levels. We could not tell whether the groups were more or less likely to have side-effects from the pills or the injectables. However, where data could not be pooled, we found that the women in the placebo-only group had a higher mean fasting and mean insulin-like side-effect rate. We also found no clear differences between the groups in terms of the number of women who lost weight or gained weight during the course of the trial. We were not able to tell whether any of the groups had more weight gain or gained any weight after the end of the study. The quality of evidence from the trials was moderate to high. The main drawbacks were imprecision (variation) and imprecise findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and over) with non-specific musculoskeletal pain. We found 10 RCTs, with 5549 people. The evidence from nine trials (549 people) showed that, compared with a control group that did not exercise, people in the control group had about 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) and 0 was no worse than a moderate point (0.0). The number needed to treat for an improvement in quality of life was about 50 points lower in the group in which people exercised than in the non-exercise group, and this number would have been about the same in any of the groups that did or did not take part in the exercise group. The reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after the end of the treatment. The quality of evidence from seven of the 10 trials (715 people) was high, meaning that we are very confident in the findings. However, the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the trials were able to blind people to the type of treatment they were receiving and, while most of the studies were of high risk of bias, the findings may also be prone to bias due to bias from the way they were carried out. Of the five studies that looked at side effects, each of the five reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain, which was likely to be due to the amount of pain that was caused by exercise. The number of people who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events was about twice as high in the treatment group as in the no-participant group, but this number may have been too small to tell us whether or not this was due to exercise or not. Only three trials (183 people) looked at the effect of exercise on the general population, with overall low- or very low-quality evidence. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of exercising in adults (aged 18 years and over) with MS not experiencing an exacerbation (‘exacerbation’ or ‘retreat’) for at least 12 months. We found nine high-certainty RCTs (260 adults) that met our criteria for the review. Six of the trials looked at exercise therapy compared to no exercise therapy, whereas three of the three other studies looked at one or more of the other types of exercise therapy. The evidence from the six trials showed strong evidence in favour of the results of exercise treatment when compared with no treatment in terms of muscle power function, exercise tolerance functions and mobility-related activities. No evidence was found for exercise therapy on tiredness and perception of handicap when measured up to six months after the end of the treatment. Moderate-to-high data were found for improvements in mood and mood. No studies were found that any of the included studies were of high risk of bias. No adverse events were found in the trials. No study found evidence of deleterious (adverse) effects of exercise or of bias related to the type of MS. There is a need for more research in this area to be done.
We searched for randomised trials that compared early laparoscopy with delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy in adults (aged 18 years and older) with gallbladder cancer. We found only one randomised controlled trial (75 participants) that met the criteria for this review. This trial was of high risk of bias (high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouring one treatment over the other) and had a total of 75 participants. The participants were randomised to either a wait-and-see study (eight weeks) or a laparoscope-based study (four weeks). There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) or 0/40 (2.5%) in the later group (38%). There was no bile duct injury in the first half of the trial. The early group did not have more serious adverse events than the delayed group. The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the waiting group and 35 people in the late laparotomy group. Both groups had no major adverse events. The complication rates of the people having the laparoid operation were similar in both groups. The only complication rates in the group having the early operation and in the delayed operation were the same for both groups, except for the need for re-surgery, which resulted in a higher rate of re-operations in the long-term (more than four years). The evidence from this review is up to date as of July 2013.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term, well-conducted trials (experiments in which one group of people is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) of adults with orthognathic surgery. We found 11 randomised trials that were eligible for this review. Seven of these trials were able to give us our main outcomes and we pooled their results. Overall, we found that, compared with a single dose of short-term (six weeks or less) antibiotic prophylaxis, long term (six to 12 weeks) and long (12 to 24 weeks) antibiotics probably reduce the risk of having an SSI by 76% to 0.26%. There was not enough data to know whether or not there were any side-effects. None of the trials assessed or looked at other outcomes, and there was not evidence to show whether one type of antibiotic is better than any other.
We searched for evidence from randomised trials that compared elective preterm birth with no elective birth in preterm babies with gastroschisis. We found one study involving 40 infants and 42 women. The evidence from this study is up to date as of March 2016. There were no differences between the groups in terms of birthweight, ventilator requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and need for repeat surgery. There was a trend towards a trend to a higher birthweight in the elective group and a lower gestational age at birth in the non-pregnant group. None of our outcomes were reported in the study. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of elective or non-elective birth on outcomes for the mothers or their babies. More research is needed.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of paracetamol in adults with WHO cancer. We found three studies in adults. All three studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. None of the three-step studies reported any of our main outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain no worse than mild at the end of treatment; or participants with much improved or very much improved (or equivalent) pain. What pain reports there were indicated no difference in pain when added to other pain treatments. There was no convincing evidence of any of the studies being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of extra painkillers, other adverse events, and withdrawal due to lack of effect. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of paracheamol alone or when used with other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics) for the first and first-step treatment of WHO cancer pain.
The review of 15 trials found that antimuscarinics (astemizole and diphenhydramine) and the Chinese medicine suo quo wan were more effective than placebo in relieving the symptoms of wetting, but the drugs used were those that can cause side effects. Of the other treatments, oryzanol and astemizole were not shown to be as good as doxepin. The trials did not report on harms.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of expiratory muscle training in adults with MS. We found six RCTs, with a total of 195 people. Eighteen people (˜10%) dropped out of the trials; the other trials did not report any data that could be included in the meta-analysis. We pooled the data of 5 trials (137) for both inspiratory and expirate muscle training, and found no difference between the groups with regard to maximal expirative pressure, but there was a benefit on the predicted amount of pressure that people with MS could feel when they breathed out. There was no difference in the amount of air that they could breathe out or their quality of life. There were no data for other outcomes that we thought were important, such as how far they could walk, how long they could run, how hard they had to walk, or how long it took for them to get up and walk, and how much they could do. We did not find evidence that any of these factors could tell us whether or not any people had any side-effects from their treatment. We could not tell whether any of the studies were at risk of bias. However, most of the people in the trials left the trials soon after the end of treatment, and this could have been due to the fact that they did not know whether they were in the treatment group or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of the use of betamethasone (a corticosteroid drug) to treat ITP in women with ITP. We found one RCT in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT did not find any difference in neonatal thrombocytopenia or bleeding in the brains of the two groups. Maternal death, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage, and neonatal intracranial bleeds were not assessed in this RCT. This Cochrane Cochrane Review does not find evidence about other medical treatments for ITP during pregnancy. There is not enough evidence to support the treatment of ITP with any medicine. The need for well-designed, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term trials is high.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-blind, controlled randomised trials (where one or more of the two or more groups) of adults (aged 18 years or over) who received either DALK or a non-selective treatment (fillments) of the cornea. We found two randomised studies, both from Iran, both of which included a total of 111 adults (n = 30 and 81) that met our criteria for the review. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the larger study, four DALK surgery had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractory outcomes were not assessed in these people. The length of the studies ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 of the participants followed for at least three months post-suture removal. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we were not able to draw any conclusions. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratoplasty was reported in both groups. No post-graft graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. A number of graft losses were found in the Javadi 2010 study. The data, which related to all cases in each of the four cases that did not go ahead as planned, showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the bias of the other than that was included in the meta-analysis indicated that the inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. Therefore, even even if the data from the Javadi 2010 trial were very imprecise, we would not be able to tell whether or not there were any postoperative graft failures in either group.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of giving iron supplements to pregnant, postpartum, postmenstrual or postmenopausal women with anaemia or perinatal haemorrhage. We found 67 RCTs, from 76 reports, that recruited 8506 women. Most of the studies were carried out in the 1980s and early 1990s. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find evidence of an increased risk of side-effects from taking iron. We were able to analyse data from 10 of the trials (3273 women) and found that women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment (10 of 3273) and had higher levels of haemoglobin in their blood (10 studies, 3273 women). We were not able to tell whether or not there was an increase in the risk of having a loose stools or diarrhoea (6 of 604 women) or having to go to the toilet (5 of 521 women) in women who took iron. There was no difference in the number of women who died or were left with no blood in their urine (4 of 5 women) between groups receiving iron and those receiving no iron or a placebo (3 of 5) or a dummy pill (2 of 5). We found no differences between groups in the amount of iron or in the numbers of women with any side-effect. We could not tell whether there were more or less side-side-effects in the group of women receiving no or a fake iron (a dummy pill) compared to the group receiving iron or placebo. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the outcomes of anaemia and iron-deficiency anaemia, and low to very low for side effects.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted studies that included adults (aged 18 years and older) with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found five randomised trials with a total of 1,726 patients. The top-up search resulted in an additional trial, which has not yet been included in this review. The results of this review show that there is no evidence to support the use of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine in the treatment of metastatic colon cancer. However, there is some low- to very low-quality, moderate- to low-grade evidence for side-effects. Future high-quality studies are needed to clarify if there is a role for these drugs in the first-line management of metastatics.
This review aimed to find out whether a transverse or oblique incision is the best way to treat a hernia. The evidence from this review shows that a cut in the transverse incision caused more pain but less loss of blood (wound dehiscence and rupture), but this does not seem to be significant in the long term. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operations, such as those with deep vein thromboembolism or perijejunostomy incision, or in the length of time that the wound was left in place. However, there may be less pain with a transvenous incision and a transrect incision may look better.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2017. We found nine RCTs (981 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Five studies were from Europe and four from the USA. The mean age across trials ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute low-back pain, we found that compared with usual care, people with subacut LBP had less pain and fewer disability days (two of 210) and more sick days (three of 240) in the short-term (12 weeks). We found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, disability, or return to work. However, when we compared MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief treatment (two studies), and brief treatments (two trials), we found no evidence of differences in pain, and time away from work. None of the studies looked for adverse events in both groups, and none of the trials looked at whether or not there were any harms caused by MBR. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to low for all outcomes. This was because of the small sample sizes, high risk of bias, and imprecision of the results.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 18 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (involving 4843 people) of bisphosphonate for men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. We reran the search in April 2018. We will deal with the one trial of interest when we next update the review. We included adults (aged 18 years and over) with a high risk of prostate cancer and a low risk of bone cancer. We did not include people with other types of cancer (e.g. colorectal, mesothelioma, nasopharyngolaryngitis) or people with non-small cell lung cancer (nausea, perforations, and peritoneal cancer). We found no difference in the proportion of participants with pain, death, or side effects between people treated with bisph phosphonate compared to those who did or did not take the medicine (low or very low quality of evidence). We also found no differences in the number of people with bone cancer who experienced side effects (such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness, drowsiness, fatigue, headache, or dizziness) or deaths (low to very low and very low or moderate or high or moderate/low or high/high/low/moderate/low) between people who received or not the medicine and those treated with the medicine. We could not tell whether the medicine had an effect on quality of life because the methods used to assess how well the medicine worked (outcomes that relate to how well a medicine worked and how well it worked) were often varied greatly across the trials and we were not able to combine results from the trials to draw conclusions.
We searched for randomised or quasi-randomised trials that compared HDT + ASCT to ASCT in people with relapsed or refractory HL. We found five RCTs with a total of 1093 patients. Four of the trials were in patients who had not been treated for long-term (more than five years) and one was in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label (trials in which participants and their carers were not aware of the group to which group the patients were allocated) and the number of patients in each of the two groups was low. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity (i.e. imprecision of results) was not reliable and the findings of this meta-analysis were imprecise. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from the survival curves, for PFS for two of the three trials. For PFS, the risk of death from any cause was lower in the HDT group than in the ASCT group. The risk of adverse events, such as infections and cancer of the white blood cells, were rarely reported and were seen more frequently in the group treated with HDT. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab (a drug used to treat leukaemia) to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a large improvement in PFS in the high-grade PFS group. In the four trials in previously untreated patients there were no differences between HDT and ASCT and the control-arm in terms of TRM, secondary myeloid leukaem/myelodysplastic syndromes or solid cancers. Adverse events were few and rare in these days.
We searched for randomised trials that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with schizophrenia to receive WDD or placebo or no treatment for at least 12 weeks. We found 15 trials with 1437 people. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The overall, overall, risk for bias of the trials was low or very low. There was a high risk of bias due to the small number of people in the trials and the fact that not enough data could be pooled. When WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no differences in short-term (i.e. days or weeks) and mental state were found. However, there was a lower rate of extrapyramidal effects (where the brain is pumped around the body) in the WDD group compared with those in the other groups. There were also fewer people with EPS and the use of risperidine. Weight gain was similar in both groups. WDD is often used as an add-on to antipsychotics.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any of these types of wiring. We found three new RCTs (228 adults), bringing the total to 12 trials with 799 adults. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias (i.e. there is a chance that the true result is close to what this report shows) and three to low risk (there is a possibility that the real result is very different from what this study shows). We found no evidence that any of the studies reported on root resorption (wound resorction), which can be a very rare event. None of the trials reported on the side-effects of the treatments. There is not enough evidence from these studies to say whether there is any difference in rate of alignment or pain between the two types of wires. There was also no evidence from the studies to show that any one method was any better than the other. We rated the overall the quality of the evidence to be low to very low for all outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of this type of de-escalation. We found just one RCT, which included 306 adults with dementia and an average age of 86 years. This study took place in 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change with three measurement scales. For the CMAI, the study used 29 points on a seven-point scale and pooled the results to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203 points for the following four domains: Physical Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 points), Speech and Behaviour (13 and nine points), Physal Non- Aggressive Behaviour and Speech/Speech/Speak (13 or nine points) (with a range of four to 16 points), and Verbal Aggressive Behbehaviour (three or four points). Four of the five scales showed improvement in the intervention group. There were no changes in change scores on the Physically Aggressive scale. There was no difference in change rates. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcomes. This means that we are not able to draw any firm conclusions as to the effects of this treatment. High-quality research on the effect of this intervention is needed.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) of skin care for adults (aged 18 years and older) with IAD. We included 13 RCTs with 1316 adults. Most participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or hospitalised. Eleven of the trials had a small sample size and short follow-up times. Nine of the 13 trials were of high risk of bias (i.e. there is a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers) and were of very low to very low quality. One of the other trials was of low or very low and was of a washcloth with a skin washout may be more effective than a washout. The first trial suggested that the use of a skin cleaner (moisturising, skin protectant, or a combination of these) might be more likely than not applying a leave-on skin care product to reduce the occurrence of IAD in adults. The use of soap and water performed poorly in the risk of having an IAD and were no more or less likely to cause side-effects. The evidence from the other studies, being of low to moderate quality, suggests that, in adults, using a take-off skin care cream or washout cream might be better than not using a cream. No evidence was found on the effect of any of the skin care products on the number of people who were not satisfied with treatment or on side-effect rates. The quality of the evidence was very low or moderate for all outcomes. This was mainly due to the small size of the studies and to the fact that most of the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and older) with IM. The evidence is up to date as of 4 June 2016. We found seven RCTs with 333 adults. The ages of the people in the trials ranged from two years to 18 years. Three of the trials were conducted in hospitalised patients, the other three were in an outpatient setting. The main types of antiviral drugs used in the studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovIR. Follow-up ranged from 20 days to six months. There was a mean reduction in the time to cure (the length of time it takes for the illness to heal) of five days in the treatment group but with wide range of results (i.e. there was a chance that the cure would be achieved in five days or less) and a mean decrease in the length of the six-month follow-up. There were more side effects (adverse events) and side effects of treatment in the placebo (pretend) groups than in the antiviral groups. We are not sure whether an adverse event was related to the medication or to the cause of the side effects. The quality of evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution.
This review looked at four randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of 2250 adults randomised to two types of drugs. These were ganciclovir and glargine. These drugs are used to treat high blood glucose levels in the human body. Insulin is the most commonly used drug in the world and the most widely used in many parts of the world. It is thought that once high blood sugars levels are in the blood, the body’s response to low blood sugars (hypoglycaemic episodes) may be the cause of hypoglycaemia. This is why it is often claimed that high blood sugar levels are caused by high blood pressure. The review of trials found evidence that both types of drug have a very low to very low glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HgA1c) concentration. This means that for about 13% to 20% of people, even if their blood sugars are very low, the chances of having a good blood glucose level in the first few days after the start of the trial may not have been affected. This may be due to the fact that most of the people in the trials were not followed up for very long. Also, there was a high risk of bias (that is, there is possibility of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouring one drug over the other) from the way the studies were carried out.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2012. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found six RCTs that assessed the effects of SNS in people with faecal incontinence. We reran the search in February 2015. We will deal with the one new trial of interest when we next update the review. In the first review we found that SNS reduced the number of episodes of faeces during the first three months of treatment compared with no SNS. In addition to this, we also found that in the group of patients who received SNS, there were more episodes of pain at the implant site (6%), and at the site where the device was placed (2%). Adverse events such as mild ipsilateral leg pain and stimulator-site pain were more common in the SNS group than in the no-treatment group. In this group of 19, the median (range) episodes of febrile feces per week fell from 1.0 to 0.5 per week in the control group. This means that for approximately 15% of the participants in the non-sensory control group, with or with no sultopride, there was no difference in the frequency of these episodes. Adverse effects such as pain at implant site and tingling of the vagina occurred in about 10% to 30% of participants in both groups. There was no evidence of differences between the groups in terms of quality of life.
This review aimed to find out if molar tubes were any more or less likely to fail than other types of molar devices. Two well-designed and low risk of bias trials were included in the review and both presented data on first time failure. Pooling of the results showed that the first time failed with molar tubs was 57% less likely than with a molar band (56% risk of event = 57%), and with a 25% chance for molar bands (25%). However, there was less decalcification of the decay of the molar tube when placed in the mouth with a glass ionomer (device) and one of the trials (one trial) showed that there was no difference in first time loss when molar packs were used. No other adverse events were identified.
We searched for studies that compared EUS to T2 or T3 with T1b (early gastric cancer), T1a or T2 (endometrioma), or both of these. We identified 66 articles that were published from 1988 to 2012. We found that, in the short term (i.e. up to 12 months), when compared with T3 or T1, EUS was able to identify about 77% of the gastric cancers. When we looked at how well EUS worked in the long term (over 18 months), we found that it was about as good as T1. In the longer term (18 to 24 months), it was just about the same as when the EUS probe was placed in the middle of the stomach wall. We could not tell whether EUS had an effect on the risk of death from any cause. We were not able to tell whether it had an impact on the number of deaths due to any cause due to the size of the tumour or on the lymph nodes because the results were too imprecise. EUS did not seem to cause any harm to the patients in terms of side effects. The studies did not have a high risk of bias in the way they were carried out.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted trials that compared day-case laparoscopic cholecystoscopy with night-surgery in adults (aged 18 years and older) with symptomatic gallstones. We found six randomised trials that were at high risk of bias (high chance of bias) with a total of 492 participants. The mean age in the trials ranged from 40 to 47 years. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. There were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term deaths was not reported in any of the trials. There was no difference in the rate of deaths between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (0.6%) in the day-surcystectomy group versus 1/200 participants; 0.5% in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). There was also no difference between the groups in terms of pain (3 trials; 175 participants; 5/239 (2.1%) and return to work (1 trial; 1/74 (1.0%)). For all outcomes except pain, there was no evidence of differences in the number of people who were readmitted to hospital (5 trials; 464 participants; 42/205 (20.3%) compared with 5/156 (3.2%), or in the percentage of participants who failed to be discharged as planned (5 studies; 419). No differences were seen in the amount of time to return to activity (2 trials; 217 participants; 4.0%), and in the time to readmission rate (3 studies; 5.0%). No difference was seen in quality of life, the proportion of patients who returned to work or to their work. There is no evidence that there is a difference in length of stay in hospital, the time spent in the hospital, or in how long people spent in hospital. However, there is some low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty data for all outcomes. Therefore, we are not able to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of laparoscopy for the prevention of gallstones in adults.
Capsaicin is one of a type of medicine normally used to treat epilepsy. Capsaicin has been used for many years to treat neuropathy. We searched for randomised, double blind, non-randomised trials of capsaicin treatment for painful and painful neuropathy in adults. We found eight studies, involving 2488 adults, with 415 more participants than in the previous version of this Cochrane Review. We judged only one study to be at high risk of bias. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 adults). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants were much or very much improved with high-concentration capsaicIN than with 'active' placebo. More people (about 10%) had an average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain reduction over the baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% with the cream treatment than with placebo. For painful HIV-neuropathy we found one study (369 adults) that was of good quality. About 10% of the people in the study had at least half or more of their pain reduced over 8 to 12 weeks. For both groups, more people (27%) had about 25% of their disability reduced at 12 weeks with the treatment group than with the group that did not take the cream. For other types of pain, such as chronic low blood counts, there was no difference in the number of people who had their pain improved over the course of the trials. The evidence for most outcomes was of very low or moderate or very low quality. This was due to the small number of studies and participants, and to very low numbers of events.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted trials of carotid artery surgery in adults (aged 18 years and over) with carotids carotides. We found three randomised trials with a total of 6343 people. These three trials compared the results of 6092 people with carutid stenosis to see if surgery prevented stroke. We did not find any differences in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. The risk of having a stroke was twice as high in people with less than 30% stenosis, but the risk of stroke was about the same in those with 50% to 69% stenosa. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of participants with 30% to 49% stenoid angiogram results. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for all outcomes. The evidence from the trials was of high- to very high-quality. The main reasons for this were that the numbers of participants in the trials were small, and that there were problems with the design of the trials. Also, there were no long-term follow-up times after surgery.
We searched for randomized and non-randomized trials of stoma placement for rectal, colostomy, or rectal or percutaneous colostomies in adults with rectal cancer. We found only one RCT that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. This RCT had 864 adults randomly assigned to have a stoma or a non-stoma. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or death from any cause. We were not able to determine whether or not any of the treatments reduced the occurrence of herniation (low- or very low-quality evidence). None of the studies looked at other complications from the stoma, such as ulcerative colitis (14/60), familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60) or other (2/60). The studies did not look at quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. There is still a lack of high- or moderate-certainty evidence to support the use of any surgical technique for stoma formation.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of other types of psychosocial treatments in adults (i.e. people with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders) with the aim of reducing the risk of relapse. We found 24 RCTs, with 2126 people. We did not find any evidence that any of these treatments were superior to each other in terms of the rate of relapse, clinical improvement in mental state or improvement in general functioning. However, we found some very low to very low quality evidence that there may be some benefits for other psychological therapies when used in addition to supportive therapy. There were very few data to compare supportive therapy with other treatments, such as family therapy and psychoeducation, and no data were available to compare it with any other type of treatment. There is a need for more research in this area. Future research could benefit from larger, well-conducted and well-reported studies. The evidence is up to date to September 2012.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, controlled, placebo-controlled, or quasi-experiments that included adults (aged 18 years and older) with non-specific low-back pain for at least 12 weeks. We found 11 randomised studies, with 949 adults with mostly moderate or severe pain. Most of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results are likely to be unreliable. We judged the results for all outcomes as very low- or low-quality evidence. None of the trials reported our main outcomes of reduction of pain of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from the baseline. With NSAIDs, we found that, in people with mild to very mild pain, the first half of their pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks, and in about one in 10 people (32%) of those treated with NSAIDs had their pain improved or very much improved after 12 weeks, compared with about one-seventh of those who did not take the NSAIDs. Adverse events such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness, dry mouth, and drowsiness were more often seen with people who took NSAIDs than with placebo, but these were not clearly related to any pain. With non-steroidal anti-cancer drugs, we were not able to tell whether or not there were any more or less side-effects. With these types of drugs, it was not possible to say whether there were more or fewer side-effect events. We rated the quality of the evidence for all of the main outcomes to be very low or low or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-blind, well-conducted studies that assessed the effects of tinzaparin in adults (aged 18 years and over) with acute ischaemic crises (i.e. with or without fever) with or with co-morbidities. We found two studies involving 287 adults. One of these, with 253 adults, was a study of very low quality and reported that pain severity at day two and day three was significantly lower in participants treated with tizaparin than in those treated with a fake medicine (placebo) and at day 4. Thus, we were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not there was a difference between the two groups in terms of pain severity. The other, with 34 adults, had a conference of 34 adults and was a report of only one of the predefined outcomes of this Cochrane Review. This study did not report on any of the other outcomes mentioned above. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was -1.78 days in favour of the people who were treated with placebo and -4.98 days for those in the fake medicine group. After one day pain intensity decreased more, as reported on a scale of 0 to 10 on which the patient marks the current level of pain. This was the same in both groups, with a mean of -0.94 to 0.62. Two minor bleeding events were reported as side-effects in the tinzapearin group, and none were reported in the placebo group. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. There is a need for well-designed studies with low risk of bias to be done.
We searched for randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with no treatment in people with carotid artery dissection. We did not find any completed trials. There were no randomised randomised studies that assessed the benefits and harms of giving or not, so there is no evidence to support the routine use of these drugs. However, there were no trials that looked at the long-term effects of the drugs.
We found 26 RCTs (2066 participants) that looked at the benefits and harms of the use of different types and types of dressings for burns. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We also looked at results for other types of wounds. Burns Thirteen trials (including silver sulphadiazine cream) showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-silver dressings, but three of the trials showed significantly more infections with the silver-containing dressings than with the non-calcium nitrate dressings. One trial showed significantly less infection with silver and hydron AgSD (a type of antifungal drug) compared with the saline dresser, but the other five trials found no evidence of a difference. One of the six trials (nine dressers) found no differences in infection rates. Other wounds Six of the 26 trials (with 2066 patients) showed similar numbers of infections with and out of 100 with silver or with non-alveolar dressers. One showed significantly fewer infection rates with silver dressers, but one trial in a wide range of wounds showed that in some wounds, such as with the wounds around the wound, there were fewer infections when treated with a silver dresser. One large, high-certainty, long-term (more than 20 years) RCT did not show a difference in the risk of death or the need for reopening of the wound.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the use of one or more of these drugs to treat adults with VAP. We found 12 RCTs with 3571 participants. All but one of the studies had sources of funding that could be used to support their conclusions. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of one treatment over a longer period of time (i.e. six months or more) than six months. We also found no evidence that one type of drug was better than any other in terms of reducing the risk of death or the length of time spent in the ICU. There was some low- to very low-certainty evidence that the addition of tigecycline or imipenem-cilastatin to the treatment of VAP increased the chances of the disease being cured. However, there was no evidence for an increase in the chance of having a cure when we compared these drugs with each other. There were no studies that compared the same types of drug to each other so we were not able to draw conclusions about whether one drug was as good as the other. We judged the quality of evidence for all-cause deaths, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to be very low to moderate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of policies that aimed to reduce the use of drugs in adults over 16 years of age. We found 29 RCTs that met our criteria. We were able to pool data from six of the 29 studies, which showed that when policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAIDs) drugs, people used their drugs less often and dropped out of treatment, had lower drug use and had lower costs. Relaxing the number of drugs they used and how often they used them also decreased the amount of money spent on other health services and did not seem to increase the risk of unwanted health system and health effects. This review also showed that people treated with these drugs were less likely to drop out of the studies and were more likely to use other health care services.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any form of one-to-one OHA with no OHA in adults with gingivitis or plaque. We found 19 RCTs that included 4232 adults. Four of the studies were conducted in the USA, one in Sweden and one in the UK. The evidence from the studies was of very low or very low quality. This means that there is a lot of evidence from very low to very low-quality evidence. There was no evidence from any of the trials that suggested that one form of OHA was any more or less effective than any other OHA for the reduction of plaque or plaque in adults. None of the included studies assessed dental cavities or how often or for how long people had to have an OHA. There were no studies that looked at how much of the OHA treatment cost or how long it took for people to get on with their daily life. There is a lack of high- or moderate- to low- to moderate-- to high-quality studies that have looked at the effects of one to one OHA compared with each other or with any other form of oral OHA, so we were not able to draw conclusions about the best OHA to use.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of adults with capsulitis for at least 12 weeks. We found five small randomised trials, with a total of 492 adults. Two trials (30 and 49 adults) of oral or intra-articular steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) of intravenous or intranasal corticosteroids or no treatment; one study (28 people) of either oral or intracranical steroid injection; and one small (32 adults) randomised trial (32 individuals) of manipulation under anaesthetia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. None of the trials used the same dose of steroids. The trials were of low or very low quality and some were poorly described. No meta-analyses could be performed as no data could be extracted from one placebo- and no-treatment controlled trial and three trials used different treatments. One large, well-conducted, long-term randomised controlled trial showed that oral corticostomies were beneficial in the short-term (i.e. up to 12 weeks), with 48% more of the people in the oral steroid group and 48% in the placebo group. However, the benefits were not maintained at six weeks. One small, low- to very low-to-moderate, randomised study showed that with the use of oral steroids compared to no treatment there was no improvement in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and shoulder pain and disability, or in the Shoulder Pain and Disability Index (SPADI) score. Withdrawals due to adverse events occurred much more often in the steroid group than in the no-treated group. A large, high-quality randomised placebo-and-no-treatment trial showed no differences in pain or range of movements of the arm and neck between the groups treated with oral steroids and no treatment. A third, small-scale, non-randomised trial showed a rapid, rapid, short-lived (up to six weeks) reduction in shoulder and neck pain with use of a non-steroid compared to placebo. A fourth, large-scale study showed no difference in pain and range of motion of the arms and neck. A fifth, medium- to high- to low-certainty trial found no differences between the steroid and placebo groups in shoulder pain, shoulder abduction or neck pain. A sixth trial found that oral steroids provided a more rapid, but not long-lasting, decrease in shoulder abduction, in the first six weeks, and in the longer term. There were very few side-effects. Available data from two placebo-control trials and one no-placebo controlled trial suggests that oral steroid treatment can be useful in reducing shoulder pain and shoulder abduction in adults with Capsulitis.
The objective of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of rTMS for people with ALS. We found three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 people. All three trials were of low quality and were too few to be able to pool the results. None of the trials were large enough or of long-term use to allow us to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms. The overall risk of bias of these trials is high and the number of people who dropped out of the trial was high. This could be due to the fact that people in the sham TMS group knew they were not in the real group (sham TMS) and this could have had an effect on the result. We were not able to draw conclusions from this review about the side-effect rates.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. All the trials had a high risk of bias. None of the studies had a placebo (pretend) group. In 1 of the trials, the addition of prednisone to azathioprine resulted in a greater disease control at 1 month than prednison alone. In the other three trials, no differences in disease control were seen for any of the different types of treatment. No side effects were seen with prednisolone compared with other types of corticosteroids. We did not find evidence of differences in adverse events between the groups treated with either treatment. Overall, we found no evidence of any difference in the risk of death or the need for reoperations between people who received either immunosuppressive drugs or a sham drug. We found no difference between groups in terms of side effects. We were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not there were any side effects due to the lack of data. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
Seventy-five randomised trials, with 7957 participants, were included in this review. Herbal medicines were tested in 65 trials, in which herbal medicines were compared with a fake medicine (placebo) or conventional medicine. In nine of these trials, the herbal medicines combined with the medicine was compared with conventional medicine alone. In contrast, in the other nine trials, herbal medicines alone were tested. Her herbal medicines did not seem to improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. Some herbal medicines may have some benefit in the short-term (i.e. for up to four weeks), but these findings should be treated with caution due to problems with the way the trials were done. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the trials.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised trials of pericoital LNG in women with infrequent intercourse. We found 22 randomised trials that compared LNG with other hormonal drugs to see if they helped to prevent pregnancy. These trials included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The LNG regimens included levonorgestrel (LNG), LNG 0.75 mg, LNG 5.0 mg or 0.6 mg, and other LNGs. The evidence from 11 of these studies, with 11,400 women, showed that the LNG had a 0.7 mg dose and 0.5 mg dose. The pooled rate of LNG was 5.4 per 100 woman-years (95% CI 4.1 to 7.0). Withdrawals due to side effects, most of the side effects were mild and not mentioned in most studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effectiveness and the safety of this method. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may need to be changed of the current World Health Organization (WHO) advice and may even lead to a change in the recommendations of this review.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2012. We searched for new evidence in March 2015. We found 15 randomised studies with 561 children and adults randomised to surgery or no surgery. These studies were carried out in the USA, Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of the children in most of the studies was 12 to 54 years. The children in eight of the trials were aged 12 to 14 years and in two of the other trials the children were 12 to 18 years old. Most of the evidence from the trials was of moderate to high risk of bias. This means that we can be fairly sure that the true results are close to what this review shows, but there is a possibility that it is not entirely clear what this means. There was strong data from the studies that compared surgery to no surgery for mesiodistal movement of the upper first molar teeth. This is a long-term, well-conducted and well-reported study that aims to find out if one technique is better than the other. We were able to do this by analysing data from 10 of the 15 trials. The evidence from seven of these trials showed that, when the first molars were fixed in place with a double-screw, there was a 1.68 mm increase in the distance that the first one was able to reach the top of the mouth. This result should be interpreted with some caution, however, as there were problems with the way in which the data were analysed. When we looked at how long the first and first moles were left in place, we found that there was no evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than any other. None of the included studies looked at harms or side-effects of surgery. There is moderate- to high-certainty, which means that our confidence in the findings from this review is very low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or no-blind trials of adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis for at least 12 months. We included 50 randomised trials with 45,285 adults. We were able to pool data from 38 of these studies (37,274 adults) and three studies (5547 adults) that looked at one or more of the following outcomes: death due to any cause, stroke, heart or stroke-like events (including heart attack and death from any cause), or any cause. We found 47 studies (39,820 participants) that were of high risk of bias overall; and three randomised controlled trials (54,820 people) that had lower risks of bias in terms of bias. In people who received placebo or no treatment, the risk of death from all cause was about the same as for those who did or did not. The risk of stroke was approximately the same in both groups. The number of deaths due to all cause and stroke were about the the the same for both groups, as was the chance of having a heart attack or stroke. There were few events that had few events, such as increased levels of creatine kinase (a protein in the blood), liver problems, and cancer. There was no information about side-effects from the use of these drugs. We could not tell whether or not there were harms from using these drugs, but there were too few events for us to be sure.
We identified 24,704 citations from our database search. Nine trials with 379 adults with CP and OI participated in this review. These adults ranged in age from age from 2 to 19 years. All of the OI and CP trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate) or botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) in five of the trials. Three of the four trials on CP and ITB evaluated intrathecal baclofen and botulomulinum toxins A in the other four. Pain was assessed in five studies and five of them assessed it in the same way. Only one of the studies involved over 100 adults. For pain, we found that pain was lower in the group treated with ITB and two ITB trials than in the control group. We found that most of the adverse events in this group were related to the CP and not the CP group. For the ITB studies, pain was assessed at the same time point as in the standard care or placebo group but at different time points. We also found that there were more side-effects in the CP study and that there was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the CP or ITB trial. None of the included trials evaluated a commonly used analgesic (such as paracetamol and naproxen) or a non-steroidal anti-cancer drug. There is a need for well-designed, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term randomised trials to assess the benefits and harms of surgery to treat OI.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with Alzheimer’s disease to receive latrepirdine or a placebo (pretend drug) for at least 26 weeks. We found seven RCTs involving 1697 adults. Three RCTS (1243 adults) were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials (1034 participants) were found in the analyses of adverse events. We judged five of the trials to be at high risk of bias due to bias in the way they were done, and three trials to have high numbers of people who dropped out of the trial due to side effects. We were not able to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of any of the comparisons due to imprecision (variation) in the findings. However, there was some evidence that there was a very small improvement in some aspects of cognition (cognition) and behaviour (such as activities of daily living) in people with Alzheimer's disease who were treated as out-patients. There was no difference in how well people were able to cope with their daily life, or how well they did in terms of their mood, mood and behaviour. The studies did not seem to be large or to have been well run, so it was difficult to tell whether the findings were due to play of chance. Also, there were problems with the design of some of the studies, such as how they were run or run, which could have led to bias. This means that we cannot be sure if the findings are due to chance alone.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared RIC with no RCTs in adults (aged 18 years or over) with ischaemic stroke or carotid artery stenosis. We searched for trials up to March 2016. We found seven RCT trials, with a total of 735 adults. We included three trials (involving 371 adults) in the analysis of the effects of RIC on the risk of stroke. We assessed risk of bias and judged it to be low to very low risk. We judged the risk for bias to be high in six studies and low to moderate in three of the other four. This means that the true results may differ a lot from what this review shows, but we can be fairly sure that RIC does not cause any harm. The risk of adverse events, such as pain and swelling of the skin, is similar to other types of surgery. The evidence was of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this were that there were problems with the way the RCT was carried out and run, and that the results were imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of providing human milk to preterm neonates. We found six RCTs, involving 204 preterm babies, that addressed this topic. We did not find any evidence that the use of human milk increased rates of weight gain, length gain, or head growth in the short-term (i.e. up to six weeks). There was some low- to very low-quality evidence that human milk supplementation led to faster rates of growth and weight gain. There was no difference in rates of skin shrinkage or change in serum albumin concentrations between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. However, there was some evidence of higher blood urea levels and higher levels of nitrogen in the blood of the preterm infants in the supplemented versus unsuppled groups. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term growth, body fat, body mass index, body weight, brain growth, and brain growth. No evidence was found about the effect of supplementing the diets of preterm newborns with human milk. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to low for all outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised trials (ITS) of PEMs used alone or as part of a multicentre, or combined with other types of care. We found 45 RCTs and 31 ITS relevant to this topic. Almost all the studies (44/45) compared PEM to no treatment. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and when compared to no intervention, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional care outcomes. There is not yet enough information to know how much of an effect PEM has on patient outcomes.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of STI. We included 23 RCTs in this review. Most were done in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. with condoms) and had a large sample size. The evidence from these studies suggests that STI is a safe and effective way to increase the use of condoms. There were few studies that assessed effects on the risk of cervical cancer and there were few trials that assessed whether or not there were any effects on other STI risk factors such as HIV and chlamydia. None of the studies looked at HPV or cervical cancer prevention. There was no evidence that any of the STI programmes had any adverse effects on abstaining from or reducing sex. The studies were heterogeneous in the way they were carried out, the provider, and the way outcomes were measured. This means that it is not possible to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of any one STI programme. Behavioural interventions for young women with STI which aim to promote safe sex skills can be effective. Studies should use an RCT design where there is a high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of brief psychoeducation for adults (aged 18 years and over) with schizophrenia. We found 20 RCTs with 2337 participants. Nineteen of the trials compared brief psychoeducational with routine care or usual care. One of these, a brief psychosocial treatment called cognitive behavior therapy (CBT), has been shown to be a promising treatment to reduce the risk of relapse (return to drug use) in the short term (three months), but not in the long term (six months). There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor in the death rate in either group. We also found evidence from a few randomised, non-randomised, and quasi-randomized trials that showed that brief treatment can improve the long-term global state (i.e. global state) and mental state (ii) can improve mental state in short term and medium term; ii) can lower the incidence and severity of anxiety and depression. Social function (i) can also be improved in the brief treatment group. There is a need for further large, high-scale, well-conducted and well-reported trials to confirm the effects found in this review. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low for all outcomes.
We searched for studies up to June 2016. We found 11 randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, placebo-controlled studies that compared LAMA+LABA with LABA or LABA alone in a total of 9839 people with COPD. Most of the people in the studies had moderate to severe COPD and had not had a flare-up (‘exacerbations’) in the past year. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Compared to the LABA +LABA arm, we found that LAMA has fewer flare-ups (flare-ups) and fewer exacerbations (worsening of COPD), a greater improvement in lung function, and more frequent improvement in quality of life, as assessed by St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) and the outcome change from the baseline. We also found that compared to the LAMA &LABA group, LAMA had a greater increase in FEV1 (how much of a difference there can make to a person’s lung function), and a greater change in SGRQ (how many points they can make on a 100-question test), as measured over 4 units (i.e. how good they are), and we found no difference in all-cause death (how sure they are of the results), or pneumonia (how likely they are to cause you to have pneumonia), or death from any cause (whether or not they are caused by any cause). The LAMA group was more likely to have more side-effects (for example, dizziness, drowsiness, dry mouth, nausea, and tiredness) and had more frequent drop-outs from the trials. The evidence from this review is of low to very low quality. This was due to the small numbers of studies and participants, and to the fact that most of the evidence came from one large, well-conducted study.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of heliox for children aged 6 months to 4 years with croup. We included three RCTs with 91 children. All three studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen. One study of 15 children with mild croup and one of 47 children with moderate croup received one dose of dexamethasone (a medicine used to treat croup). The evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was of low quality, downgraded for serious imprecision. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes (mean difference -0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.36 to 0.70). The mean croup scores at 20-minute and mean heart rate may not differ between groups (MD -14.49 to 37.49) at 20 and 120 minutes. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean Taussig croup levels at 60 and 120 hours but not at 120 hours. In one of the studies, 47 of the 47 children received a dose of corticosteroids (an anti-croup medicine) with 0.3 mg/kg (0.3 to 1.5 mg) for 60 minutes or no treatment. In the other study, all children were discharged from hospital, but information on the need to re-presenting to hospital or the need for a new course of treatment. We did not find evidence of differences between the groups in terms of croup severity, length of stay in the ICU or need for re-removal of the croup mask. The evidence from this review is of low or very low quality. This was due to risk of bias (high risk of play of chance) and to an open-label design (high chance of bias). We added no new trials for this update.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) of red flag tests in people with LBP. We found eight RCTs set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (three) care. The overall risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and bias (i.e. high chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouring one red flag over the other) the main flaws of the studies were the way they were done and the fact that many of the results were imprecise (that is, there is a chance that the true effect of the red flag is quite different from the results of this review). The results of many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be harms with the use of red flags.
This review aimed to find out if urethrotomy or urethroplasty is the best way to treat men with urethral strictures. Two randomised trials were identified. One of these looked at the outcomes of surgery to the urethra. In the first six months, more men had to have further surgery to get the ulcer to close. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men with a ruptured urerotomy needed to have more surgery. The second of the trials looked at different types of surgery. In this trial, men were more than twice as likely to need more surgery if they had a rupture of their pelvic fracture. After three years, 6 of 25 men (24%) had to be re-surgery to close their urethre. There were too few men in the first trial to be able to tell whether or not there was a difference in the time to free from the ureral stricture or to recur. There was not much data to be sure whether there were any side effects. There is a need for well-designed, well-conducted, large-scale and well-reported trials to answer the questions of this review.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of children and adults with chronic obstructive asthma. We found six RCTs involving 1211 adults with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma. The four paediatric trials (two with preschool and three with school-aged children) and the two adult parallel-group trials (with 12 to 52 weeks of follow-up) were of high quality. There was no difference in the risk of having one or more flare-ups (flare-ups) of the disease (1204 adults) or an exacerbation (17% adults) in the daily ICS group compared with 1204 children. The risk of exacerbations ranged from 17% to 25%. There was also no difference between the groups in terms of the change in peak peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) (2.5%), fewer symptom-free days (1.0%), more use of rescue β2-agonists (0.12 puffs/day) and a greater increase in exhaled nitric oxide (16.80 parts per billion) (532 adults). However, there was no evidence of differences in forced expirate (how much of the airway is pumped around the body), quality of life, airway hyperreactivity, side effects, adverse events, admission to hospital and withdrawals from the trial. No group difference was observed in the number of adults with serious side events (1055 adults) and children with asthma who had no flare-up compared with those who did not have any such as diarrhoea or wheezing. In paediatric and adult trials, there were no differences between groups in the rate of growth or change in the growth of the child or adults' height or body mass index. There is no evidence that there is a difference between people who took ICS and those who took no ICS or a placebo (pretend ICS) for the first six months after the end of treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of a healthy lifestyle advice and dietary advice for adults with CKD. We found 17 RCTs involving 1639 people. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with haemodialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplants, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 participants. Participants were followed up for a mean of 12 months. We were not able to assess the risk of death from any cause in this group of people due to CKD due to the very low-certainty (very low certainty) of the evidence. We could not tell whether or not dietary advice had an effect on all-cause deaths or heart events. There was not enough evidence to know if dietary advice reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressures and increased fruit and vegetable intake. Adverse events were not reported in these studies. We judged the evidence to be of very low or very low certainty. This was because there were problems with the design of some of the studies, and there were not enough data.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of nebulised salbutamol or mist therapy for children with bronchiolitis. We searched for randomised, well-conducted, non-randomised, controlled trials that assessed the effects of this type of treatment in this group of children. We found one study that met the inclusion criteria of the review. This randomised 156 children aged seven weeks to 24 months to one of three groups: (1) saline and mist in a tent or (2) saline with or without mist. The results showed a reduction in RDS and RDS severity in the new group but no reduction in the RDS score in the mist with or with mist. However, there was no difference between the groups in terms of RDS or RDS in the other two groups. We conclude that there is not evidence from this study to support the use of either saline or mist in the treatment of children with RDS.
We searched for evidence from randomised trials up to May 2016. We found four randomised studies with 1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years. All the people in the trials had AD and most were already on a cholinesterase inhibitor (i.e. a type of drug used to treat Alzheimer’s disease). We found no studies that assessed the role of statins in the treatment of VaD. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. The main outcomes in all studies were change in AD and change in cognition (Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no improvement in AD or MMSE with the use of a placebo (fake drug) but there was a reduction in both. There was no change in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups. Three of the four studies reported on side effects. There were no serious side effects in any of the groups treated with a statin. The evidence from the studies is of low to very low quality.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2013. We searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found four randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials that assessed the effects of treatments for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. These were small studies with a total of 26 children and adults. Two of these looked at the effect of night splinting. The other three looked at prednisone, surgery and early surgery. There is no evidence from any of the studies to suggest that any of these treatments can help to increase the range of range of movement in the foot and ankle in people with Chagas or Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Further research is needed.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted and quasi-randomised trials of women in low-risk labour (with or without epidural or caesarean section) that looked at the benefits and harms of upright and mobile (acupressure, supine) and recumbent (repright) positions. We found 25 randomised trials involving 5218 women. The evidence from 15 of the 25 trials (2503 women) showed that the first stage of labour was approximately one hour and 22 minutes longer for women who were upright as well as for those who were lying on their backs. Babies of mothers who were standing upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, although this was based on one trial. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the need for epidural and other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and their well being. Overall, we found that there is clear and important data from this review that walking and standing upright reduced the duration of labour, the risk of giving birth, and did not seem to have any effect on the well-being of mothers or their babies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults with TOS of any type. We found three RCTs, but two of them had a long-term follow-up of at least six months. The first trial included 55 adults with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared surgery to bypass the first rib resection with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). This trial had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the researchers) and had to rely exclusively on the test used to assess whether or not someone had TOS. This trial did not have a low risk of reporting any side-effects. The second trial included 37 adults and compared a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene ( scalene muscles) with a saline (fake) injection. This was a high-risk of bias and had a low-to-very low-certainty evidence that TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse events of the BTX treatment above saline. The third RCT did not report any adverse events. The fourth RCT had a moderate- to high-level of bias. It did not measure any of the outcomes we were aiming to assess, but it did show that paresthesias (neck pain) occurred less often in the six months after treatment with BTX compared with saline. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but BTX did improve neck pain up to six months later. The fifth RCT was of a low to very low quality. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2015.
Twenty-one randomised trials involving 884 adults with carpal carpal palsy were included in this review. A hand brace appeared to be the most commonly used treatment and the most widely used in the USA, but this did not appear to be helpful in terms of improvement in the symptoms of the symptoms. A steroid cream, a diuretics (diuretics) and a nonsteroid (nonsteroid) did not seem to be useful in the short-term (i.e. up to four weeks) but one of the four trials that looked at the long-term effects (up to six months) showed that a hand brace reduced pain and improved the function of the affected hand after four weeks. One of the other trials looked at two-week oral steroid treatment and found that it did not help in the long term. In one trial involving 51 people, yoga reduced pain after eight weeks when compared with wrist splinting. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not improve overall symptoms but did seem to improve symptoms. There was no evidence that any of the trials were at risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and over) with CRVO-ME. We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 participants. The evidence from SCORE suggests that the use of the dexamethasone acetonide intravitral implant did not lead to any improvement in visual acuity after six months, but eyes treated with this implant were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in the first year of follow-up compared with those treated with a sham (pretend) injection. The results from GENEVA showed that the corticosteroid implant had a higher incidence of adverse events when compared with observation alone, but the results from this study were not able to tell us whether or not there were more adverse events with IVS. We were unable to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of other types of surgery due to the lack of data.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of intranasal corticosteroids in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy up to 18 months of age. We found six randomised trials involving 394 patients. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo and a greater reduction in mean adenoid/choana ratio (right, -14% with +0.4%, left, -15% with -2.0%, P = 0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. The third parallel-group trial showed that 77.7% of the children treated with mometasone (100 mcg) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in adenoids, such that nasal surgery could be avoided. The fourth trial showed eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg)/day) was associated with a greater decrease in nasal nasal size than isotonic saline (P < 0.05). The fifth parallel-groups trial showed a greater increase in nasal size with fluticasone compared with normal saline, and the need for surgery was avoided in 76% of these children. The sixth trial did not find a difference in nasal blockage or adenodal size between the groups treated with placebo and the placebo group. The review authors concluded that, in the short-term (i.e. up to four weeks), intanasal steroids may be helpful in the treatment of children with mild to moderate adenocorticostitis. In the longer term (up to 18 weeks), there is no evidence that they are helpful.
We searched for randomised, double blind, well-conducted studies that assessed the benefits and harms of antihypertensives, anticonvulsant drugs or any of the other four drugs used for caesarean birth. We found one small randomised controlled study (involving 24 women) that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. This study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death, development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures, and any complication that causes a woman to have a stroke (fetal or large-for-gestation, or both). For the newborn, these included: death of the mother or her fetus, and the recurrences of seizures or a baby with low levels of bilirubin or haemoglobin in their blood (hypoglycaemia), and any adverse events. The evidence from this study was of very low to moderate risk of bias. This means that the true effect of the treatment may be quite different from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised trials of adults (aged 18 years and older) who developed CIDP or HBV in the first 12 weeks of life. We found 16 randomised trials. All trials but one were at high risk of bias. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) assessed the effect of glucocorticosteroids on all-cause deaths up to three months of age. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of any evidence of effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events, number of participants with any complications, or quality of life (measured with the European Quality of Life – 5 Dimensions – 3 Levels scale). There was some low- to very low-certainty (very low-quality) evidence that there was no difference in the number of people who died or were left with any serious side effects up to and after the end of treatment, but there was some moderate- to high-quality (moderate- to low- or high-certainy) data on the frequency of non-serious side-effects. There were no trials that assessed the risk of having a stroke, heart or lung transplantation, or the need for a heart transplantation. None of the trials reported on the costs of treatment. There is a need for well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale, long-term, and long-lasting randomised studies to assess the benefits and harms of giving or not, or placebo or no treatment for adults with cirrhosis. This review is up-to-date as of March 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any type of stroke rehabilitation. We found four relevant RCTs, with a total of 245 adults who had had a stroke (stroke due to any cause). These studies were conducted with adults who were relatively young and their age ranged from 18 to 65 years. The age range of the people in the included RCT was 18 to 70 years. All four of the studies were carried out in the USA, and all but one were supported by a grant from the US Food and Drug Industry. None of the trials reported on adverse events. There was no clear evidence that the use of a simulator-based (based on one study with 73 adults) or any other types of stroke training or treatment led to improvements in on-road speed or in quality of life in any of the four studies, or at six months after the training. We were not able to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, movement, and ability to drive, or on the behaviour of people with stroke. There is a need for more evidence from well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale trials to assess the effects of stroke treatment on on-way driving.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of adults with COPD. We found eight RCTs with 582 adults that met our inclusion criteria, of which five studies with 519 adults (mean ages 65 to 73 years) contributed to the meta-analysis. The mean ages of men in the trials ranged from 58% to 84% and the proportion of men with very severe (severe) COPD was often high. Five of the trials (with 519 people) gave oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and in two of the other three (with a range 28 to 296) gave intravenous corticosteroid treatment. Five studies (with 476 adults) took place in the USA, one in Taiwan and one in China. Studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure (failure of the treatment) between short-duration and longer-duration systemic corticostomy. Time to the next flare-up of COPD did not seem to differ between groups treated with short- or longer-term (or both) steroids. No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was seen in the number of people who had no flare-ups (recurrence) of their COPD at the end of treatment. Studies did not report side effects other than mild to very mild (diarrhoeal) side-effects. We concluded that there was no evidence of differences in the occurrence of any of the outcomes in people treated with either with short or long-duration steroids.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with MDS to either a high-dose red blood cell transfusion or a low-dose transfusion. We found one RCT, which included 13 adults, but did not report on many of the outcomes we thought were important. The evidence from this review is of very low or very low quality. This means that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion method for bone marrow failure in people with bone marrow loss. Further RCTs with good methods are needed. The one included RCT included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The study did not assess: death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload (i.e. the amount of red blood cells lost or lost during the course of the trial), number of transfusions, or serious bleeding events (e.g. WHO/CTCAE grade 3 or greater) or above. There were no anaemia-related adverse events or deaths in either arm in the low- or high-grade group of the RCT. There was also no evidence to show that transfusion reduced the risk of major or non-fatal adverse events in the high- or low-grade groups of the study. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low due to problems with the way the trial was carried out and reported.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of different types of games. We found two RCTs. The first study, which was based on the TV show "Relapse" and focused on the prevention of infections, had more than 50% of the people in the control group and less than 30% in the group that took part in the game. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The second trial, which compared the game called "Snakes and Ladders" with traditional case-based learning of stroke, had about 30% of those in the 'old' group and about 20% in a 'new' group. Both groups had about the same results. However, the people who took part had about half the knowledge of the disease and the same knowledge of stroke. They also had better results on a test that measures how much they knew about their illness and how well they were able to cope with their illness. They were more satisfied with the games than those who were not in the games. There is a need for more high-quality, well-conducted and well-reported studies to look at the impact of games on the health of people with stroke.
Eight randomised, long-term randomised trials were included in the review. These were large-scale, randomised studies in which a group of people with bipolar or unipolar disorders were randomised to either a placebo (pretend treatment) or a drug or no treatment. The evidence from these trials suggests that, compared to no treatment, there is some good-to-good evidence for the efficacy of the two types of drugs in the short-term (i.e. for up to 12 weeks). There is not yet evidence that either of these drugs are more effective than the other.
The objective of this review was to assess the effects of amifostine on the function of the salivary glands after high-dose (high-dose) and non-injecting (non-injected) radioactive iodine for the treatment of thyroid cancer. This is a new area of ongoing research. The findings of this Cochrane Review are based on two randomised trials with a total of 130 participants. Both studies were of high risk of bias (low chance of bias) and had low risk of play of chance (high chance of random errors). The primary findings of the review suggest that the amifastine has no significant radioprotective effects on salivial glands in high- and low-dose treatment. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were assessed in the included trials. None of the trials assessed death from any cause, morbidity, health-based outcomes or costs.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the outcomes of 45 children aged 29 months to six years with Down syndrome. We found three randomised studies involving 45 children. All three studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. We judged all three studies to be of low or very low quality. We were not able to pool the results of the three studies because of differences in the way the studies were carried out. We did find that two studies found improvements in expressive or receptive language skills in the children in the group of parents who had a co-intervention, but this was not maintained 12 months later. One study found gains for the intervention group on the first day of school, but not for the other two groups. However, they found that in this group, more of the participants in the control group could use more words and targets. The third study found improvements for the group in the first week of school and at 12 weeks. This was not found in the longer-term. Only one of the studies reported on adverse events, so we were unable to draw conclusions about the risk of any harm caused by the treatment. None of the trials reported on death from any cause. The evidence from the studies was of very low or moderate quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for studies up to July 2016. We found two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 adults who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had high risk of bias (risk of bias due to play of chance) and were conducted in the USA. We did not find evidence at 3 to 6 months of follow-up to assess the effects of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared with no exercise on death from any cause. However, we did find that, compared with a control group that did not do any exercise, people with heart surgery who exercised after their heart surgery may be able to do more than those who did not exercise. There was not enough evidence at 12 months to assess whether or not there was an increase in the rate of return to work. Due to the lack of evidence, we were not able to evaluate the impact on other outcomes such as serious adverse events or costs. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to moderate for all outcomes. This was due to the small number of people in the trials and to the fact that the results were imprecise. Therefore, there is a need for more research in this area.
Five RCTs (1130 adults) were included in this review. All five of the studies were undertaken in the same country, and in the multi-disciplinary palliative care intervention there was a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies were of low or very low quality, and it was not possible to tell whether or not they were of high quality. The quality of the trials was very low to very low, meaning that we are not able to draw conclusions about the effects of any of these treatments on quality of life or well-being. However, it is not clear from these studies whether the people in the trials were followed up for long-term follow-up, or whether any of the people included in the studies had to return to work or had to work in the next six to 12 months.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that assessed the effects of tDCS in adults (aged 18 years and older) with UPDRS. We found six randomised trials with a total of 137 adults. Two of these studies, with 45 adults, compared tDCS with sham tDCS (sham tDCS) and found no evidence of an effect on change in global change in disability. However, there was some very low-to-very low-quality evidence that tDCS reduced the part of the brain that moves the brain (movement) at the end of the treatment phase. There was no evidence that dropouts, side effects, or deaths were more common in the tDCS group than in the no-treatment group. Two trials with 41 adults compared gait speed with timed gait. One study with 25 adults, with dyskinesia, measured the reduction in off and on time (i.e. dyskineia) but there was no difference in the change in movement speed between groups, but we found some evidence of a reduction in the time spent in the off-and-on time with gait in the gait group. In two of six studies, dropouts, side-effects, or death occurring during the intervention phase were not well-reported. Overall, we found very low to very low quality data for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of people in the trials and to high risk of bias.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We included 12 randomised trials with a total of 461 adults (aged 18 years and older) who received LASB or any other non-surgical treatment for acute ischaemic stroke. We reran the search in May 2017 and will deal with the four studies of interest when we next update the review. For this update, we did not find any new randomised controlled trials. For the update of this review, we found four studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We excluded four of the studies from the review because they were at high risk of bias (high chance of bias) and of bias due to limitations in the way they were carried out. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low for most of the outcomes. We found no difference in pain and side effects in the short-term (i.e. up to one year). Most studies found no differences in pain or side-effects in the long-term. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all outcomes. This was due to the small numbers of people in the trials and to the fact that many of the trials had limitations in how they were done.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised, controlled trials of adults (aged 18 years and older) with Bell's palsy. We found 14 trials, with 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We included four new studies at this update. In this review, we found that a combination of the antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery (low- or very low-certainty evidence) in people with Bell’s palsy when used alone. Antivirals alone had no clear effect on the rate of recovery when compared with a fake medicine (placebo) or no treatment. The rate of partial or complete recovery (high- or moderate-risk of bias) was lower with the addition of the combined treatment (very low- or low-quality evidence). Antiviral treatment did not seem to have an important impact on quality of life. The quality of evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and quasi-blinded trials of LHRH agonist (leuprorelin or treosulfan) in women with relapsed or refractory NSCLC. We found two randomised trials (involving 97 women) that met our inclusion criteria. One looked at the effects of leuprorerelin (decapeptyl) compared with a placebo (pretend treatment) for relapsed/refractory breast cancer, and the other looked at LHR h agonist versus a placebo for metastatic breast cancer. Both of these studies had a high risk of bias. There may be little or no difference between the two groups in the number of women who lived to at least six and 12 months after the end of treatment. However, there may also have been differences between the groups in other Grade 3/4 side effects, such as alopecia and fatigue, which may have been due to the use of a fake medicine (placebo). There may have also been problems with the design of the trials that could have contributed to imprecision of the results. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to very low for all outcomes.
We found 17 randomised studies that compared iNO versus no iNO in infants with low levels of nitric oxide. We found that iNO appears to improve outcomes in the short term (i.e. days and weeks) and in the long term (months and years). Inhaled nitric dioxide (iNO) appears to reduce the risk of death or the need for ECMO in the first few days after birth. However, iNO does not appear to be a safe and effective treatment for long-term illness in preterm and term neonates. We did not find evidence of differences between iNO and other types of ventilators in terms of side-effects or deaths. The evidence from this review does not support the use of iNO as a routine treatment for low-oxygenation (hypoxaemic) and low-flow (transient) neonates with congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We searched for new evidence in March 2015. We found eight new studies for this update. Overall, there are now 14,437 adults with low-back pain who have been treated with lumbar support. Eight of the studies, with a total of 1361 adults, were included in the first version of this Cochrane review and seven were new. The evidence from the new review is not strong enough to say whether or not lumbars are more helpful than no or other treatments in the treatment of LBP. However, there is still a need for high quality randomised trials to answer this question. One of the most important issues to deal with in these future trials seems to be how to make sure that patients and their carers are not aware of when they are in the proper treatment group and when to start the treatment. This will help us to gain a better understanding of the types of patients and carers who might benefit from this type of support.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-experiments that assessed the benefits and harms of impregnation of CVCs in adults (aged 18 years and above) admitted to an ICU or oncology unit. We included one new study in this update. This review includes data from 57 randomised studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnant CVC. We found that the risk of blood stream (CRBSI) was reduced by 2% to 10% with the use of an impregnated CVC, with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%) and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). The risk of colonization of the CVC was increased by 9% to 12%. There was no difference between groups in terms of sepsis (infection of the blood), all-cause deaths or catheter-related infections. However, there were no studies that assessed whether or not there were any side effects. There were no deaths or side effects in the group of adults who received long-term parenteral nutrition. There was low to unclear risk of bias in the studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter types that were being assessed. The findings of this review are based on high- to very high-certainty evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of interventions that aimed to improve the health outcomes in low- to middle- to high-income countries. We found 15 RCTs, with a total of 9261 newborns and 3664 pregnant women. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. All the studies took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study sites were mainly in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism or bias due to favouring one treatment over the other) and were of very low to very low certainty. None of the studies looked at whether any of the interventions had any differences in the effects of low- and very low-certainty evidence. There was no evidence of an effect on health outcomes for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length. There were no studies that looked at how much or how much of a difference there were made to how long people were able to walk, how long they could walk, or how many days they had to spend in the children’s home or in the mothers’ home. There is a need for high- and high-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term studies that look at the impact of interventions on the health of lower- and middle-income groups.
Twelve RCTs (1023 adults) with venous leg ulcers were included in this review. Pooled data from five RCT (418 adults) showed no difference between foam dressings and hydrocolloid dressings in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks. There was no evidence that foam dressers were superior to other types of dressers in terms of ulcer healing. No evidence was found for any of the other comparisons that have been used in the review, such as: paraffin gauze (two trials); hydrocapillary dressings (one RCT); knitted viscose dressers (one trial); and protease modulating matrix (one randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-blinded) dressings. No adverse effects were found when foam dressments were compared with other dressers. No included RCT had a low risk of bias. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is needed from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials, that use methods to minimise bias and report outcomes clearly, before any conclusions can be made.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any medicine used to treat IBD with a fake medicine (placebo). We found no RCTs that assessed the effects of the withdrawn COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib in patients with IBD. One RCT (159) compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. After 12 weeks of treatment, 17% (14/82) of the IBD group compared to 19% (15/77) in the placebo group had an IBD flare-up (‘exacerbation’) of their IBD symptoms, compared to 29% (13/82%) in the control group. A GRADE analysis showed that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). There was no difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxib (200 mg twice a day) and placebo in the number of exacerbations (’exacerbations‘) that led to the need for a new IBD course or flare-ups. The evidence from the other RCT was of very low or very low quality due to differences in the types of people studied and the length of treatment. There was also no evidence that there was any difference in the occurrence of side-effects between the treatment groups. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised trials that included adults (aged 18 years and over) who had a non-infected ulcer. We found 22 randomised, double-blind, non-randomised trials with a total of over 2310 people. The trials were generally small (from 4 to 317) and lasted 4 to 24 weeks. Six of the 22 trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one of the other trials included both infected and uninfected ulcers; and the other 13 of the trials did not report the number of ulcers. The evidence from five trials suggests that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with non-antimicrobial dressings. This was the case when the wound was not infected at the start of the trial (5/945) and when the ulcer was not treated with any other type of dresser. There was no evidence on adverse events or other outcomes. We judged the evidence to be very low-certainty due to risk of bias and imprecision of results. This means that we are very unsure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of giving children (aged 12 to 18 years) with a diagnosis of pneumonia. We found six RCTs that included 5193 participants. We did not find any new evidence for this update. The evidence from the included RCT was of low- or very low-quality. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of these findings. The results of this review showed that, compared with a control group that did not receive any treatment, the risk of pneumonia increased by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia by 41%. This increase in risk was not seen in terms of the severity of the pneumonias (i.e. whether or not the pneumonia was caused by a cause other than pneumonia), but it may have been due to differences in the way the studies were carried out (e.g. age-specific fast breathing with or without lower lung indrawing). We found that, on the other hand, there was no change in the number of people who were confirmed to have pneumonia by a chest X-ray or confirmed by a blood test, but this may be due to the fact that the results of the X-Ray or X-rays were imprecise.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled, and long-term randomised trials of children under 18 years of age with acute LRTI. We found 10 studies including 33,179 participants that assessed the benefits and harms of low-dose and short-term (no more than 12 weeks) vitamin A for the prevention of this type of diarrhoeal illness. Low-dose vitamin A did not seem to be able to reduce the risk of LRTIs in children with poor nutrition or weight, but increased the risk in healthy children. This was not found in healthy people. Long-term follow-up was too short to allow us to draw any conclusions.
This review found that theophylline (an inhaled bronchodilator plus corticosteroid) is a relatively new drug that has not been used for long periods of time (i.e. for more than 12 weeks) and has been widely used in China to treat people with COPD. The findings of this review are based on 20 RCTs. Concomitant treatment varied from none to any other treatment. The main outcome measures were forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) and lung function. These improvements were seen with a wide range of treatments. Forced expirate (how much air a person can breathe out at rest and how long it takes to breathe), and the amount of oxygen in the blood (how long they need to breathe out and how far they can walk) both improved with treatment. There was a slight increase in the number of people who felt nauseous (nausea), but this did not seem to increase the risk of death or the need for re-involving help with their breath. The side-effects of treatment did not appear to be a problem in any of the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of oral and sublingual immunotherapies for the treatment of children with egg allergy. We found 10 RCTs that included a total of 439 children. Oral immunotherapy: - About half (82%) of the children in the oral immunotherapy group could eat a full amount of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% in the control group. - About 5% of the people in the placebo or no treatment group were able to eat at least half of their full dose of egg. Side-effects: - 75% of children had mild-to-moderate side-effects (such as diarrhoea, nausea and vomiting) in the treatment group and about 1 in 10 in 20 had mild to moderate side-events in the no-treatment group. SAEs (side-effects): - About 1 in 20 (16%) of people receiving oral and 2 in 10 (14%) in the sham (pretend) control group had a side-effect. - 1 in 15 (11%) had a mild to very mild side-side-effect (e.g. rash, fever, headache, rash, rash and rash) after oral and no more than 1 in 14 (13%) children had a moderate to very low (9%) to high (6%) to very high (7%) cases of diarrhoeas. The quality of the trials was generally moderate to high.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that included adults (aged 18 years and older) who received an ILR implant. We found four randomised trials with a total of 579 adults. Two of the four studies were conducted in the USA, one in Brazil and one in the UK. All four of the trials were funded by the manufacturer of the device used in all four of these studies. The evidence from these studies was of very low or very very low quality. This was due to the lack of data on death and the way the studies were carried out. We were not able to draw any conclusions on the risk of long-term deaths or quality of life from the data from any of the studies. There seemed to be a trend for fewer recurrences of syncope in people who had had an implant with ILR. The mean cost of the implant and the mean amount of arrhythmic (joint pain) were higher in the ILR group. Two studies seemed to show no difference in how well the implant worked, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and how the data were reported. The overall mean costs of the treatment were lower in the people who received ILR, but this did not seem to be the case for those who did not receive the implant. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all outcomes.
We found four randomised, double blind, non-blind, placebo-controlled randomised controlled trials (a type of study in which people are randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 275 adults with 282 hydroceles. All four studies were assessed to be of low or unclear risk of bias for the design, conduct and reporting of the studies. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of treatment used. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of cure rate (i.e. the number of people who were cured) or recurrences (infection) in the sclerotherapy group compared with the surgery group. One study showed a non-significant decrease in fever in those who received scleroscopy compared with surgery. There was an increase in the risk of having a new episode of fever in the operation group however this increase was not significant. Three of the four studies reported the frequency of pain in the operations group was higher than in the aspiration and sclerosteroid group but this did not seem to be due to the fact that this is a much older study than the other three. None of the included study was large enough to tell us whether or not there were any serious side-effects. The evidence from this review is up to date as of September 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of nebulised human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) for children with tracheal malacia and a bronchiolitis. We found one RCT (40 participants) that met our criteria for the review. We assessed it to be a RCT with low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and high risk of imprecision (low chance of bias). We did not find any RCTs on surgically resectioning of the diseased airway. We did find one trial on the use of rhDNase in children with severe life-threatening illness. This RCT did not show any difference in cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diaries and the mean number of days with no coughs and sputum in the day and the night were better in the placebo group, but the difference between groups was not large. Other outcomes, such as dyspnoea (shortness of breath), and difficulty in breathing, and lung function tests, were also better in favour of placebo. We are not able to say whether or not any of the therapies used in this review are useful. We do not know from the RCT whether any of them are safe.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 21 studies with 2658 participants that assessed the effects of some form of psychological, behaviour, and non-behavioural, psychosocial, and integrative, or both, treatments for CIDP in adults. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of any form of physical treatment. Fourteen studies looked at forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and the remainder looked at behaviour and third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychotherapy, and other types of treatment. Five of the studies compared the treatment to enhanced or structured care. The average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Participants in most studies, most of the people in the treatment groups were not aware of the group to which treatment they were taking part (known as 'usual care'), and this may have had a bias on the way the studies were carried out. For all studies, compared with usual care or a waiting list, the treatment resulted in less severe symptoms at the end of treatment and fewer drop-outs from treatment (about 5%). For other items, most studies were of moderate to low risk of bias. Adverse events were seldom reported. For some of the outcomes, there was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the trials. This could be due to bias in the methods used in the studies. For example, in some studies, it was not clear whether or not the treatment led to more or less drop-out of the trial. For other outcomes, such as behaviour and mood, there were no differences between the groups. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of low to very low quality. This was due to the nature of the treatments and the lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and assessors (i.e. the people who assessed outcomes were not masked from knowing whether they were in the intervention group or not).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and older) having a caesarean section for any type of breast cancer surgery. We included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to pool data from 39 of these studies (3027 adults) for analysis. We were able to calculate the risk of having PPP three to 18 months after an epidural (epidural is a device placed into the epidural space) for thoracotomy (surgery to open up the entrance to the womb) and we were not able to do this with any other types of local anaesthesia. However, we found that the use of epidural anaesthesia may prevent PPP for three to eight months after surgery, and it may reduce the number of people who need to be re-surgery because of PPP. We also found some low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty evidence for the effects of intravenous (intravenous) local anaesthetics. We found moderate- to high-quality data for the effect of giving intravenous or intranasal (injecting a drug into the vein) and high- or very high- to low-quality information for the other aspects of the care that is used in the care of people with breast cancer.
Twenty-eight randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled, or quasi-experiments involving 1742 participants were included in this Cochrane Review. The findings suggested that first-generation (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, olanzapine, ziprasidone, mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramine, and phenelzine sulfate), and omega-3 fatty acid were the most commonly used types of antipsychotics at the time of the trials. However, the findings were less clear as to whether or not these drugs were more or less likely to cause side-effects such as dizziness, somnolence, drowsiness, dry mouth, nausea, or dizziness when compared with first- or second-generation antipsychotic drugs. More research is needed to find out if these drugs can be used as add-on treatment to other types of treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of washout (saline or acid) or no washout on the rate of UTI or length of time each catheters were in place. We found seven RCTs involving 349 adults with urethral or suprapubic catheterias. We are uncertain if washout or acid washouts, when used with saline or acid, has an important effect on the number of UTIs or UTI in the urine. None of the trials assessed: amount of catheter use, washout use, amount of saline used, how long each catheter was in place, or how long it took for the catheter to come back to work. There were also no data on: number of days each person needed to be cared for in the first 24 hours after the end of the trial, or on how many days each participant had to spend in the ICU. Only one trial was free of problems with the way it was run, but there were problems with enrolling people into the trial and keeping them in the trial. There was no information on: how many people liked the washout solution, how many of the participants returned to work, or their quality of life. We assessed only three of the eight washout comparisons identified. Four trials assessed washout compared with either acid or saline or saline washout, and compared washout with each other. One of these, with 67 people, had very few people in the comparison group, so we were not able to draw conclusions about whether or not washout was helpful. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low to low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the risk of fatigue in adults and children with brain cancer. We identified 30 randomised studies that included 18,682 participants. Eighteen of these 18,573 survivors contributed to the main objective and 22 of the 22 studies contributed to our other objectives. We found that, in the subgroup of survivors of haematological cancer, survivors were more often tired than controls, but this difference was very small. In the subgroups of patients aged 16 and over (13,952) and of survivors aged 16 to 18 years (6,074) there was a 4.4% to 61.7% increase in the rate of tiredness. There was a 1.8% to 35.9% decrease in the number of survivors with depression in the group of survivors who were treated with antiepileptic drugs (4.6% to 21.1%) and a 0.0% to 10.3% decrease (2.0%) in the control group. We could not pool the results of these studies, so we have presented them in a meta-analysis. We also found evidence from four randomised trials that survivors of brain cancer were more likely to suffer from tiredness if they were in a group of people who were not severely fatigued (i.e. if and when they get tired) than in a control group that did not get tired. We were not able to pool the data from these four studies, but we found that in this subgroup survivors, survivors suffered more than in those who did not suffer from fatigue. We did not find evidence that the risk factors for tiredness increased with the age of survivors or in people with bone cancer or bone cancer in the longer term (over 18 years). We found evidence that depression was more likely than not to cause tiredness in survivors of these types of cancer, but it was unclear whether this was the cause for this finding. Studies were often of low or very low risk of bias, which means we have very low to very low levels of confidence in the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of prophylactic use of anti-biotics in children and adults with bronchiectasis. We found 36 RCTs involving 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotic used, the numbers of people in the treatment groups and the number of deaths in the control groups. Overall, we found that the use of antibiotics alone reduced the risk of RIs and deaths in both the group treated with them and the group that did not, but not in the group who did not. Antibiotics were not associated with any side effects. The risk of adverse events occurring as a side effect was not assessed in all trials.
We searched for randomised studies that looked at the effectiveness of any of these interventions. We found five randomised controlled studies that were of low to very low quality. Three of the studies looked at nursing homes and one looked at group dwelling units. Four of the trials looked at how well nursing homes worked and how well they were run. Two of the other three studies looked into how well the staff at the nursing home and in the group dwelling unit were able to provide care for their own care and how much PR they used. All five of the included trials were small and of low or very low or moderate quality. We were not able to combine many of the data from the trials as there were so few participants in each of the three groups and we were unable to draw conclusions about whether the studies were at risk of bias. We concluded that there was not enough evidence from randomised, well-conducted studies to support the use of PR in geriatric long-term care.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of glucocorticoid supplements in IVF. We found four RCTs, with a total of 438 women. Two of the trials (involving 310) had data in a form that we could not enter into the meta-analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) in total. One of the studies gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was not enough evidence to know whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.45 to 2.58). Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with a placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance after taking a placebo would be between 7% and 31%. There was no evidence of a difference in the chances of a live birth (OR 2.69, 95%, I2.0 to 3.0). There was also not enough data to know if there were any differences in clinical pregnancy rates (OR 3.32, 95%CI 0.12 to 91.0), or in the chance that the woman would have a multiple-pregnancy (OR 0.23, very low-quality evidence). None of the four trials reported OHSS or any side-effects. The side-effect rates were too low to be able to tell whether or not. The overall quality of the evidence was very low or low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of rhGH in adults (aged five to 23 years) with cystic fibroids. We found eight RCTs involving 291 participants, aged between five and 23 years old, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Six of the trials lasted for one year and two lasted for six months. The evidence from the trials showed that rhGH may improve some of the lung functions, but there was no difference between the two groups. Some measures of lung function showed improvement, but no difference was seen across all trials. There was some improvement in height for all comparisons, but improvements in weight and lean body mass were found only for the high-dose rhGH group. There is low- to very low-quality evidence for improvement of lung functions with rhGH, but this is likely to be due to the short-term (i.e. one year or less) and small number of people in the trials. None of the included trials have compared the costs of treatment to other forms of treatment such as exercise or no treatment, so we do not know if these are important. There may also have been problems with the way the trials were run and run, which could have had an impact on the results. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as very low to low for all of the outcomes.
We found 26 non-randomized studies with 1,695 participants that looked at three main outcomes: (1) absence of symptoms, (2) decrease in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1%) and (3) change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) (i.e. the amount of air that is pumped around the body by the lungs during the course of the day). In 18 studies, we found that removal from exposure may increase the chances that people will be free of symptoms for a few days or weeks, but not for a long period of time. This may be due to the fact that most of the studies were carried out in the late 1980s and early 1990s, meaning that not much has been done in the last 10 years to see whether or not people with cystic fibrosis are able to be weaned from the ventilator. In seven of the 26 studies, people were able to get out of the airway with the use of a mask, so that they did not have to return to their work. In ten of the trials, people had to leave their work for a short amount of time before they had to get back to work. This could mean that people were more or less likely to have to go back to their job if they were using a mask. We did not find evidence that people who had to be removed from their work were less or less ill, or that their symptoms were less, than those who were left in the airways. The evidence from these trials was of very low or low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of the use of proton pump inhibitors (PPI) to treat gastric acid. We found six RCTs that included 1758 people with mild to moderately nonerosive reflux disease. All participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. Five of the trials looked at on-demand deprescribing and one of them looked at quitting the drug. There was low evidence that on-need PPI may increase the risk of 'lack of symptom control' (i.e. not being able to control symptoms) when compared with continuous PPI use (five trials, 1653 people). There was a reduction in 'drug burden' (e.g. dyspepsia) and the amount of gastric juice (one trial, 1152 people) used per week with on-use of PPI compared with the same dose of PPI used for six weeks. There may be a decrease in the number of people who feel that their stomach was 'diseased' or 'burn-out'. There was no information on long-term benefits or harms from using PPI. None of the studies looked at how much of the drug was spent or how long it took for the drug to be stopped or how much it had to be used. There were also no data on how much the drug cost or how many people to stop taking it. We concluded that there was not a lot of data to draw any conclusions about the effects of using PPI for people with non-urinary reflux or milder grades of esophagitis.
We searched for randomised trials that compared any form of social skills training to standard care or to a control group that received no treatment or any other form of care. We found 13 randomised randomised controlled trials (studies in which one group of people with schizophrenia is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 905 participants. We compared social skills programmes to usual care, or to other types of care (such as care by a general practitioner or nurse). We found some very low to very low or very low/very low/moderate/high/low or very few studies that looked at social skills. Social skills training may improve the social skills of participants with schizophrenia and reduce the risk of relapse (return to hospital) and people’s mental state in the short to mid-term (i.e. the length of time it takes for a person to be able to perform a social skills test) in the long-term. There was no evidence that there was any difference in the rates of re-rehospitalisation or mental state between the groups. There may also have been differences in the way people were taught to socialise with others, such as how to wait for their turn, how long they were able to sit still and how long it took for them to get up from bed. This may have been due to the fact that participants and their carers were aware that they were in the treatment group and this may have affected the way they behaved and dealt with each other. There is a need for good quality, large-scale, well-conducted and well-reported trials to determine whether or not. This plain text summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray from RETHINK.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with tophi to have either a pegloticase or a placebo (pretend) infusion. We found two RCTs (a type of study in which people are randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We also found one RCT (a large, well-conducted, double-blind, multicentre, double blind, placebo-based study) that was at low risk of bias. This was the largest RCT to date. We were able to include in the meta-analysis data from two of the trials (a meta-analysing of data from 145 participants). We found that biweekly peglopicase 8 mg infusion reduced tophi in the subgroup of adults treated with placebo, but increased withdrawals due to side-effects in all participants, and monthly peglotics appeared to be less helpful. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more side-side effects than with placebo (15/85 participants with pegloidase versus 1/43 participants with placebo). Peglotics were not shown to be helpful in the other subgroup (the tophi group) that received placebo. We are not able to tell whether or not there is any difference between the groups in terms of pain, quality of life, serum urate (a blood test that records the amount of urate in the urine), or how long it took for the pain to resolve. There was no difference in how long the pain lasted between groups. There were no data from the other two groups for other than the tophi subgroup. We did not find evidence that any of the three groups were more or less likely to withdraw from the trial than the placebo group. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low for all outcomes. This means that the true effect of the treatment may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised trials of oral immunoglobulin alone or combined with IgA/IgA for the prevention of NEC in preterm or low birth weight infants. We found five studies on this topic, of which three were eligible for this meta-analysis. Based on these studies, we found that there is no evidence to support the use of IgA or IgA alone for the treatment of NEC.
This meta-analysis of five RCTs (involving 2197 women) found that the risk of death from hysterectomy or surgery to the pelvis was about one-seventh of that from the start of the trial. This means that, out of 1000 women with hystrectomy/surgery, on the first recurrence of the cancer, around 40% would be free of cancer after five years, compared with around 20% after surgery. On the other hand, around 50% of those who had surgery would be dead after three years, while around 50 % would be alive after four years. The risk of cancer recurrence is about the same whether or not the surgery is done. This could be due to the fact that there is a chance that the cancer will come back in the future or because the surgery has been stopped or not.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of these types of programmes. We found 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were done in low- and middle-income settings and 16 in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had lived with HIV for a long time, while others asked what they felt they would feel they would like from a digital health intervention. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They described sharing the messages with their friends and family, and said that messages should be free of charge. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that text messages should not be free. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be a factor. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about being able to use the phone and knowing whether or not they were using the phone. Some groups of clients, such as those with HIV, were asked about their views of the programme, and some were asked how much they liked the messages. Some people asked how they felt the programme. Some asked how many of the included in the study, how many times they had to return to work or how long it had to work, or how many days or weeks they needed to spend in school or work. They were often not told how they were in the trial, and this may have had an impact on how they answered the questions they were asked. Many of the trials in our review did not try to address the problems we found, and it is not possible to know whether this had an effect on the quality of life of the people taking part in the studies. We think it is unlikely that future studies will change these findings, so we think it would not be useful to look at them at all, but to try to find out for sure.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared methadone with any other opioid agonist or no treatment in people who are dependent on heroin use. We found 23 RCTs involving 2467 participants that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to combine data from three of the trials (386 people) that looked at the number of people who were abstinent at the end of treatment (three trials), the amount of time that people were not using heroin at six months or longer (three studies), and the degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms and side effects, although it was impossible to pool data for the last two of these. These findings were found when we looked at comparisons with other types of drugs that can be used to treat heroin use, such as adrenergic agonists or an anxiolytic (two studies), paiduyangsheng (one study), or an anticholinergic agonist (one trial). We were not able to pool the data for any of the outcomes that we thought were important. However, when we did this, we found that compared with a fake drug (placebo), there were more dropouts from the placebo group and more drop-outs to the metha-like drugs in the methade-like drug group than in the fake drug group. This means that the real drug is not as good as fake drug.
The reviewers found that the amount of sedation (heavy or light) and duration of anaesthesia (sedation and sedation) did not affect the rate of withdrawal from methadone or naltrexone, but that the risk of side effects (adverse events) with heavy sedation or light sedation is more than with other forms of detoxification. The high cost of anaesthetic-based approaches, both in terms of money and use of resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be used.
This review aimed to find out if there is evidence from randomised, double blind, placebo-based, long-term (three months or more) and short-term trials of the effect of this drug. We searched for all randomised trials that have been carried out to date to see whether or not this drug works. We found 14 randomised studies of this type. We did not find evidence that it worked any more or less well than other types of antipsychotics. It did not cause more weight loss. Its side effects did not seem to be any worse than those of other typical antipsychotic drugs. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to the small sample size, poor study design, and lack of reporting.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, or quasi-randomised, studies that looked at the benefits and harms of any type of skin bleaching treatments in adults aged 18 years or over. We found 20 randomised studies with a total of 2125 people. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, tretinoin, or fluocinolone acetonide, and combinations of these and other treatments (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional treatments (including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite). Each of these types of cream was found to be more effective at lightening melasma than a placebo cream alone. Triple-combin cream was more effective than a non-steroid cream when used alone, but not when compared to the two types of treatment used together. Azelaic acid (20%) was more likely than not to be of use when used on its own, but when used with other bleaching drugs, it did not seem to be as good as when the cream was used alone. There was no evidence that any of the treatments were more or less likely to cause side-effects than with placebo.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. Not all the participants were white and about 40% were men. The mean age of the patients ranged from 61 to 75 years. The main findings of the review were that in the first year after trabeculectomy there was a 4.1-fold reduction in the number of eyes at high risk of failure and those having surgery for the first time, and a 5.0-fold decrease in the risk of having a second surgery. There was no difference in the rate of surgery in the two groups treated with 5-FU. No surgery was found in the group treated with combined surgery. However, there was an 8.5-fold increase in the amount of pressure that the eyes felt when they were placed back in their head after surgery and this may have been due to the use of a mask placed over the lens of the eye. There were no studies that looked at the cost of the surgery or how long it took for the surgery to take. The quality of the evidence from the trials was not high. This was mainly due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
This review found that inhaled corticosteroids (i.e. long-term) did not seem to reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) may reduce the number of flare-ups (flare-ups) of COPD, although there was no difference in the risk of death. There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal and hoarseness (joint pain) in the ICS group compared to the placebo group. In addition, there was an increase in the chance of a fungal (wound) rash.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of NSAID with any other type of medicine used for primary dysmenorrhoea. We found 80 RCTs (5820 women) that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. They compared 20 types of NSAIDs (18 non-selective and 18 COX-2-specific) with placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or good pain relief, between 45% and 53% of those taking NSAIDs will achieve good pain reduction. This means that if 10% of people taking placebo have side effects, between 11% and 14% of them will do so. There was no difference in side effects (overall side effect rates) between the groups treated with NSAIDs and placebo. However, NSAIDs were associated with more side events (such as headache, dizziness, drowsiness, dry mouth and nausea) than with other types of medicine. There were no data to show whether or not there was any difference between any of the groups in terms of quality of life. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was because most of the evidence was based on very few randomised trials with small sample sizes.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised, controlled trials that compared high versus low levels of PEEP in adults admitted to an ICU with ARDS. We found seven randomized, double blind, and non-randomized trials that met our inclusion criteria. In five of the studies (2417 adults), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the other two studies (148 adults), the volume of the PEEP was different between high- and low-level groups. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although the number of ventilator-free days showed no difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the ICU. The subgroup of adults in the low- and high-pEEP groups showed decreased deaths in the intensive care unit, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory method involving a low- to very low-volume PEEP. The data showed that high levels, as compared with low levels, did not reduce deaths or the risk of barotrauma (headache), but rather improved oxygenation to the first, first, third, and seventh days of treatment. This review indicates that the studies included in this review were diverse.
This is an update of a review first published in 2010. We searched for new evidence in March 2015. We found 42 randomised, double-blind, double blind, controlled randomised studies that assessed the benefits and harms of HES and other HES treatments in people with AKI. We reran the search in April 2016 and found 23 new studies. Overall, there were 19 new trials in the HES group and 20 new studies in the other groups. There was an increase in the need for RRT and the risk of AKI in people treated with HES compared to those treated with other treatments. The risk of meeting urine output and creatinine based RRIFLE-R (risk) criteria for AKI was lower in people receiving HES than in those who did not receive HES. However, when RCT and AKI urine output based outcomes were excluded as part of a HES treatment plan, there was no evidence in favour of either HES or AKI based RCT. The risks of adverse events, such as low blood counts, low white blood cell count and low white cell count, were no greater in the group treated with HBV and HBV based RRT than in the control group. The quality of evidence was moderate to high.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of Rheum officinale or angiotensin-converting enzymes (ACEi) in patients with CKD up to September 2014. We found nine studies that enrolled 682 adults. We did not find any studies that were of high risk of bias. Seven studies were judged to be at low risk of incomplete reporting of outcomes; three of these three trials had a low-risk of bias; and the other trials were judged free of other bias. Compared with no treatment, compared with captopril or ACEi, RHEum officinusale had a positive effect on SCR and BUN. No data were available on all-cause deaths or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in the studies in which this drug was used. The evidence is of low or very low quality due to the lack of data and the low number of events.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and cross-over trials of the IQCODE test in adults (aged 18 years and over) with a high risk of Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia. We searched for studies up to May 2015. We found 13 papers, with data from 2745 adults (50%), that tested the short (16-item) versus the longer (26-item). We found no differences in how well the test worked, how well it worked, or in the language of giving the test. We also found that the test was better than the test in terms of how well people were able to recognise those who were at risk of dementia and how well they were doing in their daily life. However, the studies were small and the way they were done was not as well described as it should have been. This may have been due to the fact that many of the people in the trials were not aware of whether or not they were taking part in the study, which could have affected the way the results were measured and reported. There was also a lot of variation in the types of people who were included in the studies, and how the study was carried out. This means that it is difficult to tell whether the test is accurate in the long term.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults with stroke. We found three RCTs (experiments in which people are randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) involving 91 adults. All three studies were conducted in the UK, and all three were carried out in adults who had had a stroke (stroke survivors) for more than six months. All three of the trials were small, with a number of hundred and forty people in them, and were of 'low or very low quality. This means that the results may not be valid for many of the other outcomes that we looked at. We did not find evidence that any of the different types of treatment improved arm movement or decreased arm spasticity in the longer term. None of the studies looked at the risk of unwanted side effects such as falls or injuries to the limbs or the head or neck. The studies did not look at how long the arm was left in place after the stroke, or how long it kept the arm in place (known as a'muscle dystocia'), or how far the arm could reach before the stroke (called a 'non-movement' (i.e. not being able to move the arm or hand). We found no evidence for how much longer the arms and legs were left in the arms or hands after stroke. The quality of the evidence was 'low' or'very low' for all outcomes. This was due to the small numbers of people in the trials and to high risk of bias.
This review could not derive clear results from randomised trials for the treatment of HBV after liver transplantation. This is because all trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were large enough to show a difference between lamivudine and HBIg or adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12-month of treatment. No meta-analyses were performed, and no meta-analysis could be done, as the trials assessed different comparisons.
Searches identified 13,306 citations. Fifteen publications (1060 participants) were included in the review. All studies had high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (with or with metformin) with or with placebo did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. There was some evidence that there was evidence that SU caused earlier (at three months) and later (at 12 months) loss of control of blood sugar levels (glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) from baseline to the end of treatment, for instance, there was no difference in the proportion of people who needed to be treated with HbA2c compared to oral treatment, but there was some low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty evidence that people treated with SU had lower blood glucose levels (hypoglycaemic) than those treated with placebo. Adverse events such as diarrhoea, high blood sugar and high blood pressure were all more frequent in the group treated with SBO patients than in the control group.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (a type of study in which people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the benefits and harms of interventions aimed at reducing the use of alcohol in young adults (18 years or over) with the aim of reducing the number of binge drinkers. We found 70 randomised studies, with a total of 44,958 participants. The mean age of participants ranged from 17 to 18 years. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2016. We have found that there is no evidence from randomised controlled trials that reducing the amount and amount of drinking and drinking among young adults is successful in the short term (i.e. for four or more months). However, there is some low- to very low-certainty, moderate- to high-to-low-quality, evidence from non-experiments that there may be some short- and long-term benefits. There is some moderate- and low-quality evidence that there are some benefits in reducing the chances of binge drinking and binge drinkers in the long term. However, the quality of evidence is low to moderate. This is due to the small amount of data available, and the risk of bias of the studies.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults (aged 18 years and older) who had had a THA. We found three RCTs with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THA in the first 12 months after their surgery. One study (81 adults) looked at the effects of the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions. This study did not find any incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the initial 12 weeks after the surgery. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if the use of hip-procedures improved function or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) in the 12 weeks following surgery. We are also uncertain if perceived satisfaction in the rate of recovery differed in the group of adults who were not prescribed equipment and restrictions compared to the group who were. One of the studies (265 adults) compared the provision with and without the prescription of post-surgery devices. This trial did not measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operations rates or total adverse events. The number needed to treat for an outcome (NNTB) = 7. The evidence presented with the evidence was of very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether or not the results are valid. One large, well-conducted and well-reported RCT was not included in this review. This meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of providing hip-provider care for people with thoracic or large-for-gestation (THA) after surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of LNG-IUDs in all types of endometriosis. We found three RCTs that met the criteria for this review. In two of these trials, there was a reduction in the recurrences of painful periods in the LNG. IUD use did not seem to increase the proportion of women who were satisfied with their LNG treatment but did seem to decrease the number of men who dropped out of the trial. In one of the trials, women receiving LNG had lower pain scores compared with those receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not reach the level that would make a difference. The evidence from the included RCT was of moderate to high strength. This means that we can be fairly sure that the true results are close to what we found, although more well-conducted trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised, non-experiments that looked at the effectiveness of any intervention that aimed to change the amount and amount of food or drink that people consumed. We found 24 RCTs, with 20/24 people (17/24) having concerns about risk of bias. All of the studies were carried out in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. Most studies (4/6) looked at snack foods or drinks. Most (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drinks were placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line (e.g. how far away the food was from the participant; how far the drink was carried out and how much it was consumed; how much of the foods were consumed; and how many participants were of low or very low levels of deprivation. The evidence from this updated Cochrane Review is up to date as of March 2016. We reran the search in March 2017. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update the review.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-randomized trials of antiretroviral drugs to reduce the risk of HIV/AIDS. We found no studies that assessed the effects of any of these three types of drugs. The use of PEP is based on a four-week treatment with zidovudine, which has been shown to be a safe and effective treatment for people at high risk of developing HIV. However, the use of this drug has been found to have adverse events such as blood clots in the veins and in the lungs, and the need for a blood test to check blood flow to see if there is blood in the urine. Due to the lack of studies, we are not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not any of the three-drug regimens used in the treatment of people who have been exposed to HIV.
This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We searched for new evidence in 2015. We found no new trials. For the first, we wrote to the researchers to find other randomised trials. We also wrote to them to see if they had any studies. We included randomised controlled trials in any language that looked at the effect of CBT on mood and mood of adults with chronic pain. We wrote to researchers and looked through book chapters and book chapters to see what other treatments might be useful. We did not find any new studies. The evidence from the trials we found is weak. Behavioural and non-behavioural treatments did not seem to have any effect on mood or mood when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list. There was a small improvement in mood when CBT was used, but this was not maintained at six months. There is some weak evidence that CBT may have a small effect on pain, but not on mood, when used as an add-on to non-medicine treatments. There may have been problems with the way the trials were done and run. This means that we do not know if the findings are true.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, non-experiments that aimed to reduce the amount of salt in the diets of people with cystic fibroids. We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 15 randomised trials that included more than 260,000 people. We assessed the risk of bias in all of the studies, and found that all but 10 of the trials had a high or high chance of bias. Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post-interventions, ranging from 1.15 grams a day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams/day less (Ireland). However, in both countries the data point for the reduction in salt consumption was from several years prior to the start of the study. The other eight studies did not show a change. In men, five interventions (Austria, China, Finland, France, UK, and USA) showed a lower mean salt intake, but in three of those studies, the change was not significant. In women, three of the 10 interventions showed no change. Of those three studies, one showed a higher mean increase in salt use. In Switzerland and the USA, the average increase was 0.80 grams per day more per person. In Finland and the UK, the mean increase was 1.5 g/day more than in the USA. In both the USA and Finland, the increase was higher than in both the UK and USA. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to moderate. This was due to differences in the way the studies were designed and run, as well as variation in the direction and size of the effect across the studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and older) with bruxism. We identified 18 RCTs, but we found only seven RCTS that met our inclusion criteria. These were small, with a total of 16 participants. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol and levodopa were compared with a placebo (fake medicine) or with each other. These drugs were no better or worse than placebo in terms of reducing the number of people who had Bruxism in the first half of the day or the first few days of the study. The studies did not report on whether or not any of the drugs had any side-effects. The main side-effect of these drugs was dizziness, somnolence or drowsiness, which occurred in about a third of the people in each of the groups in each study. We found no evidence that the drugs were any more or less likely to cause side effects in children or adults than in the group treated with a fake medicine. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small size of the trials and the fact that many of the studies had a cross-over method, which could exaggerate the findings.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, or quasi-randomized trials of omega-3 fatty acids in adults (aged 18 years and older) with atypical or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). We found 10 randomised trials with 1015 adults that met our inclusion criteria. We assessed some of the studies as being of high risk of bias due to shortcomings in their design and conduct. We found no differences in all-cause deaths (longest period reported) with the use of an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega3 fatty acid and antioxidants. We are not able to draw conclusions about whether or not immunonutform is beneficial for the prevention of HIV due to the low number of deaths and deaths due to any cause. There is a need for well-conducted, well-reported, large-scale, long-term, and long-lasting randomised studies to answer this question. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2018.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised, non-experiments that looked at the accuracy of any of these methods in people with AE. We found 33 randomised studies that tested the ability of the methods to answer these types of questions. We were able to calculate the proportion of people with at least one AE when an initial open enquiry was used, but we were not able to do this when the AEs were used more often or more often. This means that we do not know if the methods used when an AEs are asked are as good as when they are not asked. We are not sure if the studies used the same methods in the same way. We do know that when more than one AEs is asked, more AEs will be found. This is likely to be due to bias in the way the studies were carried out. We also know that there is a chance that when an AE is asked more often and more often than when there is no AEs, the AE may be missed. This could mean that we are less able to tell whether or not there are AEs or not.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that assessed the effects of any intervention to reduce the number of seizures in people with epilepsy. We found 582 records from the databases and searched for 10 more records from other databases. We searched for studies up to March 2017. We included 381 records in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract of the abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We identified one case-control study at high risk of bias. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls showed that the presence of nocturnal supervision may reduce the risk of having one or more seizures. This may have been due to the fact that the person supervising the child was not aware of the night-time and day-time activities of the child. We could not be sure whether this had an impact on the change in changes to anxiety, changes to depression, and quality of life. We were not able to assess changes to changes in changes in mood, changes in the person’s mood, or change in the way the child felt about his or her own well-being. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to moderate for all outcomes. This was due to problems with the design of many of the studies.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, cross-over, controlled trials (RCTs) that compared autogenic drainage to any other treatment in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found seven RCTs, with 208 adults. The age of the adults ranged from seven to 63 years. Six of the studies enrolled adults who were clinically stable (i.e. not showing signs of disease) whilst in one of them there had been a flare-up (exacerbation) of the disease. In the other six of the trials, there were participants who had been admitted to hospital with an exacerbation. The studies were carried out between four days and two years. The length of follow-up ranged from four days to 12 months. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a crossover design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants to the type of treatment used. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. There were no differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes assessed, except when autografting (postural drainage) was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the individual. As such, this intervention merits systematic review to ensure its effectiveness for people with CF.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, non-experiments that compared any form of CBT or non-CBT treatment with any other form of GAD. We found 25 randomised studies, with a total of 1305 participants. Based on 13 studies, we found that CBT was more effective than TAU/WL in the short-term (i.e. up to 12 weeks) and in the long-term, in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. However, the body of evidence for this review is small, and the types of psychosocial and non-cBT treatments used in the CBT studies are varied. This means that we are not able to draw conclusions about which form of treatment is the best to use for people with GAD at this time.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, or quasi-randomised, trials of the progestogen (progestogen or placebo) treatment of women with early (three or more) miscarriages. We found 12 trials involving 1,856 women. Eight of the trials compared treatment with a fake medicine (placebo or no medicine) and the remaining four trials compared progestogens with no treatment. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-centre trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five trials women had had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the other four of the studies, women had suffered two or more miscarriages during or after the second or third trimester. The length of treatment ranged from a few days to six months. The studies were at low risk of bias (low chance of bias) for most aspects of the way the trials were done. The meta-analysis of all the trials, which pooled data from all the women, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women with a two- or three- or four-week miscarriage when given progestagen compared to placebo/no medicine. However, a subgroup analysis of 10 trials (1684 women) showed that there was no difference in the risk of having a third or more miscarriage in the 10 trials in the subgroup of women who received either a placebo or a non-placebo medicine compared to the group of women in the group that did not receive a medicine. None of the included trials reported on any secondary outcomes for the women or their babies, such as severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or fertility. There was no clear differences between groups for any of the two groups in the trials. The evidence from the trials was of moderate- to high-certainty. This means that the true effect of the treatment may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for studies that assessed the effects of psychosocial interventions in pregnant women who were using drugs to reduce their use of drugs in the first 28 days of life. We found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine of these studies (704 adults) looked at the effectiveness of a multidisciplinary treatment (such as a CM) and five of them (594 adults) examined the use of a multi-faceted treatment (MIB), which aims to improve the well-being of women and their babies. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of non-drug treatments. For the most part, we were not able to tell if studies were well-conducted as there were not often reports of such outcomes. For studies that did look at birth rates, no differences were found in pre-term birth rates (birth rates at 37 weeks and 0 days gestational age), or low birth weight (low birth weight). However, the results did show that neonates were less likely to remain in hospital for longer in the days after the birth in the CM group compared to the MIB group. There were no differences seen at the end of treatment in the numbers of babies that were still in the neonatal care, or in the number of babies who were still free of drug use. These findings held for both CM and MIB when taken alone. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of the transradial approach with the transfemoral method in people with CIDP or PCI. We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 people. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for many aspects of the way the studies were carried out. The overall quality of the evidence was high for the short-term (i.e. up to 30 days of follow-up) and all-cause deaths, but the risk of myocardial infarction (heart attack) was the same for both groups. The number of deaths from any cause was about the same between the groups, but there was a lower risk of having a heart attack. There was no information on the long-term effects of the treatment on the need to restart the heart or the amount of blood pumped around the body. The quality of evidence was very low to moderate for all outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of palliative care for adults (aged 18 years and over) with advanced dementia. We found one RCT (99 adults) that looked at the effects of a pallative care team (participants in the intervention group and in the control group) for adults with an acute illness. This was the first study of this type of care, and we were not able to pool the data from the trials. We did not find evidence that a palative care plan changed the risk of death in hospital, the need for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (the need for a heart or lung tube to be re-analysed) or the clinical care that participants received during their stay in the hospital, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One study (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) looked into the effect of a decision aid (a tool that is used to help adults to make a choice) for the care of their carers and carers with their carer. This study did not measure the same outcomes, so we do not know whether or not interventions had an effect on outcomes for these families. The evidence from this review is of very low certainty. This is because there were problems with the design of both trials, and there were only a small sample sizes, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. There is a need for large, well-conducted RCTs that measure outcomes for all adults with early-stage (18 to 65 years) and for all over the age of 18 years that measure all outcomes.
This meta-analysis of three well-conducted randomised trials did not find any difference between the two types of treatment for metastasis-free and recurrence-free breast cancer in terms of survival, but there was an increased risk of neutropenia (low white blood cell count) and a decrease in white blood cells (neutrophils) in the RT group compared with the CT group. However, there did not seem to be a difference in the risk of death or recurrences between the groups treated with RT and CT.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of CrP on body weight and fat loss in adults with overweight or obese. We found nine RCTs involving a total of 622 adults. Three RCTS compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a placebo (fake medicine) and the other trials compared a CrP dose of 200 µg, 400 µg or 500 µg with a normal dose of 1000 µg. The trials were randomised, which means that the true effect of the treatment may be quite different from what this review shows. The average follow up time in the trials ranged from a few weeks up to 24 weeks. We focused this review on finding out if CrP works in general, and we analysed the effects of all pooled CrP doses compared with a fake medicine (placebo). We found low- to very low-quality evidence that body weight increased in people who took CrP compared with those who did not. There were no clear differences in body weight, body mass index, percentage of body fat and change in waist size. We did not find any evidence on death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that we found no evidence to guide us to make any firm conclusions about whether or not CrP is useful in the management of weight loss in obese adults.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted studies that looked at the benefits and harms of any type of antiseptic treatment for wounds that had been cut open. We found 11 randomised studies with a total of 886 people. The results of the review showed that there was no clear difference in the time to wound healing between groups. There was some evidence that more open wounds were healed when a honey-soaked gauze dress was used to dress wounds and more of the wounds healed when treated with a Dermacym®-treated foot ulcer. However, there was also some evidence of a reduction in the mean length of hospital stay in the honey group. One study found that sucralfate cream increased the chances of the wound healing after haemorrhoidectasis (wound abscesses) and resulted in lower wound pain when compared with a sulphonamide cream over three weeks. This evidence was assessed as being of low or very low quality. We also found no clear evidence of differences in the risk of adverse events such as thromboembolism (infection or thrombophlebitomia) between the treatment groups. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of any other types of treatment because there were so few events.
We searched for evidence from randomised trials that compared any of these three types of treatment to each other. We included five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. Three of the studies were on the use of amniocentesis, one on terbutaline tocolysis and one on use of a continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Each of these was assessed in a large, well-conducted study. There was no evidence of benefit for any of the three groups of treatments. The same was found for the other two types of treatments - intramusculous progesterone and hexoprenaline. The review concluded that, in the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use the methods and techniques they are most likely to use and make changes to them if there is evidence that the treatment is safe and effective.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 10 randomised and non-RCTs studies that assessed the benefits and harms of giving folic acid and other micronutrients to pregnant women who were consuming maize flour. We included 10 RCTs and three non-randomised studies. We reran the search in April 2018. We will deal with the three studies of interest when we next update the review. We did not find any new evidence. We were able to use data from five of the 10 studies to assess the risk of problems with the tube. None of the trials looked at the number of tubes that leaked, and none of the non-rCTs looked at how often or how long the tubes were left in place after the birth. We are very uncertain whether giving women with a healthy, full-term, or very large-for-gestation (pregnant) baby with high levels of erythrocyte (i.e. folate) folate has an impact on the chances of having a baby with a baby that has no brain, spina bifida (wound), or encephalocoele (ie, brain damage). We were not able to draw conclusions about how often the tubes leaked, how often they were re-cleared, or how often and how long it took for the tubes to heal. Most of the evidence was of very low or very low-certainty. This was due to problems with how the studies were carried out and carried out.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (where people with cystic fibroids are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the benefits and harms of screening for CF. We identified six randomised trials, but we were not able to pool results. We were able to combine data from two trials (involving 1,124,483 neonates) that could be used to answer the question of whether or not people with CF had CF who had been screened. This is an update of a review first published in 2013. We found that screened adults with CF were more than twice as likely to have good lung function and to have normal lung tests (i.e. not showing signs of lung cancer) than those who were not screened. At age seven, 88% of screened adults and 75% of those not screened had lung tests that were normal limits of at least 89% predicted. Over time, chest X-rays were worse in the screened group. In screened adults colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a type of cancer) occurred earlier. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for the type of people screened, how often and how hard they were screened, and for how often they were colonised. Screening seems less expensive.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of diastolic blood pressures (lower than 120 mmHg) or'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in adults with diabetes. We found five randomised trials, with a total of 7314 people. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 53 to 70 years. Only one of the trials (ACCORD) looked at outcomes that could be measured directly, such as stroke, heart attack or death. This was a multicentre, double blind, multicentred randomised controlled trial of 4734 adults. This review found that, despite achieving a lower systolic blood pressure target, people with diabetes who achieved a higher blood pressure were more likely to have a stroke or have a heart attack. There was a trend to lower the number of deaths in the group that reached the 'lower' target, but this did not seem to affect the risk of stroke. There were more non-cardiac events (such as heart attacks and strokes of the heart or the lungs) in the lower target group, but there was no clear reduction in these events. There is a lack of data to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of lower and higher blood pressures in the long-term (over several years).
This review found that non-removable casts healed more quickly and healed more of the foot ulcers in the short term (up to 7 months), but not in the long term (more than 7 months). More ulcers remained healed at 2 years in this group than in the group that had a removable cast. There was no evidence to suggest that any of the other comparisons made a difference. Non-remable, pressure-relieving casts are more likely to heal a foot ulcer than removable casts, or dressings alone.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any type of non-medicine treatments for cancer. We found five RCTs (involving 235 women with breast cancer) that met our criteria for the review. All five of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouring one treatment over the other) and were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. We assessed the results of these trials and found that, compared to women on a wait-list, those who received a computer-assisted cognitive training intervention showed improvements in cognitive function, and in mental well-being, compared with those who did not receive this type of training. We did not find evidence for improvements in physical well-well-being or in the quality of life of women with cancer who were on a waiting list. We also found improvements in self-reported and verbal-memory, self-assessed cognitive function and spiritual health. However, we found no evidence for any of the other outcomes that we thought were important for patients and their carers. Overall, the studies were of low or very low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. Larger, multi-site, well-conducted studies are needed in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this treatment. There is a need to conduct research in this area.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of adults (aged 18 years and over) with schizophrenia who received piperacetazine or chlorpromazine for at least 12 weeks. We found five randomised trials, all from the 1970s, that randomised 343 adults to receive chlorpromazepine or pipersacetazine. Only short-term (12 weeks) data were available. Results from the included trials found that, when assessed by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between the two treatments in terms of change in global state. Chlorpromazine appears no worse or more effective than pPP. In both groups, around 60% of participants had at least some sort of side-effects, with approximately 40% of these people experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement problems (such as tremors, dizziness, somnolence and drowsiness). No clear difference in numbers of people leaving the study early for any reason was seen. No data were found for change in side-effect rates or economic costs. The findings of this review show the results of this Cochrane Schizophrenia review may be based on very small numbers of participants and the evidence is very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. More high quality research is needed.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 adults. Of these, 102 had a colorectal stent placed in the colonic colonic stent group and 105 in the emergency surgery group. The stent placement was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements and was 3.55 days more successful than emergency surgery. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There was no difference in the 30-day death rate between the two groups. The length of stay in hospital was 11.53 days in the stent and 17.15 days in hospital. The mean procedure/operation time was 113.93 minutes in the stool stent compared to 143.85 hours in the treatment group. There were no complications in either group and the number of stents needed to be re-insertion due to blockage was 39.22% in the rectic group and was 45.71% in this group. Overall, the use of a stent resulted in significantly less blood loss.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised women with PCOS to receive either human albumin or HES or mannitol. We found nine RCTs (1867 women) that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any studies that looked at OHSS in women who had no OHSS or were at high risk of OHSS (i.e. if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will be about 32% (27% to 38%) with the use of HES and about 5% (2% to 10%) with HES. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will reduce to about 9% (6% to12%). There was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. There was evidence of a reduction in OHSS when HES was used as an add-on to HES, though there was no difference in pregnancy rates between groups. We also found that there was a decrease in the chances of having a child with low sperm counts (pregnancy) and low sperm count (fetal sperm count) when using HES compared to no treatment. We were not able to tell whether or not there was an increase in other OHSS risk factors, or whether there was any effect on OHSS. The overall, the evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcomes assessment.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of sclerosant drugs in people with cystic fibroids. We found 10 studies involving 484 people. There was no evidence from any of the trials that any one scleroacidic agent was more effective than any other. However, there was some evidence from one of the studies that polidocanol (an alkyl polyglycolic acid) was more likely to cause side effects than other sclerotic drugs, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS), a synthetic amino acid, had no more pain than placebo. One study suggested that STS at a dose of 1% caused more side-effects than lower levels of the drug (0.5%). There was some low- to very low-certainty data from one study that showed no more side effects with STS than with placebo. None of the evidence from the other studies included in this review suggested that patients were more or less satisfied with sclerotics than with other types of drugs.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-randomised, placebo-controlled, and quasi-blinded (experiments in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) trials of salbutamol, bicarbonate, insulin-dextrose, or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) in adults (aged 18 years and over) with high blood potassium levels. We found seven randomised studies with a total of 241 adults with high levels of potassium in the urine that were of sufficient size to be included in this meta-analysis. Meta-analysis of these seven studies was not possible due to heterogeneity of the treatments and because many of the studies did not report enough data. No study assessed the efficacy of any of the drugs in reducing the number of deaths or arrhythmias (disease of the rhythm of the heart). However there is evidence that the use of several commonly used drugs, such as salbut amol, dextrose and biccinate, can reduce the amount of high-calorie (serum) levels in the blood. There is not yet evidence that any drug is more effective than other commonly used treatments.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-experiments that looked at the risk of thrombotic, or both, of having a catheter that leaked out of the CVC (catheters). We found 39 randomised studies, with a total of 4216 people. Antimicrobial and non-antibiotics were used in all types of catheters. The evidence from non-randomised studies suggests that when a catheter is filled with normal blood, the chances of having an CVC leak is about the same for both types of CVCs. This means that if the catheter leaks, the chance of catheter clrombosis is approximately the same whether or not there is a blood clot in the cathets. However, when the cathetters are filled with regular blood, there is probably a chance that there will be one or more blood clots in them. This is likely to be due to blood clotting in the blood, which can be caused by bacteria that infecting the blood stream. We found low- to very low-certainty data from 27 of the 39 studies, which means that we are unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of using antimicrobials on the number of people who die or have a clot in their CVC.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of pre-emptive and prophylactic treatment of CMV in people with CMV. We found 15 RCTs (1098 people) that met our inclusion criteria. Six looked at the effects of giving treatment before CMV occurred (standard care), eight looked at giving treatment after CMV had occurred (antibiotics and antifungal drugs), and one looked at oral and intramuscular treatment. The review found that, when CMV is given to healthy adults, the chances of having a CMV graft that fails to develop CMV are about the same as if the graft is not grown. There were no differences in the risks of all-cause deaths, graft loss, acute rejection or death from any cause. However, there were fewer cases of leucopenia (infection of the mucosa in the blood), which can be caused by CMV, with or without CMV treatment, when untreated. There was no difference in the number of people who died or were left with no CMV transplants between the groups treated with or not given CMV therapy. The evidence from this review is of moderate to high risk of bias. This is due to the small numbers of people in the studies and to the fact that not enough data were available to draw conclusions.
We found three RCTs involving 140 people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. There was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of the use of sweet potato for type 2 and 3 g/day preparations. There were no deaths or morbidity from any cause in any of the studies, but there may have been some bias in the way the RCT was run. We found no evidence of any serious side-effects from using sweet potato.
We searched for evidence from randomised studies up to May 2015. We included 19 studies, with a total of 4440 adults with cystic fibrosis. The age of the adults ranged from six to 63 years. Most of the trials were cross-over, which means that we could not pool their results. However, there were two long-term randomised trials with a number of years of follow up of one to three years. The average length of time that people were followed up ranged from seven to 65 years. In 13 of the studies, follow up lasted a day. In the other 13 studies, people followed up for less than one day. Most studies did not report on key outcomes such as quality of life or number of lung flare-ups (flare-ups). However, most of the people in the trials had adequate follow up, assessed compliance (how well they were able to follow up), and used an answer to their questionnaires. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the participants or the people who assessed how well people were doing, we were not able to tell whether or not the study was at risk of bias. There was no difference in lung function and the number of pulmonary flare-up between people who did or did not follow up. No evidence was seen in terms of sputum weight, airway oscillation (how much of the airway was pumped around the body), lung function, and oxygenation (oxygenation). More people preferred autogenic drainage than airway vibration; more preferred the active cycle of breathing; and more were comfortable with the use of a low-flow (shortness of breath) compared with high-flow ventilator (where the ventouse is pushed out from the chest). There were no studies that looked at how much weight people lost during the course of the treatment (how far they could walk, how long they could exercise, and how much they could run). All other outcomes were either not measured or had too few data to be able to draw any conclusions. Overall, we found that the treatment appeared to be as good as other types of treatment. There is not enough good-to-good evidence to be sure whether this is true or not.
Eight RCTs with 733 women in total were identified that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes to the standard insection method for IVF. The evidence from the trials showed that the chance of a live birth rate increased with co-inubation, but the chances of miscarriage (fetal or neonatal) were lower. There was no difference between the groups in the risk of miscarriage in the three trials that looked at this outcome. There were no miscarriages in either group in one of the other two trials. There is no evidence from this review that the need for co-coubation is related to increased chances of live birth or miscarriage in infertile women undergoing IVF cycles.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of newborns ventilated with a short (no more than 24 hours) or long (more than 48 hours) IT. We found five RCTs (involving 694 newborns) that addressed this issue. These studies showed that a long IT increased the chances of an infant’s lung leak. Babies ventilator-free at 24 to 48 hours after birth (with a short IT) had about one-seventh of the risk of a lung leak (i.e. a 20% to 30% increase in chances of a leak). Babies with a longer IT were about twice as likely to die in the first 28 days of life (an 8% to 20% increase on a 0-52 range). Babys with a shorter IT had about the same risk of death. We did not find evidence of an increase in the number of babies with BPD. However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are important for a number of reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (trials) that compared TFU with no TFU in people with cystic fibroids. We found 33 studies involving 5110 people. Many of the studies were of low or very low quality. This means that their results may not be reliable. Nevertheless, although some studies found that the TFU had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show that TFU does not seem to have important effects. There is a large variety in the types of TFU and the ways in which TFU is performed (the health care providers and their staff involved involved in the care of people with TFU, such as the person who worked in the clinic or the health care workers who did not work in the field). No side effects from TFU were found. We were not able to pool the results of many of the trials, so it is not possible to draw conclusions about whether or not TFU has any long-term effects.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, 'blinded' or quasi-blinded trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any of the six broad types of measures used to help people to stay in the trials. These were the addition of a non-monetary incentive, the use of other non-money measures such as a 'non-money' or'money' incentive, or a 'package' of questionnaires and reminder letters. There was no good evidence that the use or use of non-montelukast or 'enhanced' letters, emails or phone calls increased or decreased the number of people who returned to the questionnaires. As our analyses are based on randomised trials, the effect on the proportion of participants who were able to return to the trial sites and when a questionnaire was sent may need to be assessed as well. An open trial design, which is a type of study in which people are randomly put into one of two or more groups, appeared to be more effective than a blind trial design for return of the questionnaire in one of the two groups. We found no evidence that a phone survey was either more or less likely to be useful than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. There may also have been problems with the design of the trial that made it hard to tell whether or not there was a real effect. There is a need for well-reported, well-conducted and well-planned randomised studies that are large enough to be sure that they are real.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, cross-over, non-involving, controlled clinical trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of an airway device in adults (aged 18 years or over) who were in need of ventilator support for at least 48 hours after surgery. We found eight RCTs that included a total of 829 adults (416 in the pLMA and 413 in the cLMA groups) who underwent surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We did not find evidence that either of the airway devices were better than the other in terms of success to ventilate, need for ventilation, or the amount of time needed for the device to be used. We are uncertain about the effects of either of these types of device on any of the outcomes because there were very few events. We were not able to determine whether or not the devices were more or less likely to fail to insert the device, use of other devices, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. None of the studies reported post-surgery nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE, is low. This is mainly owing to issues with the design of the trials.
We included 19 RCTs, with a total of 1453 children. The mean age at the start of the trials ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Most of the children were aged between four and 18 years. The studies were carried out in the UK, Australia, Denmark, France, Greece, and the USA. Fourteen of these studies were included in the previous version of the Cochrane Review and the other 15 were not. Follow-up ranged from one to five months. We found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to improve their pain and quality of life than those given a fake medicine (placebo). There was also a greater reduction in pain and fatigue in the first three months after treatment in the probiotics group than in the placebo group. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low or very low quality. There was no evidence for improvements in pain or fatigue in any of the four types of probiotics. Probiotics seemed to be safe and well-treatable for the most part, with the exception of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides) and disaccharide and polyols (one study). We found no differences between probiotics and other probiotics in terms of side effects. We judged the studies to be at low to very low risk of bias. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2016.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of mass media interventions in reducing the level of bias in people with autism. We found 22 randomised studies involving 4490 participants. Most of the studies were carried out in middle- and low-income countries, and none in high- and middle-to-low-income groups. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 16 to 17 years. The findings from the five trials with the largest sample (1196 people) showed that mass media may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to the levels of bias from that associated with schizophrenia to that related to major depression. Results from the other 19 trials with small sample sizes showed that there may have been little or no difference between the groups treated with mass media and those who did not, but we could not be sure of this for many of the outcomes. We could not tell whether or not there were any differences between groups in terms of side effects or costs. None of the trials looked at how much or how much of a difference there made to the costs of the intervention. The evidence from our review is of low to very low quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, non-experiments that looked at the benefits and harms of home care for healthy and non-pregnant women. We searched for studies up to March 2016. We found 85 randomised studies that explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 of these looked at healthcare providers and 22 looked at both the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, with eight high-income and 18 middle-income countries, and 15 low- and low- or very low-certainty countries. Most of the studies were carried out in the USA, with one study in each of the three main subgroups: 1. Women’s perceptions of the value of the care they received from home care; 2. Whether or not they used the care that they received in the first time (whether or not) depends on whether or not the service they received was good-to-good, safe and well-reported. 3. What is home care and how might care for women and their babies? Home care is the provision of good- to-good care that is not dependent on the payment of informal fees. Providing good-quality, well-conducted, good-reported care to families and carers who care for their child in their home may be a way of bringing about change to the way in which families think about issues with care, such as how to look after their child, or how best to care should be provided. Providers may be able to provide home-based services that are well-treatments that are not being used in their own way. They may have the choice to do this, or not, as long as they do not feel the need to do so.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 people with SAH were included in the review; three of these were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Calcium antagonists reduce the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled, non-randomised, and quasi-randomized, randomised controlled trials. The overall risk of 'poor outcomes' was 19% for the oral treatment of nimoidipine alone, and 22% for other calcium antagonists. The evidence for the evidence for other oral treatments is not beyond all doubt, but, given the potential benefits and modest risks of this treatment and the fact that the results were imprecise, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not there is any benefit or harm from the use of these drugs.
We identified three RCTs (involving 739 children) that compared myeloablative treatment with either no treatment or a placebo (pretend) treatment. The first update of this Cochrane review found no new studies, while the second found one new study. This review found that there was a reduction in event-free survival (the length of time that a child lives with the tumour that has not spread to the lungs) and overall survival (time that the child remains free of cancer) in children treated with myeloabdominal myelodysplasia. There was no difference between the treatment groups in terms of side effects, but children in the treatment group had a higher risk of having a heart attack or a stroke. We did not find evidence of differences between the groups in the risk of death from any cause, but this may have been due to bias in the trials. We found no information on the effects of treatment on quality of life.
We searched for randomised trials that randomised adults (aged 16 to 78 years) with primary hepatocellular carcinoma to receive either TACE followed by 3-DCRT or TACE alone. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We found eight randomised clinical trials (with a total of 632 adults). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results are likely to be inaccurate. The average age of people in the trials ranged from 16 years to 78.3 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III (stage IIB) and IIIB (stage IIIB) cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The length of follow-up was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We found low- to very low-certainty results for all-cause deaths and tumour response. The number of deaths was lower in the TACE group compared with TCT alone, and there was no difference in the number of participants with leukopenia (low white blood cell count) and serum transaminases (infection). There was no evidence that TACE or TCT led to more side-effects. None of the trials reported serious side-effect events. The quality of the evidence was very low to low for all outcomes. This was due to the small number of trials and participants, and to the fact that we were not able to combine data from all trials.
We searched for studies that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of energy in the first few weeks after birth (up to three months of corrected age) in preterm or low birth weight (with or without signs of CLD/BPD) infants. We did not find any randomised trials that looked into this topic. However, one study showed that the growth of infants with CLD and BPD who were fed a high amount of protein and minerals had improved growth outcomes up until the end of the study. The other study looked at different amounts of energy and found no differences between the groups. It showed that both groups were not able to achieve the pre-designated feed amount and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema and the diuretic (wound) needs. To date, no trials have been found that look at the benefits and harms of different ways of increasing energy intake for preterm/low birth weight preterm babies with (or with) CLD or BPD. Therefore, no conclusions can be made at this time.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted studies that included adults (aged 18 years and older) who had a catheter or vein catheters placed in the arm or thigh. The evidence is current to March 2016. We found 13 randomised trials with a total of 2341 participants. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias, which means that their methods and results may be at risk of arriving at the wrong conclusions. For the subclavian vein, we found very low- to moderate-certainty data for most outcomes (femoral vein and femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes (subclavic vein N = 1, femoral ven N = 2) for most of the outcomes, moderate for one outcome and high for the other. The quality of evidence was very low to high for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the findings. For femoral veins, the evidence was of very low or very low quality for all of the results. This was due to problems with the way the trials were carried out and reported, and to differences in the designs of the studies. No evidence was found of a difference in the risk of total or other complications or in the first-time (first-time) success rates or the length of time it took to insert the catheter. There was also no evidence of a decrease in the number of attempts required to insert a catheter or the time taken to insert one or more times. There were no data for any of the other outcomes.
This is a Cochrane review of the evidence from 15 randomised, double blind, non-randomized, placebo-controlled trials of the effects of physiotherapeutic treatment for cystic fibroids. We searched for randomised trials up to March 2014. We found four randomized, controlled trials, with a total of 29 people, of whom 1456 had to be treated with either a standard intravenous or a non-steroid, and one study, with 181 people, had to use a verum skin patch. We reran the search in May 2015. We will deal with the one study of use when we next update the review. We did not find any new trials. There were no new trials in the first six months of this review. There are no new studies in the longer term. We have not found any new evidence for the use of physiosteroids in the long term or for the long-term. We are not able to say whether or not there is any benefit from their use. We do not know from randomised studies what the best dose to use and what is the best way to give a physiosteroid.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted, controlled trials of fibrates in adults (aged 18 years and over) with a high risk of CVD. We found 13 randomised trials involving 16,112 adults. Eleven of the 13 studies were conducted in the USA, two in Brazil, one in Germany, one each in Sweden, and one in the UK. All of the people in the trials had CVD and were followed up for at least 12 months. We reran the search in February 2016. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update this review. We included 13 randomized, double blind, well designed trials in the next update. We judged the risk of bias in all trials to be moderate. This means that the true results may differ a lot from what this review shows, but we do not think it will change the results. The risk of stroke, heart attack, or death from any cause was reduced by 50% with fibrate compared to placebo. This was the same for non-fatal stroke, myocardial infarction, and stroke. The chance of death from all causes was about the same, although the number of people who had a stroke or had had a heart attack was about twice as high. There was no evidence that any of the groups of adults who did not have CVD were more or less likely to have a stroke. We did not find evidence for a difference between groups in terms of the chance that clofibrate was effective in preventing stroke or heart attack. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all outcomes.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (trials in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of women having a caesarean birth. We found 12 randomised trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of bleeding. Nine of the trials (2453 women) reported the amount of blood loss, and three trials (832 women) looked at the number of women who lost at least 500 mL or 1000 mL of blood from the vaginal birth. The mean blood loss from the birth canal was more pronounced in the group of participants who had vaginal birth than in women who had CS. Mean blood loss (from birth to the first day after the birth) was less in the women who received TA than in those who did not, and this effect was the same whether they had a caeclampsia or not. There were less side effects such as nausea, dizziness and drowsiness in the TA group than in the no-treatment group. There was also less chance of needing a blood transfusion in the control group and there were less blood transfusions in the non-pregnant women. Overall, the studies were of moderate to high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised, controlled trials of amantadine or zanamivir in children and adults with flu. We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. Fourteen of the studies were funded by the drug manufacturers. The evidence from the studies showed that, in the short-term (i.e. three days), the use of rimantine was associated with a 10% to 30% decrease in the risk of having a fever for the first three days of treatment in the children, and a 38% to 40% drop in the overall risk for the other two groups. This finding was based on low- to very low-certainty, moderate- to high-quality, randomised trials. The results from the one large, well-conducted, long-term trial did not show a reduction in the number of children with fever on the first day of treatment. The side-effects of the drugs were not well established. Nevertheless, the quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well known.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found nine RCTs that included a total of 1512 women. Eight of these studies were at low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low chance of bias due to play of chance) and the other two were at high risk (there was a high chance of chance of play of play with chance). The evidence from the trials we found is of very low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain whether endometrial injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates. Endometral injury may improve the chances of having a baby in the future, however the results are very imprecise and the effects of the treatment have not been proven. When we compared hysteroscopy with endometrium injury alone, there was no evidence of a difference in the chance of pregnancy. There was no information on side effects. When endometral injuries was performed in the cycle prior to IUI compared to the same cycle as the IUI we found no difference between the groups for any of the two groups in terms of side effect rates. None of the trials looked at whether or not there were any side-effects. There is a need for high-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term randomised trials to determine the best way to reduce the risk of injury to the uterus.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included adults (aged 18 years and older) who were at high risk of pneumonia. We found four RCTs (3905 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. We did not pool the results from one study (834 adults), which was stopped at the end of the review due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to determine whether professional oral care resulted in a higher rate of non-pneumonia-related death (hernia) or increased the risk of first episodes of pneumonia over an 18-month follow-up. There was low- or very low-quality evidence from two of the included RCT studies that professional care may reduce the number of deaths due to pneumonia in the first 24 months of care compared with usual oral care. However, we were uncertain whether or not oral care may decrease all-cause deaths compared to usual care, when assessed at 24-month of care. Only one of the studies assessed adverse effects of professional care. The evidence from this review is of very low or low quality. This is due to the small numbers of people in the studies and to the fact that there were problems with the way the RCT was carried out. Therefore, it is not possible to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of oral care in nursing homes.
Five RCTs (149 participants) were included in this review. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo (2.4 g/day) and beclometasone dipropionate compared to mesalazine plus cholestyramine. Bismuth subsalicylate (a bismuth salt of salicylic acid) and budesonide (a medicine used to treat ulcerative colitis) were shown to be superior to placebo in terms of clinical and histological response. Bulsonide caused side effects in about 8% of the patients, compared to about 3% in the placebo group. Bizesonide caused tumour shrinkage in about 1 in 10 (32%) of the people with ulceration, and in about 2% (33%) of people with active ulcerations who did not respond to treatment. Besalazine caused side-effects in 2% to 3% of people. Budesonide led to side-effect in about one-seventh of the participants. Bisuth was not shown to cause any side effects. There was no information on the long-term adverse events. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised trials that compared SMBG with usual care or no treatment in adults (aged 18 years and older) with type 2 diabetes. We found 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 randomised patients. The studies were randomised to follow up for six months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). We found that SMBG led to a decrease in HbA1c (a blood test that records the amount of blood sugar in the urine) in the first year of self-monitoring of urine, with the purchase of a reflectation meters, was 12 times more expensive than standard care. There were few data on the effects of SMBG on other outcomes such as well-being and quality of life. None of the studies looked at morbidity or mortality. We conclude that when the overall effect of self monitoring of blood glucose is over one year, the results show that when compared to usual care, SMBG can have a small beneficial effect on the control of type 2 and 3-year follow-up in these people.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any psychosocial treatment for adults with AsPD. We found 11 RCTs involving 471 adults with AsPD. Only five of these studies, with 276 participants in total, had data that could be used in this meta-analysis. We were able to use data from one of these five studies, which was not large, so we were not able to pool the findings. We did find that, compared to the control group, the 'CBT' (CBT) and 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated Program’, plus the ‘JL’ (‘Driving for Change’) programs appeared to be more effective in reducing the use of drugs for outpatients with asPD, but not in other groups. The ‘Lack of co-morbidities’ and ‘Miscarriage’ programs did not seem to be as good as no treatment. There was no evidence that any of the three ‘Trials’ were better than each other in terms of reducing the number of men with recent verbal or physical violence. However, there was some low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty evidence that, for men who have been arrested for drug use, there may have been improvements in their behaviour and in their social functioning. For men who had been in prison, there appeared to have been no worse than for those who had not been treated for drugs. There were no studies that looked at the effects of any other than drug use.
This is an update of a review first published in 2013. We searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found 11 randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-randomised studies that looked at the benefits and harms of antibiotics for the common cold in adults and children with common cold. We were able to combine data from six of the studies, which included 1047 adults and 791 children. Five of the trials, which looked at people with a common cold, also looked at participants with a chest or sinus infection. There was no difference in the number of people who were cured or did not get better in terms of not having a cold. However, there was an increase in the risk of side effects in the studies. There were more side-effects in adults than in children. We are not able to tell from this review whether or not there is any benefit from the use of antibiotics. There is a need for well-designed, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term randomised studies to find out if there is benefit from their use.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled, or quasi-randomised trials of people with gutate psoriasis up to September 2017. We included five randomised trials with a total of 162 people. The ages of participants ranged from 12 to 77 years. Only two of the people in the trials were younger than 15 years. None of the trials assessed our primary outcome, time-to-relapse (i.e. risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up). We are very uncertain about the results of this review. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of people and their carers, and high-risk of reporting bias) and imprecision (we are very unsure of the reliability of the results). Hence, we are very unclear about the effects of rifampicin and penicillin. Adverse events and the proportion of people achieving clear or almost clear skin were not assessed. One three-armed randomised trial (43) assessed penicill (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) treatment for 14 days, with treatment for eight weeks. At six-week (short-term) treatment, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no difference between the two groups in the percentage of participants with clear or clear or very clear skin. One trial (20) assessed Penicillin (1.6 MU) intramuscularly once a day versus no treatment (six weeks of treatment). At eight-week and 12 weeks (with eight-weeks of treatment) no side effects were seen in both groups, and no side-effects were observed. No adverse events or adverse events occurred in the six weeks of the trial. These trials did not measure the number of participants achieving PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2.
We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D₃ group, and 469 to the control group. Eleven of these studies were conducted in the USA, one in Brazil and one in the UK. The mean age of the people in the trials ranged from 55 to 70 years. The average follow-up time in most of the studies ranged from 26 to 52 weeks. Most of the evidence from the trials was of very low or very low quality. This means that the true effect of the treatment may differ a lot from what this review shows, and we are not able to draw conclusions about whether or not it does not help people with MS who have MS who do not have MS to avoid relapse (recurrence of the disease) or the need for a course of treatment. We found very low- or low-quality evidence for all of the other outcomes, which means that we are very unsure of the true results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, non-randomised trials of MIR or Mm/r in adults (aged 18 years and older) with moderate-to-moderate pain. We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants. The evidence is up to date as of September 2017. We excluded six, and one study is still in progress. This is an update of a review first published in 2012. We reran the search in May 2017 and will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update the review. We did not find any new evidence for this update. The main outcome we looked for was pain and how much of the pain was relieved. We also looked for differences in how much pain people felt, how long the pain last, and how long it took for the pain to get better. We were able to include 36 of the 62 studies in this review. Fifteen of the studies were at high risk of bias. This means that we are very uncertain about the reliability of the results. We could not tell whether MIR was any more or less likely to cause side effects than other types of painkillers. We do not know if MIR had any side effects. Mirt/r is a safe and effective analgesic drug for adults with moderate to severe pain. It does not seem to cause any harm.
This is an update of a previous review. The first published in 2013. We searched for new evidence in February 2015. We found 14 studies, with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years. Most of the participants were men, and about one-third were women. The length of treatment ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the length of follow-up after the procedure ranged from four weeks to three months. Most studies had problems with their methods and were considered at high or unclear risk of bias. The evidence from these studies suggests that, when an open surgery is done, the risk of having an incision in the distal palmar crease (transverse incision of the skin) about 2 to 3 mm lower, and in about 1/3 mm more, in about 2% of the cases. The risk of needing an endoscopy to see the incision is about the same for both types of incision. However, because of the need for an endoscope to be used, we are not sure if this is as good as open surgery. When an endoscopic surgery is needed to close the skin to the skin (endoscopy), this is thought to be the best way to reduce the risk that the skin will break down and make the skin red and swollen, and may or may not have the best results. The quality of the studies was generally low or very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
Three RCTs, with 931 adults with relapsed or refractory non-small-cell lung cancer, were included in this meta-analysis. All three trials compared RT alone with procarbazine, vincristine, lomustine or temozolomide. None of the three trials blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias due to imprecision of the results. One RCT, which compared RT plus PCV with PCV alone, demonstrated a benefit for RT and PCV in terms of overall survival (OS) compared with RT alone. This result was not found 10 years after the end of treatment and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. One study, the first large-scale randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, non-randomised trial of non-involving 931 people with NSCLC, demonstrated an OS of 3.5 years in the RT alone arm compared with 2.6 years for the PCV plus EORT arm. This effect was not seen in the second half of the RCT. The third RCT evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them to be prognostic factors for progression-free survival. These biomarkers, such as codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or 19q, were independent factors for OS in two of the trials (RTOG) and EORTOG in one trial (NOA-04). The fourth RCT was small and of low or very low quality. It was not large or of high or high or low or both in quality of life.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged one to 18 years) with OSA to receive either an intranasal corticosteroid, oral montelukast, or a placebo (pretend medicine) for at least six weeks. We included five RCTs with a total of 240 adults with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI and AHI, and we are also uncertain about whether the secondary outcomes are more or less likely to change when a child is treated with a placebo. However, we are moderately to high-certainty in terms of desaturation (i.e. the amount of oxygen in the blood) and nadir (oxygenation). We are less certain about whether there is a difference between the groups for other secondary outcomes, such as changes in heart rate, oxygenation of the blood, sleepiness, and sleepiness. There is a low- to very low-risk of bias in this meta-analysis. The evidence is up to date as of September 2018.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three CCTs (involving 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE. Of the six RCTs/CCTs, five looked at the effects of providing antithrombin and cryoprecipitate and FFP with low-dose heparin and LMWH, and one CCT looked at giving children with VTE with low or very low-grade warfarin. These studies were conducted in both boys and girls. We found no evidence that any of the studies were at high risk of bias. The evidence from the trials was of very low or moderate quality. The studies were small, with a total of 1291 participants, and most of the trials were of low to very low quality. Therefore, we were not able to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of giving these drugs to prevent VTE in children.
This review aimed to find out whether this type of aneurysm surgery is safe and effective in reducing the risk of spinal cord injury. Three studies were found with a total of 287 participants. In the first trial of 98 adults, the spinal cord deficit was reduced by 14 (30%) in the CSFD group and by 17 (33%) in those in the control group. The deficit was seen within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) of participants. Analysis was done after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. The second trial of 33 adults used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine (an anti-coagulant drug) to reduce the post-surgery brain deficit. It showed an 80% reduction in the rate of postoperative brain deficit compared to controls. For CSFD-only trials, the OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analyses in CSFD trials, there was no change in the OR. The third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 adults. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 (12.2%) and 2 of 82 (2.7%) of those receiving CSFD. The OR remained unchanged. Overall, CSFD was at least as safe as other types of surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of NB-UVB and PUVA PUVA in CPP. We found 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 participants. Our main outcomes of interest were the percentage of people with CPP reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75, withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. We also looked for differences in side-effect rates between the groups treated with either PUVA or PUVA. In one RCT, when oral PUVA was used to treat CPP, the difference in PASI 75 was not significant. In three other trials of PUVA, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference in the groups, and in the other, the cure rates were significantly higher with PUVA (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.93). While in two left-right body trials, when compared with baths, the evidence from the comparison of left-left and right-right bodies in terms of clearance rate for CPP was inconsistent: Pooled data from these three trials indicated that withdrawals due to adverse events were not more common in the PUVA than in the bath PUVA group. The overall quality of the studies was low to very low.
Twenty-one eligible studies were identified with a total of 1525 people. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment (i.e. bias due to play of chance) and were at low risk for bias (ie, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). The results from one small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises were better than exercises alone in terms of achieving full continence. The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people who failed to achieve full or near-full continence was about the same for both types of stimulation. There was no evidence to suggest that adding a non-invasive method of stimulation, such as the use of a special machine, was better than using electrical stimulation alone. There were no data to show whether or not there were any differences in the risk of needing to go to the laryngoscopes or in the time to reach full or low continence between the groups. There is no evidence from randomised, well-conducted studies to show that any one method was more effective than the other.
This review aimed to find out whether removal of a catheter or urethral catheters increased the risk of urinary tract (wound) infections after surgery. The evidence from five trials suggested a higher risk of (re)catheter use if a catheter was not used postoperatively. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised (the need for the catheter to be re-inserted) if a urectral catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery. In 11 trials, fewer people in the clamp-and-release group had urine in their urine (about one in eight) than in the group that had a cathette (one in eight). However, this may have been due to bias in the methods used in the trials. There was no difference between the groups in terms of length of stay in the recovery room or the number of days that the cathets were left in place. There were no trials that looked at the costs of removal of the cathesters.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of aripiprazole or any other drug used to treat people with bipolar disorders. We found 10 randomised controlled trials (3340 adults and teenagers) that met the criteria for this Cochrane Schizophrenia review. Seven of these studies (2239 participants) looked at the effects of ariprazole alone, two of which (two of these) used other drugs, and the other (the other) used haloperidol. Two of these (754 and 476 participants) were used as an add-on treatment to valproate or lithium, and one (347 people) looked into the effect of haloproliferidol on manic symptoms. Aripulside was found to be more effective than placebo in the short-term (three and four weeks), but not in the longer term (six weeks). It was not shown to be better than other drugs used in the long-term. Compared with other drug treatments, arippulside caused more movement disorders (such as tremors and tremors) and dizziness, somnolence (sleepiness), weight gain (nausea and dry mouth), dizziness and weight gain. However, it was not found to cause any major side-effects. The overall risk of bias of the studies was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of eight of the trials) may have had a high chance of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and controlled studies (CCTs) that looked at the effects of urokinase and ethanol-based antibiotics on CVCs. We found no RCTs or CCTs that compared the use of these drugs with each other. We also found one CCT that looked into the number of days until the first negative blood culture, the amount of people who were cured, the need for the CVC to be re-cleared, and the occurrence of sepsis (infection) in the first year after treatment. This is a long-term, well-conducted, large-scale study that aims to find out if one type of treatment is better than the other. Not all studies were included in all of the analyses. All studies had flaws in their methods and were small. Therefore, it is not possible to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of using these drugs alone.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, non-experiments that looked at the effectiveness of any intervention to treat acute to chronic neck pain in adults. We found 15 randomised trials. Three TPEs were included in the review. These were: 1. A video of advice focusing on activation: 2. Self-care strategies: 3. Behavioural and ergonomics (e.g. stress-coping skills) were used in all three trials. All three trials were well-conducted and had low risk of bias. There is moderate- to very low-certainty evidence from the three TPE trials that an educational video of education and a whiplash brochure were more helpful in the short-term (i.e. three weeks or less) than no treatment in relieving neck pain, but not with long-term follow-up. However, there is low-to-very low-evidence from the nine trials that a self-care strategy did not help relieve neck pain. There was very low quality evidence from three of the trials that favouring specific types of exercise training was not shown to be any more or less helpful than other types of treatment. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown that any of the interventions used in this Cochrane review are helpful. Future research should be researched on sound adult learning theory and learning skills.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any of the above. We found no RCTs that met our criteria for inclusion in this Cochrane review. We identified 49 studies and pieces of the Cochrane Cochrane Review that could be included in this meta-analysis. We were able to include 49 of these in the meta-analytic meta-analysing the results of 49 Cochrane Reviews. The results of the thematic synthesis, which is part of a series of Cochrane reviews, shows that there is a lack of high quality, well-conducted and well-reported evidence to support the use of these interventions. There is a need for high quality studies to look at the benefits and harms of this type of intervention. The thematic syntheses can be used to help guide people to take care of their care and care for themselves.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-blind, placebo-controlled, and long-term randomised trials of opioids for RLS. We found one randomised trial with a total of 304 patients. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms were more improved in the drug group than in the placebo group. More of the RLS patients in the medicine group responded to the medicine than to placebo. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, problems with staying awake during the day, or naps in the day. There were more side-effects in the group treated with the medicine, such as headache, dizziness, nausea, constipation, dry mouth, and drowsiness, but there were no clear differences in side-effect rates. The evidence from this review is of low or very low quality. This is due to the small number of people in the trial and to the high dropout rate (low numbers of people who dropped out of the trial).
Fifteen randomised trials, involving 1022 adults with aortic or percutaneous fractures of the distal radius, were included in this review. There is some evidence from these trials that external fixation reduces redisplacement (redisplacing the bones to the outside), gives better anatomical results and most of the complications caused by the surgery are minor. There was not enough evidence to say whether or not there was a difference between the treatments in terms of long-term outcomes such as return to work or reoperations. There may have been problems with the design of some of the trials, such as who knew which group the next participant would be put in, how long the surgery was done and how long it took to perform it, which may have had a role in the selection of who would be in the two groups. Also, there were problems with how the trials were run and run, which could have affected the results.
We searched for randomised, double blind, non-randomised, controlled trials of ureteric stents in adults (aged 18 years and older) who had a kidney transplantation. We found five randomised controlled trials (a type of study in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with 1127 people. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We are uncertain whether removal of a stent reduced the number of UTI or UTI in the first few days after the transplantation, but it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC if a BI stent is used. However, if an externalised PU stent was used there was no difference in UTI and UTI rates between the groups. There was no information on the cost of care and how well the patients were able to cope with their care. We judged the risk of bias of the studies to be low or very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at three types of crowns. We found five RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in this review. Four compared crowns with fillens; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations; and the other three compared PMCs fitted with the 'old and new' fillens. One of these included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs versus non-restorative (fake) caries treatment. In the two studies that used crowns, all teeth had been treated for decay prior to the crown being placed. In this review, we found that when all teeth were placed with a conventional PMC fitted using the conventional method, there were more cavities in the front teeth than in the back teeth; in the third arm there were fewer cavities (one in five) in the PMC group and one in five in the open teeth group. There was no difference in the number of cavities between the groups. There were no deaths in either group in the first half of the trial. The studies did not report on side effects or costs. The evidence from four of the studies was of very low to moderate quality. This means that we are not able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not crowns are better or worse in terms of tooth decay.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, cross-over, or quasi-randomised trials of PEP in adults and children with cystic fibroids. We found 28 studies involving 788 children and adults. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed with a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was not clear whether a mask or mouthpipe was used. Forced expirate (i.e. amount of air that travels from the lungs to the body), the amount of time it took for a person to breathe, and the number of lung flare-ups (flare-ups) were the main outcomes in these studies. There was a lower exacerbation rate in participants who used PEP, autogenic drainage, high-frequency chest wall oscillation and high-speed oscillation devices. There were no clear differences between PEP and other methods of airway clearance on these outcomes. However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect on this outcome (low- to very low-to-moderate-certainty evidence). There was no difference in the occurrence of exacerbations (worsening of symptoms) in the group of adults who used a PEP device compared with those who did not (moderate- to low- to high-quality evidence). We found no evidence that PEP was more or less effective than other types of treatments in terms of forced expiration, number of patients who needed to be re-cleared from the trial, or quality of life. We were not able to draw conclusions about side-effects from this review due to the lack of data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults (aged 18 years and older) with Crohn's disease to receive CZP or a placebo (pretend treatment) for at least 8 weeks. We found four RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. These studies were randomised, double blind, placebo-based, and double blind. All four of the studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there is a chance that the true effect of the treatment may be different from the findings in this review) and were conducted in adults over 18 years of age. One of the trials (CZP) was found to be superior to a non-identical placebo (placebo) in terms of the number of patients who achieved remission or response in the first week of the study. The other three studies (CQS) were of low or very low certainty due to imprecision (variation in results). The CQS was shown to be better than placebo for achieving a cure in about 40% of people. The CZS group achieved remission in about 30% of the participants. In terms of side effects, the CQSS group had about 8.7% more serious side effects than the placebo group (8.7%) and 6.2% more side-effects than the control group (6.2%). It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side-events (such as infections and malignancy) is the same in both groups. Overall, we judged the evidence to be of moderate to high certainty.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of beta-blockers or angiotensin-converting enzymes (ACEi) in adults with CKD. We also searched for RCTs that looked at the effects of other classes of drugs (adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin agonists) on CKD patients. We found 108 and twelve studies. Of these, 26 (19,612 adults) provided data for at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. Of the 31 studies (23,762 adults) with data on CKL patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 people. In terms of acute heart failure, we found no evidence for the benefits or harms of any of the included drugs in terms of survival or morbidity. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was often high or unclear. The evidence from our review is of low or very low certainty due to the small numbers of people in the studies and the low numbers of events.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, well-conducted trials (randomised, quasi-randomized, and quasi-blinded trials) that looked at the effects of one form of tocodynamics (i.e. how well the woman’s uterus worked and how well it worked) on the number of caesarean sections, ventouse (ventouse and forceps) and admissions to the neonatal intensive care unit (fetal or neonatal) in women where oxytocin was used to induce labour. We found three randomised trials involving 1945 women. The overall risk of bias of the three trials was mixed. No deaths occurred in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The pooled risk for the outcomes of the mothers and their carers was not different between groups: Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.15 (one study, 1456), and more than 48 hours in length of stay in hospital (one of the trials). The pooled outcome for the babies was not significantly different. Hyperstimulation was reported in two of the two groups, but there was no difference between groups. Overall, there was a low- to very low-to-moderate-risk of bias across the three studies.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (where people with CVI is randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the benefits and harms of exercise for CVI. We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found two randomised trials (involving 54 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. We were not able to pool the data from the trials as many of our outcomes were not reported or reported by only one of the studies. One of the trials (23 adults) found no difference in change in ejection fraction (amount of blood pumped out of the left lower chamber of the heart with each heart beat), half venous refilling time (how long it takes for a venous drain to fill) and the amount of venous venous fluid that drains from the leg to reach the blood. The other trial (23 people) found higher rates of change in the change in peak force at fast speed in the exercise group than in the non-exercise group. One study found no differences between the exercise and no treatment groups in terms of quality of life or in the range of motion (i.e. how far people could walk and how far they could walk in six minutes or more). We judged the overall quality of evidence as very low. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were unable to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the results of this review to be of very low quality. There is currently not enough data to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of physical exercise in adults with Crohn’s disease. Future research into the effect of exercising for Crohn's disease should consider types of exercise, types of people with the disease, type of exercise and the severity of the disease.
Seventy-six randomised, double blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled trials were included in this review. Forty of these trials compared hyaluronan/hylan with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten of the 16 nonsteroidal, or 'placebo' controls with intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids, six of the six nonsteroid drugs with nonsteroids and three of the three nonsterroxine, or two of the other non-steroidal drugs with placebo. The length of follow-up (up to 18 months) ranged from a few days to a few months. The pooled analyses of the effects of viscosupplementation and of other products on OA of the knee (such as OSTEOA) and function (measured at the 5 to 13 week post-injections) showed that, compared with placebo or no treatment, OA improved by 28% to 54% from the baseline of 28% for pain and by 9% to 32% for function, and by 8% to 30% for both pain and function. However, the size of the improvement was not large enough to tell us whether this improvement was due to the type of OA or to other types of treatment. Few side-effects were reported in the trials. Based on the findings of this review, we conclude that, when used with care and with the use of evidence from well-conducted and well-reported randomised trials, OSA is an effective treatment for OA in the knee of the OA.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of misoprostol (a prostaglandin E1) with no uterotonics in women having a hysterectomy or caesarean section. We found 10 randomised studies with 4052 women. Four RCTs (1881 women) were included in this review. The evidence from four trials (with 1881 participants) showed that giving the women with a prolapsed uterotonic with the simultaneous use of a placebo (fake drug) did not provide any benefit for our primary outcomes (fetal or neonatal deaths, or any of the other outcomes that we had hoped to look at), such as the need for admission to the hospital, or the number of women with bleeding in their uterus. The risk of side-effects such as vomiting and shivering were lower in the group of women who had a prolactin or oxytocin infusion, but this did not seem to make a difference in the other three groups of the trials. The quality of the evidence from two trials (1787 women) was very low to moderate for our main outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small numbers of women in the trials and the fact that the trials were not large enough to tell us whether or not there were any differences between the groups.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of cysteine-free PN in preterm or very low birth weight neonates. We found six RCTs with 73 preterm neonates that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. Five of these trials (involving 73 neonates) looked at short-term cysteines (up to 1000 grams) given by syringe to babies with cystic fibroids. One large RCT looked at N-acetylcysteine (a drug used to treat high blood pressure) and looked at the long-term growth and survival of the babies. We did not find any trials that looked at growth or survival of babies who were given PN by vein or through a syringe. We were able to combine data from four of the trials (n = 434) to look at growth and long-lasting growth of the retina (retinopathy of prematurity). We found no evidence that the use of PN increased the risk of death, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (disease of the lungs), death or BPD (infection of the lung), or any of the other common neonatal problems that can occur in the first few days after birth. Nitrogen levels of the white blood cells (neutrophils) in the urine were higher in babies who received PN but not in those who did not, and this did not seem to affect the number of days that the neonates spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (NIV). We were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not there were any side effects on growth or quality of life. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of antioxidants in adults (aged 18 years and older) with non-alcoholic or non-pregnant people who developed CIDP. We found 77 RCTs with a total of 6287 people. Forty-one of these studies (3829 people) gave information for one or more outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias. Only one trial was at low risk of biases. All other studies were of very low or very low quality. The length of follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. There was no difference in the risk of death or of adverse events in either group. None of the trials looked at whether or not there were any harms caused by antioxidants. Antioxidants were no better or worse in terms of the number of people who died or had any serious side effects compared with no intervention. There were no serious side-effects in the trial that looked into whether there was any harm caused by the use of antioxidants. There is very low to very low-certainty evidence that antioxidants are no more or less effective than no intervention in the prevention of CIDsP. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2016.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, non-involving, controlled trials (RCTs) of CSF tests in MCI. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1282 people with MCI that met our inclusion criteria. We were able to include data from 1172 of these people in the analyses; 430 were converted to Alzheimer’s disease and 130 to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of the studies the average time for people to progress to Alzheimer's disease was one to three years. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. We could not be sure whether or not the CSF biomarkers were more or less accurate than other types of tests. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be, for instance, sources of bias (i.e. the way in and out of the trials was not well described and the way the study was carried out), and aspects of the methods used in the design of the study (e.g. how people were selected and how they were randomised to receive CSF or non-CSF tests). We were not able to formally assess the effects of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included. The findings of this Cochrane Review are current to September 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of propofol or sevoflurane or desflurane in men having a laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. We found three RCTs involving 170 men. All the men were male and were between 50 and 75 years old. The evidence from our search is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of giving anaesthetics under general anaesthesia. We also found one ongoing RCT. Low- and very low-quality evidence from one of the trials suggests that propofl reduces post-surgery pain in the short term (one to six hours after surgery) when used as an add-on to inhaled anaesthesia when used for laparoscopy. However, it is not clear whether this reduces the risk of complications after surgery such as swelling of the cornea or the need to replace the anaesthetist's eye drops. We have low- to very low quality data from one study that showed that using a propoflan may reduce the pressure of the eye after surgery. The quality of evidence from this review is low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small numbers of men in the RCT and to poor reporting of how the trials were done.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 14 randomised, double-blind, double blind, and quasi-randomised studies that included 1,601,515 women. We reran the search in March 2018. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update the review. We included 7 new studies in this review, bringing the total number to 14, with 1,501,515 participants. Most of the studies were of moderate to very low risk of bias. We did not find any evidence of differences in the risk of adverse events for the mothers or their carers. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, including orofacial cleft or cleft palate and hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the underside of the penis), and congenital abnormalities, (including orectal, vulvovaginal, and soft stools). We found no differences between the groups of women who received and did not receive topical corticosteroids. We also found no difference in the number of preterm births, low birth weight, foetal death (fetal or neonatal deaths), preterm birth, and low Apgar (low or very low) scores. We were not able to tell whether or not there was a difference between groups for any of the outcomes. The evidence was of very low or low quality for all outcomes.
We found four RCTs that compared the use of topical corticosteroids to treat keratitis in 611 eyes. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which included 611 participants. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we found three new trials through the updated search in July 2014. The trial with SCUT had about 50% of the participants in the steroid group and 53% in the non-steroid group. The follow-up time in this trial ranged from three weeks to one year. None of the trials found any difference between the steroid and non-corticosteroid groups in terms of re-epithelialization (the growth of new lines or lines) of the cornea. However, the trial with the SCUT did not report on this outcome, so we were not able to draw any conclusions. The other trials did not have any data on this topic. We found no evidence that any of the four included trials were at risk of bias. The evidence from this review is up-to-date as of June 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the benefits and harms of percutaneous (through vein) thrombolytic treatments for ischaemic stroke. We found four RCTs with 450 adults with stroke. Three of the trials were conducted in China, one in Germany and one in the USA. All four of the included trials were funded by the company that makes the clot-dissolve devices used to treat stroke. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any evidence from RCTS that percutaneously giving a blood thinning drug (through a vein) is more effective than giving a clot-busting drug through a vein. There was no evidence from the RCT studies that any of the treatments were better than giving the blood by vein. We considered the evidence to be of low or very low quality. This was due to the small numbers of people in the trials and to the fact that we were not able to pool data from the trials.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high- and low-income countries. We included in the review one trial involving 120 families and 143 children. This study was of high risk of bias, as 63% of the participants in the control group had access to day care services that were not part of the day care service, and this may have been due to the fact that most of the people in the trial were not aware of whether they were in the care group or not. We found very low- to moderate-quality evidence from this one trial that suggests that there is no evidence for the benefits or harms of this type of day care. There is moderate- to high-certainty evidence that there might be benefits from the provision of home visits or other day care arrangements that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. However, there is a need for more research in this area.
The objective of this review was to find out if any of these studies was valid. We searched for studies that had been published up to July 2013. We found 126 reports that had looked at the benefits and harms of the use of these types of tests. Eleven of these tests have been used to test whether or not a test worked. Three of these three tests were assessed for how well the tests worked. We were able to find 11 of the 30 tests to be valid. These tests were used to assess how well each test worked and to test how sure or sure it was that the test was. The review found that all of the tests had been used in the same way, at the same time, for the same amount of time. This means that many of the studies had been done in the wrong way, which means that their findings may not have been valid. More research is needed to find the best test to use.
We searched for randomised trials that compared surgery and non-surgical treatments in adults with distal tibial preconditioning fractures. We found three randomised studies that were at high risk of bias. The mean age of participants ranged from 41 to 44 years. The evidence from the three trials was of very low or very low quality. We are very unsure whether surgery is the best way to treat these types of fractures. There is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical treatment for these fractures. The quality of the data from the trials was very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the estimates for all outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared BPLDs with placebo or no treatment in adults with stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA) for at least 12 months. We found 11 RCTs (38,742 adults) that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. The risk of bias of the trials varied greatly. The pooled risk of recurrence of stroke or TIA for people using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93) for the occurrence of recurrent stroke, and for the recurrences of other types of stroke and TIA in the subgroup of adults who used an ACE inhibitor or diuretics. This means that if 50% or more of the people in the BPLD group had a recurrent stroke after 12 months, they would have about one-seventh of the chance of having a new stroke. This would have been about the same for people who did or did not have a previous stroke. We also found that people who had a first stroke were about twice as likely to have a second stroke if they used a BPLID. This might be due to the fact that the first stroke did not happen often, or because the number of participants in the trial was too small. We could not tell whether or not BPLIDs had an effect on the risk of death from any cause. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes.
This review of trials of B-sitosterols for men with BPH showed some short-term (4 to 26 weeks) benefit from the use of these drugs, but did not show any long-term benefit. The evidence suggests non-glucosidics may have a role in BPH, but it is not known whether or not they are useful in the long term.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or quasi-randomised, controlled trials of adults and children with asthma. We found 26 randomised trials (involving 62,815 adults and 2,599 children) that compared salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol. There were no deaths or non-fatal (unwanted) events in either group in six trials (2,766 participants) that could be included in the meta-analysis. There was no difference between the groups in terms of deaths from any cause (all-cause mortality). There was not enough evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. There may be a difference between people who were and were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, as all the asthma-related deaths in adults occurred in adults in these studies. In patients who were not on inhaled steroids, compared to those who were, there was an increase in the risk of having an acute flare-up of asthma. There is not yet a clear answer as to whether or not there is a difference in the number of people who die from asthma.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of thyroid hormones for preterm babies in the first 24 hours after birth. We found no evidence from controlled trials that use of thyroxroxroxine or L-triiodothyronine improves outcomes in preterm neonates who are ventilator-free. It is not possible to draw any conclusions from this review, however, we were able to do a meta-analysis (combine of data from 80 preterm infants) that did not find any difference in the risk of death from any cause (fetal or neonatal deaths), or in the number of days or weeks that the babies spent in the neonatal ICU. Amato ( 1988) and Amato 1988 were not found to have any benefits in reducing the need for the use of a machine that was placed on the first day of life. No benefit was found on use of mechanical ventilators, length of stay in the ICU or on the need to be cared for in a neonatal neonatal care home. No adverse effects were found with use of thyroid hormone. We were not able to determine whether or not there were any harms from use of these drugs.
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 adults with hepatic encephalopathy. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in terms of risk of death. We found that non-absorbable disaccharides reduced the risk of mortality when compared with a placebo or no intervention. The risk of dying from any cause was reduced to 30% when we assessed the risk with extractable data, but not when we looked at deaths from other cause or when we reduced the RRR to 22%. We found no differences between lactulose and other types of drugs in the prevention of hepatal encephalopathies. We were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis because the numbers of participants in the trials were too small. The number of non-serious (mainly stomach) side-effects was not clearly different. None of the trials compared lactulise with lactitol with each other. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all of the outcomes. This was due to the small number of studies and participants, and to the fact that many of the studies were carried out in the 1980s and 1990s.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experiments that looked at the effects of treatments for bone disease in people who have had a kidney transplant. We found 65 randomized, double blind, placebo- or quasi-blinded randomised trials that included 3598 people. Forty-three studies looked at bone density or bone-related biomarkers (e.g. bone density, weight, height) and proteinuria (protein, fat and bone growth). More than 30% of the people in the trials were male. Bisphosphonate and denosumab were the most commonly used drugs to treat bone diseases in patients who had a transplanted kidney. The evidence from these drugs is uncertain as to whether or not they decrease the risk of fracture or death in adults who have a transplantation. It was also uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture events (low or very low certainty) in these patients. A trial of teriparatide (a drug used to treat high blood counts) was not large enough to answer our review question. Studies were not designed to look at the effect of treatments on death from any cause or on the number of deaths due to any cause (myocardial infarction or stroke) or on graft loss (when the graft fails or graft loss). Studies were generally of low to very low risk of bias. Risks of bias in the way they were carried out were generally high or unclear, which means we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of adults (aged 18 years and over) who have withdrawn from any kind of drug or non-drug treatment for alcohol withdrawal syndrome. We found four trials involving 317 people. Three of the trials looked at the effects of oral magnesium. One trial looked at parenteral magnesium. Only one of the studies looked at clinical symptoms of seizures, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. Each trial had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). We found no study that assessed all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (a test of strength) was able to be pooled (meta-analysis) and there was no difference between the groups. There was no significant increase in handgrip strong in the magnesium group (SMD 0.04; 95% CI -0.22 to 0.30). No important changes in side effects were found in the number of people who experienced any side-effects. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo- or no-blind trials of adults (aged 18 years and older) with rhinosinusitis due to sinusitis. We found 15 trials involving 3057 people. Ten of the trials appeared to have a high risk of bias (i.e. there is a chance that the true result is close to what we found) and were well-conducted. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 in 100 will be cured if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. However, 13 more people in 100 would have to be treated with antibiotics if their sinus secretions are untreated. Cure rates were higher when a high amount of saline was found in the blood (fluids) or when total opacification (infection of the sinus) was found on a test that records the amount of fluid in the urine (this is known as a test of how much saline there is in the body) and this is known to be a sign of how well the blood is pumped around the body. Purulent (swelling) is a fungal disease in which pus leaks out of the body into the blood. This can be caused by many different types of sinus diseases, such as cystic fibroids (e.g. colostomies, perforations of the mucosa in the nose and throat), as well as infections of the lining of the mouth and throat. This type of bacteria can cause these types of bacteria to be resistant to many of the drugs used for treating sinus sinus disease. These bacteria can have been shown in a number of studies to be more likely to cause side-effects (such as headaches and drowsiness) than to be cured with antibiotics. This is why the use of these drugs has been thought to increase the risk of having a dry mouth and mucous in the mouth, and why they may also increase the number of people who get their mucous out of their urine (pneumonia). Antibiotic use has not been shown to reduce the need for a course of intravenous or intranasal drugs to treat people with sinus infections. This plain text summary is up-to-date as of March 2016.
Eight RCTs enrolling 2515 people with stomach cancer were eligible for this review. D2 lymphadenectomy was found to be superior to D1 lymphadenoscopy in terms of overall and long-term survival (DFS), but its risk of death after surgery (postoperatively) was the same with both types of surgery. The risk of dying after surgery was twice as high with D3 lymphadenectomy compared to with D1 LAB. In contrast, there were more deaths after D2 LAB and DSS in the year after surgery.
This review aimed to find out if oral naltrexone is any more or less safe and effective than other types of drug treatment in the treatment of opiate use. The findings of this review are based on 13 studies with a total of 1158 people. The results of this study suggest that, when compared with a fake drug (placebo or no drug) or no treatment, naltroxone did not perform any better than treatment with placebo or no medication in terms of re-incarceration (the amount of time that a drug is left in the world) or re-removal from treatment (removal of the drug). However, the findings from two of the studies, which were large studies, suggested that oral placebo and buprenorphine were no better than either benzodiazepine (a strong sedative drug used to treat drug use) or psychotherapy (a therapy that aims to help with coping with thoughts and behaviour). The findings from this study are not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not any of the other drugs used in the field of opioid use are any more effective in keeping people who have used heroin or methadone in the past.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of different types of changes to fluids. We found no RCTs on changes to foods. We identified one RCT, which was part of the same large multicentre trial and was funded by the maker of the syringe used for videofluoroscopy. This is a cross-over (cross-over) study, which means that both the participants and researchers were in the first half of the trial and then the second half. The first study looked at changes in the amount of fluid in the mouth and looked at how long people were able to drink up the fluid. This was a three-month follow-up of data from the first trial. This means that in this trial, there were a greater number of episodes of pneumonia in people receiving honey thick fluids than in those taking nectar or honey thick liquids. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with terms for'spoon thick' or'very thick' fluids, showed a more positive impact on the rate of removal of the fluid from the inside of the mouth, but this result showed more side effects in the second study. There were no deaths in either group in either study. We are uncertain about the short-term and long-term effects of changing the size of the fluids as too few studies have been done. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of treatments used. There is a high risk of bias for both studies. We judged the overall quality of evidence for the main outcomes to be low or very low as the results were imprecise and there were few trials with few events.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials in April 2015. We found six randomised trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these studies, which was the largest of all the trials, included 3965 women. We did not find evidence of a difference in live birth rates between the two groups. The chance for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth (with or without OHSS) would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference between the groups in rates of OHSS, clinical (pregnancy and birth) pregnancy, ongoing (ongoing) pregnancy and the need for the oocyte retrieval (collection of the oocytes from the ovary). One of the trials (with 159 women) found that the Oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group than in the standard IVF group. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of withdrawal from the IVF treatment. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well-conducted large trials is awaited on the effectiveness of this treatment. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and side effects. The evidence was of moderate to very low risk of bias. This was due to imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of Tai Chi in adults with COPD. We found 12 RCTs involving 984 adults with a mean age of 61 to 74 years. The studies lasted from six weeks to one year. Studies were carried out in China, France, Greece, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, the UK and the USA. The age range from 10 to 206 years old. The average age of the people in the studies ranged from 61 to 75 years. We included only those in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 adults) in the final analysis. We reran the search in February 2016. We will deal with the one study of interest when we next update this review. The evidence from this review shows that when Tai Chi is added to other treatments (e.g. breathing exercises and other treatments) there is no evidence to suggest that it is more effective and safer than other types of treatment. However, the evidence from these studies is of very low to moderate quality. This is because there were problems with the design of some of the studies and with the way in which the outcomes were measured. Due to these problems, we are not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not Tai Chi has an effect on lung function or on physical and psychosocial function in the long-term. Therefore, we suggest that Tai Chi should not be used as a treatment for COPD until we get to know if it is safe to practise.
We searched for randomised, quasi-experiments, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (where people are randomly put into one of one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the effects of the use of these devices in adults (aged 18 years or over) with stroke. We found 72 randomised trials that involved 2470 participants. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. This is an update of the review published in 2013. We reran the search in February 2017. We will deal with the one new study of interest when we next update the review. This review includes 35 new studies in the next update. We included 22 of the trials in this update and will include 35 new trials in the future. We did not find any new randomised studies for the update of this review. Overall, this review found that time after stroke was not more likely to be improved by using a gait speed or balance than when the treatment was based on a control group. However, when a higher dose of treatment was used in addition to usual care (providing a greater dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a small but non-important difference between groups. There was not enough data to be sure whether or not there was an effect. There were few adverse events reported in these trials and those that did appear to be related to the treatment were relatively mild. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small sample sizes and the fact that many of the studies did not clearly explain how they were carried out.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared fluoroquinolones with no treatment or with isoniazid. We found five RCTs (1330 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. None of the trials looked at regimens of less than six months duration. We are uncertain if there is an effect (one RCT, 174 adults, very low to very low quality evidence). For death, sputum conversion, and side-effects we are very unsure of the results (one trial, 174 people, verylow to moderate risk of bias). For relapse, we are also very uncertain of the findings (one large, high-to-certainty trial, 170 people). No studies looked at whether or not any of the regimens were successful in the first six months after treatment (six months or more). FluoroquinLoxacin was added to the standard first-line regimens in three trials (723 adults) and to the first treatment in four trials (438 adults). We are very sure that when compared with no regimens there is no difference in the number of people who die or have a recurrences (very low to moderate quality of evidence). There may have been problems with the way the trials were done and run. We do not know if there was a change in the proportion of adults who were cured or who did not die or did not have a relapse (low or very low/very low/certainty evidence). We found no trials that looked at how long-term survival or how long people were alive or how well they were able to live. We also found no studies that looked into how many of the treatments had to be stopped or stopped for a year or longer.
