 This review found 38 studies involving 7843 children. The children and their parents were more likely to be admitted to the emergency department if they received asthma education. There was no difference in the number of unscheduled doctor visits or other outcomes. There was no statistically significant difference between education and control. There is uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as
 We searched for studies that compared ketamine with placebo or no treatment. We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the 1990s and 2000s. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in
 The review authors searched for trials that compared the effectiveness of MSP/RESA vaccine with other vaccines. They found five trials, with 217 participants, that compared the MSP/RESA vaccine with a placebo (a dummy vaccine). The vaccine was administered in a dose of 13 to 15 <unk>g of each antigen (39 to 45 <unk>g total). The vaccine was not effective in reducing the number of malaria episodes in children who had
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of electromagnetic field stimulation with placebo (a dummy treatment) or no treatment. Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies
 The review included 12 randomised clinical trials involving 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy for acute cholecystitis exclusively. One trial included patients undergoing elective and emergency laparoscopic cholecystectomy, and one trial did not provide this information. The average age of participants in
 This review included 47 randomised trials involving 3639 participants. The trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. The
 This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the studies involved advanced prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in progression of prostate cancer in the IAS group for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with
 We found 12 studies that compared the use of an IUD immediately after abortion with the use of a delayed insertion. Five studies randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an IUD. One study randomised women to either immediate versus delayed insertion of the Copper 7 or the Levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A. One study randomised women to the Levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of meditation practice with usual care in patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. We found only one small study published as an abstract article. The study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the study throughout the six-month follow-up period and were
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared varicella vaccine given within three days to children following household contact with a varicella case. We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella
 We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. The trials were at high risk of bias. With the exception of one trial in which all the participants were positive for nasal carriage of MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high
 We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. The number of women included in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with PPROM were eligible for inclusion. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnion
 The review of trials found that staples are associated with similar wound infections, pain and cosmesis compared with sutures, and these two methods are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarean section. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin separation and the need for reclosure compared with absorbable sutures.
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of green tea and black tea on cardiovascular events. We found 11 studies with a total of 821 participants. Seven studies examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and
 Two small studies recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Participants may have been suffering from comorbid lung disease. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate
 We searched for studies that compared exercise with no exercise or no treatment. We found 56 studies that compared exercise with no treatment. The majority of the studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. The review found that exercise was more effective than no treatment in reducing fatigue. The review found that exercise was more effective than no treatment in reducing fatigue. The review found that exercise was more effective than no treatment in reducing fatigue. The review found that exercise was more effective than no
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of BEACOPP with other treatments. We included all five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analyses. The trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age) with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The trials were conducted in different countries and were conducted in different countries. The trials were conducted in different countries and were conducted
 We searched for studies up to May 2015 and found 15 studies that included 1835 cancer patients. Most studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-educational interventions compared to care as usual and low quality evidence that there is
 We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations of interest. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged.
 We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The
 The review authors searched for relevant articles in the literature and found 2847 citations overall. A total of 30 citations appeared relevant however there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. The review question remains unanswered as there were no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomis
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of psychological interventions for NSCP. We included 17 RCTs with 1006 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the first three months after the intervention was started. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers with placebo. We found 30 studies with 4344 participants. The trials evaluated 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment
 The review authors searched for studies that compared tobacco prevention initiatives tailored to Indigenous youth. They found two studies that met the inclusion criteria and a third study is ongoing. The studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). The studies were conducted in Indigenous communities and were based in the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in Indigenous communities in the United States, Canada, and the
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared blood transfusion to selective blood transfusion in pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). We found one small trial that met our inclusion criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood trans
 We searched for randomised clinical trials comparing the use of a radiofrequency dissecting sealer with the clamp-crush method. We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summaris
 This review found that there is evidence that a combination of retinoids and retinoids is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of different drugs in people with high blood pressure. We found nine studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and included 460 people with high blood pressure. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada,
 We included 58 studies, of which 48 studies with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Various intraperi
 We searched for studies that compared the sensitivity and specificity of the tests with microscopy. We found 74 studies that met our inclusion criteria. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (from P. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigens. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigens. We found that HRP-2 antibody types were more
 We searched for studies that compared the length of consultations for primary care physicians with the length of consultations for other health-related issues. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. All were conducted in the UK, and tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. We are uncertain whether altering the length of consultation increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the effectiveness and safety of high dose versus low dose stavudine in ART naive patients with high viral loads. The studies were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries yet stavudine remains a component of ART combination therapy in many developing countries. The studies did not show that any participants stopped treatment due to adverse events. The studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared recruitment manoeuvres with control ventilation in people with ARDS. We found 10 trials that met our inclusion criteria. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (
 This review included 15 studies, involving 687 adults. The studies were of poor quality and included only a small number of patients. The studies were small and often small. The review found that relaxation therapy reduced the use of medications for asthma. However, the use of medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two studies, (48 patients), showed a positive effect
 We searched for studies that compared antidepressants with benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall, which compared antidepressants with benzodiazepines as monotherapy. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, clinics, and hospitals. The studies were conducted in a variety
 This review included 29 trials, which enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. The risk of complications was reduced with plastic stents, but with higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic stents. One published study compared metal stents to surgery and reported lower costs and better
 We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four RCTs compared ultrasound with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications as compared with palpation
 We included one small study (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces conducted in the 1970s and 80s). The studies evaluated the effect of a ban on alcohol consumption in the general population. The studies evaluated different types of bans (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. The results from the three studies were inconsistent. The results from the two
 We searched for studies that compared high MCT and low MCT formulas for infants with a total of 182 infants. We found eight studies that compared high MCT and low MCT formulas for infants with a total of 182 infants. The results of the studies were imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long-term outcomes. There is no evidence of difference between high MCT and low MCT on short-
 We searched for studies that compared transcervical amnioinfusion with no amnioinfusion. We found one small study that compared transcervical amnioinfusion with no amnioinfusion. The study was small and had a high risk of bias. The study did not report on the number of women who died or had serious complications (such as a bowel obstruction, a bowel obstruction, or
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the accuracy of the Mini-Cog to other short cognitive screening tests in community settings. They found three studies that met the inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and
 We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg/d), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/d to 70 mg/d), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/d to 80 mg/d). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%
 We searched for studies that compared vitamin D with placebo in people with chronic painful conditions. We found 10 studies that included 811 participants. The studies were different in terms of study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater eff
 The review included 41 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A
 We searched for studies that compared hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in women aged 25 years and younger. We included five studies in this review. The studies included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The studies compared the following contraceptives: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauter
 We included eight trials of immunotherapy for asthma. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the UK. The trials were conducted in different countries and were of different types of allergens. The results of the trials were compared to those of inhaled steroids. The results of the trials were compared to those of inhaled steroids. The results of the trials were compared to those of inhaled steroids. The results of the trials
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of lung-protective ventilation with other strategies for treating acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury. We found six studies involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of bias. The effect of lung-protective ventilation on death at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation. Overall death was not significantly different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to 31
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared isoflurane with sevoflurane or sevoflurane in adults with a variety of ailments. We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared blood pressure lowering in late-life hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. Four studies were identified. The average age was 75.4 years. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95%
 We included 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically
 This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 333 participants. The trials were conducted in Italy and included children under 24 months of age. The trials used nebulised salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. The trials did not show any benefit in clinically meaningful outcomes. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies with a total of 181 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA,
 The review authors searched for trials that compared the effectiveness of spermicides with the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. They found two trials that met the inclusion criteria. The sponge was less effective in preventing overall pregnancy than was the diaphragm. The discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge than with the diaphragm. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of a pharmacological intervention with placebo or a behavioural intervention. We found 16 studies that met our inclusion criteria. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. The studies were small and had a small number of participants. The studies were of moderate quality. The studies did not report on the number of patients who were withdrawn from the studies. The studies did not report on the number of patients who were re
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included two studies with 26 participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar and lingual nerve injuries. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. Following treatment with laser therapy, there was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen with placebo (a dummy treatment). We found two trials involving 281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses. The two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies)
 The review included 14 studies with a total of 1364 participants. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. The number of participants needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 <unk>median NNT 9<unk> patient expected event rate ranged from 63% to 26% respectively and for SSRI
 We searched for studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparator, or with a self-administered antiemetic. Nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparator; none combined ibuprofen with a self-administered antiemetic. All studies treated attacks with single doses of medication. For
 We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants) that compared different types of artificial tears with each other or placebo. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada, and Italy. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, clinics, and hospitals. The trials were conducted in a variety of ways, including a variety of methods, including a combination of randomized controlled trials and a combination of randomized controlled trials. The
 This review found no evidence to evaluate second-line therapies in patients with HIV who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen. One randomised trial in 136 patients studied maintaining lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also
 We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, hospital, and home. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, home, and hospital. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, home, hospital, and hospital. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital
 The review of studies found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and a significant reduction in stool frequency on day 2. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
 We searched for studies that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. The study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The study duration was 18 months in total. The study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term (between six and 12 months
 We searched for studies that compared pregabalin with placebo or other active treatments. We included eight studies with 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomly assigned to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparator treatments. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF)
 We included one trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between magnesium sulphate and placebo in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (risk ratio (RR) 0.51; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05 to 5.46; 135 infants). There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling
 This review examined the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions in Indigenous populations. Four studies met the inclusion criteria for inclusion in the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behavioural therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a
 We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. The studies were conducted in the USA, the United Kingdom, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the general intensive care unit (ICU) and intensive care unit (ICU) settings. The studies were conducted in the USA, the United Kingdom, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States and the United Kingdom
 This review found six studies (n = 488 infants) that compared the use of a sweet tasting solution to heel lance for blood sampling in term newborns. The use of a sweet tasting solution was associated with a significantly reduced pain in the infant. The use of a sweet tasting solution was associated with a significantly reduced pain in the infant. The use of a sweet tasting solution was associated with a significantly reduced pain in the infant.
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of resuturing and resuturing perineal wounds following childbirth. They found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry. Only one small study reported data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no
 We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The included studies were of poor methodological quality. The included studies were small and did not report on the number of people who received the drugs. The studies were small and did not report on the number of people who received the drugs. The studies were small and did not report on the number of people who received the drugs. The studies were small and did not report on the number of people who received the drugs. The studies were small and did
 We searched for studies that compared thrombolytic therapy with placebo or no treatment. We found eight studies with 580 participants. The studies were of poor quality and were influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement. The studies were small and had a high risk of bias. The studies were small and had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found that thrombolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo, but there is no data available
 We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 women). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.
 Ten randomised controlled trials reported on a total of 1896 patients. The evidence is current to May 2015. There was no statistically significant effect on inpatient mortality or mortality to longest follow up. Discharge to institutional care was reduced for the NLU and functional status at discharge increased but there was a near significant increase in inpatient stay. Early readmissions were reduced. One study compared a NLU for the chronically critically ill with ICU care. Mortality
 We searched for studies that compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, or with other non-surgical interventions for CTS. We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, two compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other
 We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin, simvastatin, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of a comprehensive tobacco control programme with the effectiveness of a small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small-scale, small
 We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, China, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden,
 We included one study that compared post-operative imaging within 48 hours (early post-operative imaging) with no early post-operative imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study arms were comparable, but the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early post-
 We searched for studies that compared chlorpromazine to metiapine in people with schizophrenia. We found three studies that compared chlorpromazine to metiapine. The studies were randomised to a group of people with schizophrenia who were receiving either chlorpromazine or metiapine. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were
 The review of trials found that antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operative prophylaxis.
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found seven studies (825 participants). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including a hospital, a clinic, a hospital, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre, a rehabilitation centre,
 We searched for studies that compared quinine with placebo, vitamin E, or a combination of these drugs. We found 23 studies with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most commonly used quinine dosage was 200 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most commonly used qui
 We found seven trials (five parallel, two cross-over) enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants also served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps (N = 202) and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (N = 322 including cross-over controls). The single study comparing magnesium to no treatment failed to find statistically significant benefit on a
 We searched for studies that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training versus usual care in people with SMA type 3. We found one study that compared combined strength and aerobic exercise training versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health. The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health. The study was conducted in the United States,
 Two small trials (N = 149) were included. In both trials, allocation concealment was inadequate and arrangements for blinding of outcome assessment were unclear. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. One trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical my
 We included nine studies in this review. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by a clinic clerk. Three studies compared telephone consultation by different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. In general
 We searched for studies that compared MI with other interventions, such as a control group or a control group, to prevent alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. We found 84 studies with 22,872 participants. The studies were of moderate or low quality. We found that MI interventions reduced the quantity of alcohol consumed, frequency of alcohol consumption, and peak blood alcohol concentration (BAC) in people who were at high risk of alcohol misuse. We found no effect on bin
 We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 people with asthma. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias (i.e. the studies were not blinded). We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique
 Three small trials, involving 226 participants, were included in this review. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included patients with CT-verified ICH. Death and dependency could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol and control groups. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannito
 This review found that D-penicillamine may be effective in reducing the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. It appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
 We searched for studies that compared decoctions of Huangqi compounds with other Chinese herbs. We found four relevant studies. All of the studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoction of Huangqi compounds with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxi
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared vitamin A and/or DHA with placebo or no treatment. We included three RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of job loss prevention interventions with other interventions. We included three RCTs with a total of 414 participants. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational
 We identified three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The
 We searched for studies that compared INCS with placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The trials were well-designed and were conducted in the USA. The trials were conducted in the USA and were conducted in the USA. The trials were well-designed and were conducted in the USA. The trials were well-designed and were conducted in the USA. The trials were well-designed and were conducted in the USA. The trials were well-designed and were conducted in the USA.
 The review authors found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of nosocomial sepsis in the newborn infant. However, the methods of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsis in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to the low levels of vancomycin in the infusate. The review authors conclude that routine prophyl
 We found 13 randomised controlled trials on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. The evidence is current to January 2014. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
 We searched for studies up to January 2014. We included seven studies with 1482 women. Four studies examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two studies of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant. The evidence is current to January 2014. We found seven studies with
 We searched for studies that compared red-light cameras with other cameras in the same area. We found 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in Australia, Singapore and the USA. The studies were conducted before and after the crash, and were conducted in the same way as the cameras were used in the crash. The studies were conducted in the same way as the cameras were used in the crash. The studies were conducted in different countries, and the results were not consistent.
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the use of a 10-mg or a 5-mg loading dose for initiation of warfarin to achieve an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. The review authors found four studies involving 494 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA,
 We included seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with conventional care. Two trials compared geriatric-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the interventions were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found seven studies with 840 children. The children were aged between six and 12 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings and were conducted in different countries. The studies were conducted in different countries and were conducted in different countries. The studies were conducted in different countries and were conducted in different countries. The studies were conducted in different
 We searched for studies up to May 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were compared with standard care or with a non-ICM intervention. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada,
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared box model training with no training. We found 25 trials that compared box model training with no training. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, clinic, and hospital. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, clinic, and hospital. The trials were conducted in different countries, including the United
 The review authors searched for clinical trials comparing glucocortoids versus saline or prednisone in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The review authors found two randomised clinical trials that compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline. The trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. The trial compared bud
 This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability.
 We included 57 studies that randomly allocated 34,390 participants to digital alcohol interventions. The studies were conducted in the UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United
 We searched for studies that compared benzodiazepines with placebo or other active treatments in people with panic disorders. We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants. The studies were short-term and did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found that benzodiazepines may be superior to placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. However, the number
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 13 small trials (1520 participants) that compared tai chi with other treatments. The studies were short term and had a high risk of bias. We found that tai chi reduced blood pressure by 96%, diastolic blood pressure by 96%, total cholesterol by 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol by 95%, high-density lip
 We searched for studies up to May 2015 and found 27 studies. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based interventions provided to all participants. These two groups of studies
 We searched for studies that compared corticosteroids with placebo or other treatments for nausea and vomiting in adult cancer patients. We included three studies, enrolling 451 participants. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and de
 We included 10 studies involving high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four cystic fibrosis (n = 429) and one each sickle cell disease (n = 219), cancer
 We included nine studies, randomising 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum. Three studies randomised participants to nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. The evidence is current to May 2014. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications, or surgical morbidity. There were no serious
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of different doses of dexamethasone in preterm infants. We found 14 studies that compared different doses of dexamethasone in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling 303 infants investigated the cumulative dose administered; three studies contrasted a high versus a moderate and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. The combined outcomes of death or BPD and
 The review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people. The trials compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Overall there were
 We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide spray to be effective in reducing trachoma. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced trachoma by 29.
 We searched for studies that compared CBT with usual care or other psychological therapies. We found 15 studies that compared CBT with other psychological therapies, including relaxation, counselling and education/support. The studies were small and had inconsistent results. The results of the studies were not consistent. The results of the studies were inconsistent. The results of the studies were not consistent. The results of the studies were inconsistent. The results of the studies were not consistent. The results of the studies were inconsistent
 We searched for studies that compared vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) with placebo (a fake medicine) in sickle cell disease. We included one study in this review. The study included 46 people with sickle cell disease. The participants were randomly assigned to receive either oral vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (a fake medicine). The study was conducted in the USA and included a total of 39 participants. The study was funded by the
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of different treatments for children with CAS. We found one study that compared the two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). The study recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. The study was funded by the Australian Research Council; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; Douglas and Lo
 We searched for studies that compared antibiotics with placebo or no treatment. We found four studies that compared antibiotics with either no treatment or a placebo. One study in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. Only the study in Brazil of trimethoprim-
 We included 43 trials involving predominantly older people with mainly trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) compared the intra
 We searched for studies that compared surgical management with medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. We found only low quality evidence that compared surgical management with medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. However, there is weak evidence in support
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared statins with placebo or no treatment. They included a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomised) studied the effects of atorvastatin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity,
 This review identified no new studies. We found no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised controlled trial assessing the benefits and risks of pal
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared temozolomide with radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). The authors found three RCTs enrolling a total of 745 patients that investigated temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). The results showed that temozolomide increased
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of these interventions in different settings. We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. One study conducted in Cambodia found that contracting-in may improve health care access and utilization and that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers performance. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The other study found that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers performance.
 We included three studies that involved 123 people. The studies were small and did not report the methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were
 We searched for studies that compared cerivastatin with placebo or no treatment. We found 52 studies that compared cerivastatin with placebo or no treatment. The studies were of any age with or without cardiovascular disease and the studies studied cerivastatin effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. Cerivastatin 0.025 mg/day to 0.8 mg/day caused LDL cholesterol decreases of 11.0% to 40.8%, total
 We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different interventions to prevent fatigue after stroke. We included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two
 Three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. Urine output was ascertained in only one study (Hu 1999). In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. One study (Malone 1991), glucose and insulin, compared to rectal cation-resin, caused a reduction in all cause
 This review included 12 studies with a total of 623 severely affected participants. The review found that IVIg hastens recovery as much as PE in severe disease. The review found that IVIg started within two weeks from onset hastens recovery as much as PE. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment but IVIg is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was
 We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, China, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, outpatient clinics, hospitals and clinics. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, out
 We included 25 trials (3663 children) in this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Sweden, Sweden, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and included children up to 16 years of age. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, hospitals and clinics. The
 We found 12 studies that compared low protein diets with no protein diets. The studies were conducted in people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. The studies were conducted in people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. The studies were conducted in people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. The studies were conducted in people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. The studies were conducted in people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. The studies were conducted in people with
 We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. The studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, and community centres. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, and community centres. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, and
 We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) involving 176 women. The trial included four groups with a factorial design. The trial compared rooming-in with separate care. The trial compared rooming-in with separate care. The trial compared rooming-in with separate care. The trial compared rooming-in with separate care. The trial compared rooming-in with separate care. The trial compared rooming-in with separate
 The review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants. The studies were of poor quality and included only two trials that reported the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect of stroke recurrence and quality of life.
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the timing of placement of implants and the length of time patients had to wait for the tooth to be filled. Four RCTs were identified but only seven trials could be included. Four RCTs evaluated implant placement timing. Two RCTs compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One RCT compared immediate-delayed versus delayed implants
 We found two trials that compared clioquinol with placebo in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared clioquinol with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for per protocol analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change
 We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. PAH participants treated with PDE5 inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class (high-certainty evidence), to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD (high-certainty
 We included 22 trials involving 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, China, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in the USA,
 We searched for studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily with placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. All used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. The studies lasted 7-12 months. The average decrease in growth was -1.54 cm per year. In children with mild-moderate
 This review found that APD does not differ from CAPD in terms of mortality, risk of peritonitis, switching from original PD modality to a different dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks, catheter removal or hospital admissions. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need
 This review found 37 trials (9312 patients) that compared CRT with CRT. The results showed that CRT is better than CRT for most early stage HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression/relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM. RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of
 We searched for studies that compared opioids with other treatments, such as morphine, steroid, or morphine-containing drugs. We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"
 This review includes only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mostly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with a mean age of 57.3 years in the placebo group. This trial compared o
 We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email communication to usual care. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail and email versus usual care) there was no difference between the
 This review includes 11 studies involving 855 participants. The addition of postural restrictions to the Epley manoeuvre alone was not associated with any adverse effects. The addition of postural restrictions does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Epley manoeuvre alone and still expect to be
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included four studies (231 participants randomised) in this review. The studies compared different types of surgery versus different types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. The studies compared different types of surgery versus different types and doses of systemic steroids and antibiotics. The studies compared different types of surgery versus different types and doses of systemic steroids and antibiotics. The studies compared different types
 We included eight studies (709 participants) in this review. The studies lasted between one and nine months. The studies were conducted in the USA, Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. The studies compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods, and the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The studies lasted between one
 This review included 11 studies involving 3060 men with advanced prostate cancer. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogens compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy for advanced prostate cancer is less effective in terms of overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to adverse events. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate according to GRADE. The effects of non
 We found eight eligible trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada,
 We searched for studies that compared hCG priming to no priming, or to hCG priming alone. We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 units hCG compared to 10,000 units h
 This review found 24 trials, but only 16 (10,114 women) had analyseable data. Meta-analyses showed no effect of either ERT or HRT on prevention of cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies with 880 participants. The studies compared a combination of ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily) with a combination of LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). The studies lasted 12 weeks. Both studies used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (flu
 This review included two pharmacotherapy and three psychotherapy trials, with data from four short-term trials (169 participants) available for analysis. The results of these trials suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating patients with BDD. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modal
 This review found three small trials that examined cotrimoxazole prevention and involving 268 adults. The studies were small and compared cotrimoxazole desensitization to cotrimoxazole rechallenge. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies
 We included three studies enrolling 148 newborn infants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the early stages of neonatal rebirth. The studies were conducted in the early stages of neonatal rebirth. The studies were conducted in the early stages of neonatal rebirth. The studies were conducted in the early stages of neonatal rebirth. The studies were conducted in the early stages of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared antibiotics with placebo or no treatment in people with NTS. We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in
 We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of IL-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positiveness threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 29 studies (5718 participants). The studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The review contains 11 comparisons in total.
 We searched for evidence on 15 May 2018. We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (<unk>g) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the selenium arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal
 We searched for studies that compared different anthracycline infusion durations in adults with different solid tumours. We found 11 studies that compared different anthracycline infusion durations. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in children and adults. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of hypothermia therapy with other treatments in people with TBI. We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for death, 31 studies reported data for unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14
 This review identified three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very different in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for the treatment of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy
 This review included three trials involving 206 participants, all patients with vascular dementia. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, clinic, and hospital. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, clinic, hospital, and hospital. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, clinic, hospital, and hospital. The trials were conducted in
 This review found seven randomised controlled trials including 960 participants. The quality of the trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. The evidence is current to January 2014. The results of this review suggest that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduces the chances of developing a seroma and reduces the number of post-operative seroma aspirations.
 We searched for studies that compared flavonoids with other drugs to prevent colorectal cancer. We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The results from the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were contradictory. There was no evidence that total flavonoids intake
 We included seven randomised controlled trials with 1369 participants. All trials had high risk of bias. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS with the diagnostic test accuracy of a laparotomy. They found two studies that met the inclusion criteria of this systematic review. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK
 We searched for studies that compared treatments for blepharitis with other types of blepharitis, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics. We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared different treatments for blepharitis. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in different countries, and the treatments were compared with each other. We found no strong evidence for any
 We found one study with a total of 23 participants. The study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is
 We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the
 We searched for studies that compared sterile water with saline or saline for low back pain. We found seven studies, with 766 women, that compared sterile water with saline or saline. All women had low back pain in labour only. The studies were small and had poor methodological quality. We found no evidence that sterile water is effective for low back pain. We found no difference in delivery or other
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants. The studies were conducted in Lichtenstein, Germany, USA, Canada, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted
 We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors
 We searched for studies that compared codeine with placebo or other painkillers. We included 15 studies, including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Twelve
 The review included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with sickle cell disease aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. The interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The quality of evidence was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation conceal
 We searched for studies that compared brivaracetam with placebo or no treatment. We included six studies that compared brivaracetam with other treatments, such as a steroid or a placebo. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012 and included 2411 participants. The studies were of short duration, and included participants between 16 and 80 years of age. The studies were of moderate
 We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence in the evidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms (high confidence), presented clearly and
 We searched for studies that compared different psychological therapies for anorexia nervosa. We found 10 studies, with a total of 599 participants, and included them in the review. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse
 The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to receive either silicone oil or perfluropropane (C3F8) gas tamponades. The third trial was a multi-
 We searched for studies up to May 2015 and found five studies involving 1819 women. The studies were of high quality and included a wide range of hypertensive disorders. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the United States, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, the UK, and the United Kingdom
 We included six studies (involving 142 participants) in this review. Two compared three-times-a-week prophylaxis with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. The number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up was not pooled due to significant heterogeneity. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated hemophilia A; one showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleed
 We included one new study in this update. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. Data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). In total, eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment groups.
 The review included two studies involving 447 women with RhD negative babies. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. The women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. One of the studies
 The review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies investigated clopidogrel compared to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or clopidogrel in combination with aspirin to aspirin alone. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared non-invasive ventilation with other techniques for airway clearance. We included 10 trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one evaluated a six-week intervention, one evaluated a three-month intervention and one a three-month intervention. We found no clear differences between non-invasive ventilation and oxygen or room air except for
 We searched for studies that compared nocturnal-NIPPV with placebo in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the
 We included four studies, involving 1190 women. The studies were of moderate quality. The studies were conducted in the UK, the USA, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the UK, the USA, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the UK, the USA, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the UK, the USA, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the UK, the USA, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the
 We searched for randomised clinical trials that compared vitamin D with placebo or no intervention in people with rheumatoid diseases. We found 56 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included
 The review included 22 randomized controlled trials, with a total of 296 participants for fluoxitine, 2036 for orlistat, and 1047 for sibutramine. The magnitude of weight loss was modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. The safety of sibutramine is uncertain. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
 We searched for studies that compared VGB with CBZ in people with epilepsy. We found five studies involving a total of 734 participants. The studies were of poor quality and were of high risk of bias. We found no significant differences between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the addition of plerixafor to G-CSF mobilisation and collection of stem cells. We found four RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. Two of these trials closed prematurely due to low recruitment and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received
 We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. The results suggest that weighted vaginal cones are better than no active treatment in women with SUI
 We included 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study). Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The effect of self-monitoring plus education on TTR was uncertain compared with usual care. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression (low-quality evidence). The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care. The effect of
 This review included 70 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (11,487 women) comparing prostaglandin E2 with no treatment, placebo or no treatment, four different prostaglandin formulations (gels versus tablets, or sustained release pessaries) and one trial compares PGF2a with placebo. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (a variety of measures) is uncertain. Prostaglandins probably
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared cot-nursing with incubator care. We found five trials, involving 247 infants, that compared cot-nursing with warming of the nursery. The results showed that cot-nursing resulted in no significant difference in body temperature, but the one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia found this to be statistically more common in the cot-
 We included three studies, involving 146 participants. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate.
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found three studies, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The prostaglandin
 We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). The results of these studies suggest that continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and lower overall mortality (lower overall mortality) and lower mortality in infants
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found six studies involving 157 participants. The studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. The studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. The studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. The results of the review suggest that foam wound dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings. The results of the pooled data
 We found three trials that compared surgical intervention with endoscopy in patients with chronic pancreatitis. The trials included 111 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the early stages of chronic pancreatitis and were conducted in the early stages of the disease. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were small and had methodological limitations. The trials were of low quality. The
 This review found only one randomised controlled trial that met our inclusion criteria. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. The patients were randomly allocated to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) (n = 415) or delayed post-operative bathing (dressing to be retained for at least 48 hours before removal
 We searched for studies that compared prednisone with no treatment in people with Parkinson's disease. We found one study that compared prednisone with no treatment in 35 participants. The study was small and had a high risk of bias. The study did not report the main outcome for this systematic review. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one prednisone-treated participant died. The trial did not report changes in grip strength
 We searched for studies that compared the use of a remote check-up to being seen face-to-face. We found six studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were generally randomised and included people with asthma taking regular medications and excluded those with COPD or severe asthma. One study compared the two types of check-up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma and we assessed it as a separate question. We could not say whether
 The review authors searched for studies that compared exercise therapy with other treatments for JIA. They found three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK
 We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients, and one with ICU patients). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The trials were conducted in all settings. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in
 We searched for studies that compared whole grain diets with other types of diets, such as refined grains, whole grain or refined grains. We found nine studies that compared whole grain diets with other types of diets. The studies were small and had a small number of participants. We found no evidence that whole grain diets reduced the risk of death or heart attacks. We found no evidence that whole grain diets reduced cholesterol. We found no evidence that whole grain diets
 We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 38 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Only one study was judged at low risk of bias. Eight studies were judged at high risk of selection bias because of lack of allocation concealment and over half the of the studies were at high risk of selective reporting bias. Three small studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in
 The review included four studies. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were compared to a control group. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. The studies were compared to a control group. The studies were compared to a control group. The studies were compared to a control group. The studies were compared to a control group. The studies were compared to a
 Five studies (696 participants) met the inclusion criteria; 24 participants were treated with fenoprofen 12.5 mg, 23 with fenoprofen 25 mg, 79 with fenoprofen 50 mg, 78 with fenoprofen 100 mg, 146 with fenoprofen 200 mg, 55 with fenoprofen 300 mg, 43 with zomepirac 100
 We searched for trials up to January 2015 and found six trials. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857 women); two trials included women having surgery for prolapse and compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). The largest most rigorous trial to date
 The review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics. However, non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptics are less clear. Further trials should clarify non-quinolone antibiotic effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of
 We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. The studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five
 We included 10 studies, of which 5 were new to this update. All interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group
 This review included 14 studies with 753 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, Germany, Italy, Japan, Japan, China, and the United Kingdom. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, clinics, hospitals, and clinics. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, clinics, hospitals, and clinics. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings
 We found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt needles was compared to the use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of blunt needles will thus prevent one glove perforation in every six operations
 The review included seven randomised controlled trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between trifluoperazine and low-potency antipsychotics in terms of response to treatment (trifluoperazine 26%, low-
 We found nine eligible trials including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (MD <unk>1.36, 95%
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of folic acid and multivitamin B supplements on ankle brachial index (ABI) in people with peripheral arterial disease. The authors found two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (AB
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of sealants in permanent molar teeth. We found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. One study compared the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of sealants in permanent molar teeth. The study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited
 We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (risk ratio (RR) 0.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 0.97 in 16 RCTs; 16 trials of 7637 women). This was not accompanied
 We searched for studies that compared probiotics with other antifungal drugs. We found 10 studies that met our inclusion criteria. All studies used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term clinical or mycological cure. Probiotics
 We included seven trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification. Two trials were conducted in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four trials were conducted in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle income
 We searched for studies that compared laser photocoagulation with currently available lasers to no (or deferred) treatment. We included five studies in the review. The majority of people in four of these studies were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy; one study recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinopathy. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal photocoagulation with argon laser and one study investigated selective photocoagul
 We included two trials involving 269 participants. The participants were mostly men (67%; the mean age was 65 years). The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias.
 We included four trials involving 388 women. The trials compared different analgesic agents and methods for providing pain relief. The trials were small and had a high risk of bias. The trials were small and compared different analgesic agents and methods. The trials were of unclear to high risk of bias. The trials were small and had a high risk of bias. The trials were of unclear to high risk of bias. The trials were of different methods to measure
 We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different drugs to determine whether or not any of the drugs were effective. We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different treatment regimens. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found moderate-quality evidence that interferon beta-1a and MTX did not have an effect on the progression of IBM. We found moderate-quality evidence
 We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were funded by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezolid. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials
 We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 512 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, hospital, and outpatient settings. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, hospital, and outpatient settings. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, hospital, and outpatient settings. The trials were conducted in
 This review of randomised controlled trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects. The effect of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of CPR plus delayed defibrillation (CPR plus delayed defibrillation) and CPR plus one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy before defibrillation on survival to hospital discharge, neurological insult and survival at one year. We found four RCTs with a total of 3090 participants. The evidence is current to
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the routine use of any particular intervention for ovarian stimulation in IVF. They found 15 trials. Ten trials involving eight different comparison groups have been included. Only one trial reported live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol compared to stop protocol and GnRH antagonist protocol. Total dose of gonadotroph
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared family intervention with no intervention. We found 53 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA,
 We searched for studies that compared the use of drug-eluting balloons with uncoated balloon angioplasty. We found three studies that randomized a combined total of 263 participants. All three studies examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. The studies were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of steroids with no treatment. We found seven studies that included 922 children with KD. The studies ranged from 32 to 242 children. The studies were conducted in Asia, China, Thailand, Thailand, and Thailand. The studies were conducted in children aged between two and 12 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Japan, and China. The studies were conducted in the USA, Japan,
 We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies involved comparisons of PIP with control groups only. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated,
 We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared supplementary oxygen to room air for women in labour during anaesthesia. We found 11 trials with 753 women. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence
 We included 12 studies involving 2196 participants. Six of these studies provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%)). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these studies (I2 = 96.3%). Two studies provided data for the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which
 We searched for randomised clinical trials comparing these drugs with controls. We found 15 randomised clinical trials evaluating 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The trimetazidine group had a significantly shorter hospital stay than control. There were no significant differences in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Methylpre
 We included 61 studies, including 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The prevalence of adverse renal effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to diversity of included malignancies, received treatments, reported outcome measures, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of available evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence of chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4%
 The review authors searched for trials that compared the effectiveness of two phytomedicines, Niprisan (also known as Nicosan) and Ciklavit (a phytomedicine that is a dietary supplement) in reducing painful sickle cell disease crises. The authors found two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan (also known as Nicosan) and Ciklavit (a dietary supplement that is
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PET-adapted therapy with standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) in people with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan. We included three studies involving 1999 participants. The studies were reported as RCTs; blinding was not reported, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One study was published in abstract form only; hence, detailed assessment of the
 We searched for studies that compared different hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. We found 31 studies that met our inclusion criteria. No new trials were eligible in 2014. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives; others examined different hormonal contraceptives, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an
 We searched for studies that compared land-based therapeutic exercise programmes with placebo or no treatment. We found 10 studies that compared land-based therapeutic exercise programmes with placebo or no treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA,
 This review found nine high-quality studies involving 260 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, and community centres. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, and community centres. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospitals, clinics, and community centres. The studies were conducted
 This review included only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy with delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The trial had a high risk of bias. The trial had a low number of participants and had a high risk of bias. The trial had a high risk of bias. The trial had a low number of participants and had a high risk of bias. The trial had a high risk of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of antibiotics for people undergoing orthognathic surgery with short-term antibiotics. We found 11 trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were small and had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that people undergoing orthognathic surgery should be given long-term antibiotics to prevent SSI. However, we found no evidence that short
 We searched for studies that compared the use of preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation with spontaneous preterm birth. We found one small study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The study was poorly designed and did not detect any significant differences in the outcomes of caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for fetal gastroschisis. The primary
 We searched for studies that compared paracetamol with other painkillers, such as opioids, or other non-paracetamol medications. We found three studies in adults, and 95 completed treatment. All studies used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of antimuscarinic drugs with placebo or other drugs. The review authors found 15 trials that were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. The trials were of poor quality and the quality of the reporting was poor. Most often the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propant
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found six studies, comprising 195 participants with MS. Two studies investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies, expiratory muscle training with a threshold device; and one study, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (<unk> 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. Three studies compared expiratory muscle training versus no active control or sham training. Under a fixed-effect
 This review included one randomised clinical trial in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised to receive betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) or no medication. The trial did not find any difference in the risk of bleeding in the newborn. The trial did not report on the number of women who died, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage or neonatal intracranial haemorrhage. The review authors did
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the studies. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all
 We searched for studies that compared iron supplements with placebo or no treatment. We included 67 studies, recruiting 8506 women. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (moderate quality evidence). Women receiving iron had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the end of
 This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The top-up search resulted in an additional ongoing trial, the results of which have not been incorporated in this review. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination chemotherapy over irinotecan alone, thus both regimens remain reasonable options in treating patients with advanced or metastatic CRC. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly
 This review found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transverse incision is less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times
 We included nine studies with 981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across studies ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All included studies were judged as having high risk of bias and high risk of detection bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less
 We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response between bisphosphonates and control regimens in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. Bisphosphonates probably reduced the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. Bisphosphonates probably increased the number of kidney adverse events. We found no clear difference in the number of participants with osteo
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with relapsed FL. We found five RCTs involving 1093 patients. The five trials were randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. The quality of the five trials was judged to be moderate. The trials were reported as
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared WDD with placebo or no treatment. We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) that compared WDD with antipsychotic drugs. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 12 studies with 799 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of de-escalation techniques with other techniques. We found one study that compared de-escalation techniques with other techniques. The study was conducted in France and included 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but measured behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-
 We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults. We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including
 We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included seven studies with 333 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in hospital and outpatient settings. The studies were conducted in different countries and the treatment duration varied between the studies. The antiviral agents in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovir. The duration of the studies varied from 20
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared insulin detemir with insulin glargine for reducing blood sugar levels. We found four studies that involved 2250 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and
 We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of SNS with placebo or no treatment. The RCTs were conducted in Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Sweden, Norway, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Norway, Sweden, Norway,
 The evidence is current to January 2014. We included two studies with 190 participants. Both studies were conducted in the USA and the results were compared to those of bonded molar tubes with either a chemically-cured or light-cured adhesive. The results showed that the failure of molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or light-cured adhesive was considerably higher than that of molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement.
 We searched for studies published between 1988 and 2012 that compared the diagnostic accuracy of EUS with the diagnostic accuracy of other diagnostic tools. We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for inclusion in this review. The studies were based on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. The quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias and two studies presented
 We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age in the trials varied
 We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, in this review. The studies were of generally good methodological quality. We judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. The studies were of moderate or very low quality. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those
 We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up). The trials were of moderate quality, and included a number of different outcomes. The trials were of different methods of measuring carotid stenosis and the definition of
 We searched for studies that compared different surgical approaches to prevent parastomal herniation. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria. The participants were aged 37 to 60 years, ulcerative colitis (14 to 60), familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60), and other (2/60). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of parasto
 We searched for studies that compared supportive therapy with standard care or other psychological or psychosocial treatments. We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for
 We searched for studies that compared NSAIDs with opioids or other painkillers. We found 11 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were randomised 949 people with moderate or severe cancer pain. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind, and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None
 The review authors searched for studies that compared low-molecular-weight heparins with placebo (a dummy treatment) or other low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. The authors found two studies that included 287 participants. The first study involved 253 participants and the second study involved 34 participants. The two studies were of very low quality. The two studies were conducted in the USA and the two studies
 We found no randomised controlled trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. We found no randomised controlled trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. We found no randomised controlled trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. We found no randomised controlled trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings. We found 26 RCTs (2066 patients). The trials compared different types of silver dressings, including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream, hydrofibre dressings, and hydrofibre dressings. The trials compared different types of dressings, including silver sulphadiazine cream,
 We searched for studies that compared monotherapy with other antibiotics for the treatment of people with VAP. We found 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the empiric use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP. The particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. We
 We included 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. The effects of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared one-to-one oral health maintenance and improvement with no oral health maintenance. We included 19 studies with 4232 participants. The studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising
 The review authors searched for studies that compared oral steroids with placebo or no treatment. They found five small trials that met the inclusion criteria. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) of oral steroids or no treatment; one trial (28 participants) of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial (32 participants) of manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. The trials were
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared rTMS with sham TMS. We found three trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative
 We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg) than prednisone alone (1.0 mg/kg). Another trial showed no difference in disease control at 6 months. No differences in disease control were seen for different dose
 The review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
 We found 22 studies that evaluated pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis to prevent pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 women, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0.75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 studies). Outcomes included
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage in patients with a variety of oral cancers. We included 15 studies with 561 patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight
 We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 participants) compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing statins with placebo or no treatment had lower risk of bias overall; and were conducted according to published protocols
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of different drugs for pain in children with CYP with LLCs. We found nine studies with 379 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were mainly conducted in children with cerebral palsy and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI). The studies were mainly conducted in children with CYP with a variety of different types of CY
 We searched for studies that compared latrepirdine with placebo in people with Alzheimers disease. We found seven studies involving 1697 participants. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found no data from the seventh trial. Three studies involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four studies involving 1034 patients were included in analyses of safety and tolerability outcomes. We considered five studies to be at high risk of bias due to selective
 We included seven randomised controlled trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects of RIC on ischaemic stroke prevention. In people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC (low-quality evidence
 We included six studies, involving 204 preterm infants. The studies were conducted in low-resource settings, and were conducted in preterm infants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in preterm infants who were born before the age of one month. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in preterm infants who were born before one
 We searched for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention, or to other interventions, or to PEMs as part of a multifaceted intervention. We found 45 studies that compared PEMs to no intervention, or to other interventions, or to PEMs as part of a multifaceted intervention. We found that PEMs may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect of PEMs
 This review included 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources (e.g. free sexual health services). A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned
 We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychoeducation with cognitive behavior therapy. Participants receiving brief psychoeducation were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (moderate quality evidence). Compliance with follow-up was similar between the two groups in the short term (n = 448, 3
 We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent exacerbations was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk of
 We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. The studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The studies were conducted in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The studies were conducted in the USA (two studies) and Spain. The studies were conducted
 The review included eight studies with a total of four studies. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, the USA and the UK. The studies were conducted in the primary care setting and in the secondary care setting. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, the USA and the UK. The studies were conducted in the following areas: primary care, secondary care and tertiary care. The studies were conducted in the following areas: primary
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of surgical treatment of stricture disease with other treatments. The authors found two trials that compared surgical treatment with urethrotomy and urethroplasty in 210 men with stricture disease. The results of the two trials were not consistent. The results of the two trials were not consistent. The results of the two trials were not consistent. The results of the two trials were not
 We included six trials (including one trial testing two relevant protocols) in the review. The four paediatric trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high methodological quality. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the meta-analyses. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacer
 We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of nebulised salbutamol, saline and mist in a tent for treating bronchiolitis in children up to three years old. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria. The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. The study did not report on the costs of the interventions. The study did not report on
 We searched for studies that compared statins with placebo or no treatment. We found four studies that included 1154 participants. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible dementia according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in the cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we combined data, there was no significant benefit from statins (mean difference -
 Four studies involving 149 participants met inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing a night splint and not wearing a night splint. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 25 studies that compared the benefits and harms of walking and ambulant positions versus recumbent positions and bed care. The studies were of variable methodological quality. The results should be interpreted with caution as the methodological quality of the 25 included trials (5218 women) was variable. The results should be interpreted with caution as the methodological quality of the 25 included trials (5218 women) was variable. The
 We searched for studies that compared the use of a botulinum toxin injection to a placebo injection. We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. The first trial involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The
 Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. The evidence is current to May 2015. The hand brace was shown to improve symptoms and function after four weeks. The hand brace was also shown to improve symptoms and function after seven weeks of ultrasound treatment. The hand brace was also shown to improve symptoms and function after four weeks of ultrasound treatment. The hand brace was also shown to improve symptoms and function after seven weeks of ultrasound treatment. The hand brace was also shown to
 We searched for studies that compared IVS with observation or no treatment. We found two studies that enrolled 708 participants with CRVO-ME. The studies compared IVS with steroid injections and observation alone. The studies compared IVS with steroid injections and observation alone. The studies enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not provide subgroup data for the CRVO-ME population. The
 This review included six randomised controlled trials involving a total of 394 children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness, safety or cost of using epidural therapy for treating severe pre-eclampsia in non-labouring women. We included one small study (involving 24 women) in this review. The study was conducted in Mexico and compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids
 We searched for randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention in people with alcoholic liver disease. We found 16 trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in different countries, and were conducted in different countries. The trials were conducted in different countries, and were conducted in different countries. The trials were conducted in different countries, and were conducted in different countries
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of a driving simulator with a control group or a control group. We included four studies involving 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The main outcome was that there was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in
 We searched for studies that compared short-duration treatment with longer-duration treatment. We found eight studies with 582 participants. The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of red blood cell transfusions with other types of blood transfusions. We found one RCT that included 13 participants. The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and included a total of 68 participants. The study did not report on death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admission
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the effects of educational games on patient and process of care outcomes. They found two studies that compared the effects of educational games with traditional case-based learning of stroke prevention and management. The results of the review did not confirm nor refute the utility of educational games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared lithium or antidepressants with other medications for preventing relapse in unipolar affective disorder. We found eight studies involving 475 people. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was
 Two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia (130 patients), the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one
 We searched for studies up to May 2015 and found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. The studies were conducted in Canada, Canada, and the USA. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including clinics, schools, and home settings. The studies were conducted in different countries, and the children were aged between 29 months and six years. The studies were conducted in different countries, and the children were aged between 29 months and six
 We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found that exercise-based rehabilitation may improve exercise capacity. We cannot assess the impact on other outcomes. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed in order to assess the impact of exercise-based rehabilitation on patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and quality of life.
 We searched for studies that compared spiritual or religious interventions with usual care or with other types of care. We found five studies that included 1130 participants. The studies were conducted in the same country, and the studies were conducted in different ways. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of life
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found six studies with a total of 137 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA,
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 12 studies (461) that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were small and did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that LASB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS. We found no evidence that
 We included 14 studies, including 2488 participants, in this review. The results of this review show that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in Bell's palsy of various degrees of severity, or in people with severe Bell's palsy. Corticosteroids alone were probably more effective than antivirals alone and antivirals plus corticosteroids were more effective than placebo
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of LHRH agonists in the treatment of relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC. We found two studies, including 97 women, that compared LHRH agonists (leuprorelin) with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) and compared them with a placebo (Currie 1994). The studies were
 We found 17 randomised controlled trials that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus standard care (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (high-quality evidence). Mercier 1998 compared iNO versus control but allowed back-up treatment with iNO for infants who continued to satisfy the same criteria for severity of illness after two hours.
 This review included seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people). The quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It remains unclear whether lumbar supports are more
 We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18 including patients in intensive care units (ICUs), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. The magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied between studies that enrolled different types of participants. For the outcome of catheter
 The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary intervention studies. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included 12 randomised controlled trials (1023 participants) reporting 14 comparisons. The evidence is current to May 2014. The current evidence base does not suggest that foam dressings are more effective in the healing of venous leg ulcers than other wound dressing treatments. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted RCTs, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly,
 The review authors searched for studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo in patients with IBD. They found two studies that met the inclusion criteria. One study compared etoricoxib to placebo in IBD patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. The other study compared celecoxib to placebo in patients with active ulcerative colitis. Both studies were judged to be at low
 We searched for studies that compared different topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings, non-antimicrobial dressings, and antimicrobial dressings. We found 22 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 37) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). We found that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing
 We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in children aged between six and 12 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the
 This review found 10 studies including 33,179 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in children with acute and chronic undernutrition. The studies were conducted in children with acute and chronic undernutrition. The studies were conducted in children with acute and chronic undernutrition. The studies were conducted in children with acute and chronic undernutrition. The studies were conducted in children with acute and chronic undernutrition. The studies were conducted
 The review of trials found that the use of theophylline in combination with other medications may improve the symptoms of COPD. However, the use of theophylline in combination with other medications may also improve the symptoms of COPD. Theophylline may also improve the ability to breathe and improve the ability to exercise. Theophylline may also improve the ability to breathe and improve the ability to exercise. Theophylline may also improve the ability
 We searched for studies that compared oral immunotherapy with placebo or no treatment. We found 10 studies that involved 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in different countries, and each study used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. The studies were conducted in different countries, and the children were aged from 1 year to 18 years. The studies were conducted in different countries, and the
 We included four studies involving a total of 579 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the UK. The
 We searched for studies that compared different types of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. We found four small studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydrocoeles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydrocoeles) and surgery (120 patients with 123 hydrocoele
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We found one RCT that compared nebulised rhDNase with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. The RCT was
 We searched for studies that compared psychological therapies with usual care or a waiting list. We found 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen included studies compared the studied psychological therapy with usual
 We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 63 studies in our review, which included 3027 participants. We found that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We found that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery
 Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene); second-generation antipsychotics (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamot
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different washout policies. We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, hospital, and community settings. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital, hospital, and community settings. The trials were conducted in a variety of
 We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a subgroup of 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors),
 We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, and the United Kingdom. The trials were based on a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics. The combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduced the risk of respiratory infections and overall mortality in adults receiving intensive care. The combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduced the risk of respiratory infections but not mortality. The risk of
 The review authors searched for studies that compared educational interventions to prevent or reduce the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. They included five studies. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition.
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included four studies (416 women) in the review. The studies compared glucocorticoids supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events
 We included eight randomised controlled trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo, standard-dose rhGH (0.3 mg/kg/week) and high-dose rhGH (0.5 mg/kg/week). Six trials lasted
 We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the workplaces of 1,695 workers. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada,
 This review included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1758 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The trials were conducted in the outpatient setting and were of moderate quality. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the UK. The
 We included 13 randomised controlled trials (975 participants) that compared social skills training with standard care or a discussion group. The studies were conducted in China, the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in different settings. The studies were conducted in different countries and the results were not consistent. The results of the studies were not consistent. The results of the studies were not consistent. The results of the studies were not consistent.
 This review included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 225 participants with tophi at baseline. The participants were randomly allocated to either pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly pegloticase infusion (pegloticase infusion alternating with placebo infusion every two weeks) or placebo. The results of the study were compared to those of placebo infusion. Pegloticase infusion was
 The review of three studies found that oral immunoglobulin or an IgG/IgA combination did not reduce the incidence of NEC, suspected NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. The evidence does not support the administration of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. There are no randomized controlled trials of oral immunoglobulin alone for the prevention of NEC.
 This review found that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
 We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income settings. We found that some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, pre
 We included 23 studies involving 2467 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, China, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the
 This review found eight studies involving 1109 participants that compared heavy sedation with light sedation. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the
 We searched for studies that compared molindone with placebo (a dummy drug). We found 14 studies that compared molindone with placebo. The duration of the studies ranged from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation to trials lasting over three months. The evidence is current to May 2014. We found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between molindone and placebo. Molindone is no more or less likely than typical drugs to cause movement disorders
 We searched for studies that compared different treatments for melasma. We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. The treatments were compared to either a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid
 We searched for studies that compared the use of 5-FU with other types of surgery, such as combined surgery or ad hoc surgery. We found 12 studies that compared 5-FU with other types of surgery. The studies were a minimum of one year long. The studies were of low quality, which means that they were at high risk of bias. The studies were small and had a small number of participants. The studies were not well designed and reported the results of the
 This review found that inhaled steroids in COPD did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. Long-term use of ICS did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in FEV1 in COPD patients. Long-term use of ICS reduced the rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible. Long-term use of ICS reduced the rate of decline
 We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing 20 different NSAIDs versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials compared 20 different NSAIDs versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials compared 20 different NSAIDs versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials
 We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low levels of PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. We found no statistically significant differences between the two groups in the risk of
 This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) comparing HES products with other fluids. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA
 We searched for studies that compared Rheum officinale with no treatment or with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor. We found nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. The studies were of low quality and were of low risk of bias. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi).
 We searched for studies that compared the accuracy of the IQCODE with the accuracy of the language used in the IQCODE. We found 13 studies, which included data from 2745 people with dementia. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the United States, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the general hospital setting, in the general hospital setting, and in the specialist memory setting. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found three studies involving 91 participants. The studies investigated different types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. The studies included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared with task practice therapy only; and occupational,
 The review included four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. Randomisation was performed one week after transplantation in one of the trials and after six months after transplantation in another; from transplantation until randomisation, HBIg alone was given to all patients in the two trials. A third trial compared combination treatment with lamivudine and HBIg versus
 This review included ten studies, involving 1019 participants who were followed between three months and 10 years. The studies were conducted in China, India, the USA, and the UK. The studies were conducted between three months and 10 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA,
 We searched for studies that compared social norms interventions to prevent alcohol misuse among college/university students. We found 70 studies (44,958 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found three studies with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented with a high risk of bias, which means that we are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and functional restrictions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes after THA. There is also insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared LNG-IUD with expectant management. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current to
 We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of occupational PEP with placebo (a dummy treatment). We found only one case-control study that compared PEP with placebo. The study was conducted in the USA, and the results were not consistent. The study was conducted in the USA, and the results were not consistent. The study was conducted in the USA, and the results were not consistent. The study was conducted in the USA, and the results were not consistent. The
 This review found no evidence that behaviour therapy improves pain or mood. However, it has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-
 We searched for studies up to May 2015 and found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. None of the studies were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. All of the studies were conducted in countries where the population was not able to afford to pay for the intervention. We found 15 studies that provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). The studies were conducted in Finland, Ireland, Canada, Switzerland and Canada. The studies were
 We searched for studies that compared amitriptyline with placebo or other drugs. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. The studies compared amitriptyline with placebo, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa (Prolopa
 We searched for studies that compared immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants in adults with ARDS. We found 10 studies with 1015 participants. All studies compared an immunonutrition formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants. The studies were of different types and durations, and reported outcomes. We are uncertain whether immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants reduces the length of stay in the ICU and ventilat
 We searched for studies that compared different methods of eliciting AEs. We found 33 studies that compared different methods of eliciting AEs. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and included participants with a variety of AEs. Most studies were conducted in the United States, and included participants with a variety of AEs. Most studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, and included participants with a variety of AEs. Most
 We searched for studies that compared nocturnal supervision with nocturnal seizures. We found 15 studies that met our inclusion criteria. We found very low-quality evidence that nocturnal supervision prevents seizures in people with epilepsy. We found no evidence that nocturnal supervision prevents seizures in people with epilepsy. We found no evidence that nocturnal supervision prevents seizures in people with epilepsy. We found no evidence that noc
 The review included seven studies with a total of 258 participants. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance
 This review found that psychological therapy based on CBT principles is effective in reducing anxiety symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD.
 We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared progestogen therapy with placebo or no treatment. We included 12 trials (1,856 women) in this review. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five trials women had had
 We included 14 studies with 1298 pregnant women. Nine studies (704 women) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 women) compared MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection,
 We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, transradial approach reduced short-term NACE, cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and procedural success rates. However, short-term myocardial infarction was similar between both groups. The transradial approach had a lower
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies that met our inclusion criteria. One study was a randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared palliative care with a control group. The other study was a cluster RCT that compared a decision aid with a decision aid. The two studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure
 This review found that the different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of CrP supplements with other types of exercise, such as resistance or weight training, or with other types of exercise. We found nine studies involving 622 participants. The studies were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo plus resistance or weight training, the
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 11 studies with 886 participants. The studies were small and some did not provide data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There was some evidence of a difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and number
 We included five randomised controlled trials with 1049 women evaluating five different techniques during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). The women were women who had had a previous 'blind' procedure. The women were women who had had a previous 'blind' procedure. The women were women who had had a previous 'blind' procedure. The women were women who had had a previous
 We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births); two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared screening with a control group for pulmonary outcomes. The review authors found two trials involving 1,124,483 newborns with CF. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the USA. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom
 We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' (<unk> 120 mmHg) or'standard' (<unk> 140 mmHg) systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4
 The review included 14 studies (709 participants) that compared non-removable casts with removable pressure-relieving devices. The studies compared non-removable casts with dressings alone. The studies compared non-removable casts with non-removable pressure-relieving devices. The studies compared non-removable casts with non-removable pressure-relieving devices. The studies compared non-re
 We searched for studies that compared cognitive training with other treatments, such as medication, to prevent cognitive impairment. We found five studies that met our inclusion criteria. Two studies of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (100 participants), two of compensatory strategy training interventions (95 participants), one of meditation and one of physical activity intervention (19 participants) were identified. All studies focused on breast cancer survivors. The studies were of low quality and were rated as having a high risk of
 We searched for studies up to May 2014. We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental
 The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness of a colonic stent with the effectiveness of an emergency surgery. Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stenting and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The
 We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES and mannitol versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial.
 Ten studies involving 484 patients were included in this review. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy or patient satisfaction for any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another, but there was evidence that patients were less satisfied with placebo. There was some evidence suggesting that polidocanol (POL)
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of a drug to placebo or other treatments for the treatment of hyperkalaemia. We found seven studies (241 participants) that compared salbutamol with placebo or other treatments. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, Canada, the UK, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the
 We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotic) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. We included studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotic) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. We included studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotic) to standard
 We searched for studies that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care for the prevention of CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. We included 15 studies (1098 participants). Six studies investigated pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre-emptive treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-emptive treatment. The quality of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of sweet potato preparations with placebo (a dummy treatment). We found three RCTs that met our inclusion criteria: these investigated a total of 140 participants and ranged from six weeks to five months in duration. All three trials were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato
 We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with other therapies. We included 19 studies with 440 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an
 We included eight studies with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard insemination protocol. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. The low quality evidence showed that brief co-incubation was associated with an increased ongoing pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. Measuring clinical pregnancy rate, there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three studies including
 This review found five studies that recruited a total of 694 infants. The studies were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support. Most of the infants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance
 We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. TFU has been applied in many patient groups. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Due to
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of different strategies to improve retention of participants in trials. We found 38 eligible trials. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Include
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA
 We searched for studies up to January 2017. We included 19 studies, reported in 27 papers with a total of 1453 children. The studies were conducted in eight different countries and were recruited mainly from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen studies recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five studies specifically recruited only children with irritable
 We searched for studies that compared mass media interventions with other types of mass media, such as television, radio, or other forms of media. We found 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analyseable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. The studies were very different, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroup
 We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored the views and experiences of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income countries and 15 low-income countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We found that womens initial or continued use
 The review included 16 trials, involving 3361 patients, that compared calcium antagonists with other drugs. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodipine; the evidence for other calcium antagonists or intra
 We searched for studies that compared myeloablative therapy with conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment in children with high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were all conducted in children aged between one year and 18 months. The studies were conducted in different countries and all used different methods of analysis. The studies were conducted in different countries and the results were not uniform. The results of the studies were not consistent. The results of
 We searched for randomised clinical trials comparing TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone in people with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. We found eight trials that met our inclusion criteria. The average age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was
 This review found no randomised controlled trials that examined the effects of increasing energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. The review found no studies that directly compared increased versus standard energy intakes in infants with CLD/BPD. However, two included studies provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the
 We searched for studies that compared two-dimensional ultrasound with anatomical landmark techniques for central vein catheterization. We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low (subclavian vein N = 4, femoral vein N = 2) for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes (sub
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included 15 studies with 29 people with Alzheimer's disease. Four studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people, used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used a verum skin patch. The best dose physostigmine was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score
 We included 13 studies involving 16,112 participants. Eleven studies recruited participants with history of coronary heart disease, two studies recruited participants with history of stroke, and one study recruited participants with a mix of people with CVD. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2014. The evidence
 We included 12 studies involving 3285 women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women). All women received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL was less common in women who received
 We found 12 studies comparing amantadine and rimantadine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in children and adults. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, the UK and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK and the United Kingdom
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found nine studies that met our inclusion criteria. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies the women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight studies compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two studies also compared intentional endometrial injury in the cycle prior to
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found four studies (3905 participants) that compared professional oral care with usual oral care. The studies were all at high risk of bias. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We were unable to determine whether professional oral care resulted in a lower incidence rate of NHAP compared with usual oral care over an 18-month period. We were also unable to determine whether professional
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found five studies with 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) versus placebo, budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) versus placebo, mesalazine versus mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesala
 We included 12 randomised controlled trials in this review. Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one trial compared SMBG with SMUG, one trial was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with usual care and one trial was a three-armed trial comparing less intensive SMBG and more intensive SMBG with a control group. The duration of the intervention ranged from six months (26 weeks
 We searched for studies that compared psychological interventions with other types of treatment for people with AsPD. We found 11 studies involving 471 participants with AsPD. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Only two studies reported on reconviction, and only one on aggression. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but C
 This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses relating to purulent rhinitis, with up to 791 participants. The combined data is limited because some studies included only children, or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used and outcomes were measured in different ways. There was a moderate risk of
 We included five randomised controlled trials (162 participants) that compared penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). The average PASI score at baseline varied from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23 (i.e. severe) in four studies
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared vitamin D3 with placebo or no treatment. We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D3, and one trial tested vitamin D2. Vitamin D did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks' follow-up. Three studies reported health-related quality of life (HRQOL) using different HRQOL scales.
 We searched for studies that compared morphine with other painkillers, or with other drugs, for cancer pain. We included 62 studies with 4241 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the
 We searched for studies up to May 2015 and found 14 studies, totalling 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery
 Three randomised controlled trials, with 931 participants, tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and therefore, are considered at high risk of performance and detection bias. The studies were otherwise at low risk of bias
 We included five studies with 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. The follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two studies compared oral montelukast against placebo. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI between children receiving intranasal steroids
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of systemic treatments versus no treatment in children with CVCs. We found three studies that compared low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) with antithrombin (AT) supplementation. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted in children with CVCs. The studies were conducted in children with CVCs. The studies
 The review authors searched for clinical trials comparing CSFD with placebo or no treatment. They found three trials with a total of 287 participants operated on for Type I or II TAAA. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of the CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found 13 studies that compared NB-UVB with oral PUVA in people with CPP. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the
 We found 21 eligible studies with a total of 1525 participants. About half of the trials had low risk of bias for randomisation and allocation concealment. One small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. One small trial showed that adding biofeedback to electrical stimulation was better than electrical stimulation alone. The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people failing to achieve full continence was significantly lower when electrical stimulation was added to biofeedback compared
 This review included 39 randomised controlled trials. The trials were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. Confidence intervals were all wide. Using a urinary catheter versus not using one The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter was not used postoperatively. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any
 We searched for studies that compared aripiprazole with placebo or other drugs. We found 10 studies that compared aripiprazole with other drugs. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of antibiotics or other lock treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. We found two studies that evaluated urokinase or ethanol lock treatment with systemic antibiotics alone, and one study that evaluated ethanol lock treatment with systemic antibiotics alone. We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or urokinase lock treatment with systemic antibiotics alone regarding the
 This review found 15 studies that compared different types of educational interventions, including advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there is moderate quality evidence that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence that a
 This review identified 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the study design criteria for inclusion in this Cochrane review. The studies were of different types of communication, and were of different types of communication, and were of different types of communication. The studies were of different types of communication, and were of different types of communication, and were of different types of communication. The studies were of different types of communication, and were of different types of communication, and were of different types of communication.
 We found one randomised clinical trial that compared opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) with placebo. The study was conducted in the USA and included 304 patients. The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health. The study was conducted in the USA and included a total of 276 participants. The study was conducted in the USA and included a total of 304 participants. The study was conducted in the USA and included
 This review included 15 randomised controlled trials involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures. The trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation. The trials were of different types of patients and interventions. The trials were of different types of patient and interventions. The results of the trials were not consistent. The results of the trials were not consistent. The results of the trials were not consistent. The results of the trials were not consistent. The results of the
 We searched for studies that compared the effectiveness of early removal of ureteric stents with late removal. We found five studies that included 1127 patients. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the
 We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted using the Hall Technique) versus non-restorative caries treatment. In the two studies using crowns fitted using
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) in the review. The studies compared PEP with other methods of airway clearance, such as ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. The studies compared PEP with ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices
 The evidence is current to May 2014. We included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe CD. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. Moderate certainty evidence suggests that CZP is effective for induction of clinical
 We searched for studies that compared the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin, or other drugs to other treatments for heart failure. We included 26 studies (19,612 participants) in our meta-analyses. The results of the studies were uncertain due to the small number of participants and the small number of studies. The effects of ACEi or ARB
 The review included three studies involving 1945 women. The women were women who had had a sex birth. The women were given either intravenous oxytocin or a sex pump. The women were followed up for at least 48 hours. The women were followed up for at least six months. The women were followed up for at least six months. The women were followed up for at least six months. The women were followed up for at least six months
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found two studies involving 54 participants with CVI. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA
 The review authors searched for clinical trials comparing viscosupplements with placebo (a fake treatment) or other active treatments. They found 66 studies with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5) and a follow-up period of 18 months. Forty trials included comparisons of hyaluronan/hylan and placebo (saline or arthrocentesis), ten trials included comparisons of intra-articular (
 We searched for clinical trials that compared misoprostol with placebo (a dummy drug) or other drugs for the treatment of primary PPH. We found 10 trials that met our inclusion criteria. Four trials (1881 women) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Adjunctive use of misoprostol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration
 This review found six trials that evaluated the effects of cysteine chloride supplementation on growth and nitrogen balance in preterm infants. Five small trials evaluated short-term cysteine chloride supplementation of cysteine-free PN. One large multicenter trial evaluated short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-containing PN in extremely low birth weight infants. Growth was not significantly affected by cysteine supplementation
 We searched for randomised clinical trials that compared the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with steatohepatitis. We found 77 trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high risk of bias in one or more domains. Overall, all the
 We included 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI at baseline. The studies were of poor reporting, and included only a small number of participants. The studies were small and had a small number of participants. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for other dementias was not investigated in the included studies. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for other dementias had not been investigated in the included studies. The accuracy of these CSF biomark
 We searched for studies up to January 2015 and found three studies involving 170 participants. The studies were small and were conducted in the USA. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, Australia, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, the United Kingdom and the United
 We searched for studies that compared women who received topical corticosteroids of any potency with women who did not receive topical corticosteroids. We included 14 studies, with 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, congenital abnormalities, orofacial c
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effectiveness and safety of topical corticosteroids compared with no topical corticosteroids in improving visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacterial keratitis. We found four RCTs that met the inclusion criteria of this review. The total number of participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from
 We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 450 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the
 We included in the review one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. The trial was conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, the UK, and the UK. The children were aged between five and five years of age. The children were grouped into two groups: the control group and the intervention group. The children were divided into two groups: the control group and the intervention group. The children were divided into two groups: the control group and the intervention group. The children
 The review authors identified 30 scoring indices that were tested in 126 reports. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. Intra-rater reliability was assessed for eight scoring indices. Inter-rater reliability was evaluated for all 11 of the scoring indices. Three of the indices underwent content validation. Two of the included scoring indices assessed criterion validity. Six of the included scoring
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared nailing versus plating in 213 adults with distal tibial metaphyseal fractures. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at
 We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 studies
 The evidence is current to January 2014. We found four studies that compared B-sitosterols with placebo or no treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK
 We searched for studies that compared regular salmeterol with placebo or salbutamol. We found 26 studies comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight studies comparing salbutamol with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. All-cause mortality was higher with regular salmeterol than placebo but the
 The review authors searched for studies that compared the effects of thyroid hormone treatment on the severity of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. They found two studies that enrolled preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The studies were conducted in Japan, the United States and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. The studies were conducted in the United States and the United Kingdom. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, the United
 We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in a variety of settings, including hospital settings, clinics, and hospitals. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. The studies were conducted in the United States, Canada, and
 We searched for studies that compared bisphosphonate therapy with placebo (a dummy treatment) or other bone treatments. We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in our review. The studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. Bisphosphonate therapy was usually commenced in the perioperative period (within 3 weeks) and regardless of BMD. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or
 We searched for studies that compared magnesium with other drugs or placebo (dummy treatment). We found four studies involving 317 people. Three studies studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/day. One study studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. The studies were conducted in the
 We searched for studies that compared antibiotics with placebo or no treatment for people with rhinosinusitis. We found 15 studies involving 3057 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and the UK. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada
 The review of eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with resectable carcinoma of the stomach. However, the increased incidence of postoperative mortality reduces its therapeutic benefit.
 This review found 13 studies, 1158 participants, that compared oral naltrexone with placebo or no pharmacological treatment. The results of this review suggest that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. If oral naltrexone is compared with other pharmacological treatments such as benz
 We searched for studies that compared the consistency of fluids in people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. We included two studies that examined the effect of modifying the consistency of fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared natural cycle IVF with standard IVF. We included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using standard IVF,
 We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. The studies lasted six weeks to one year. The participants were aged between 61 and 74 years. The studies were conducted in China, India, the USA, Japan, China, India, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United States. The studies were conducted in different countries and were of different styles and forms. The studies were compared to other interventions (i.e.
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared virtual reality and interactive video gaming to conventional therapy. We included 72 studies that involved 2470 participants. The studies were generally small and the interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using
 We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of adding fluoroquinolones to standard regimens for treating drug-sensitive TB. We found five RCTs (1330 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first
