This review of 38 studies found that children and their carers who present to an urgent care clinic for acute asthma attacks can be more likely to be admitted to an acute care unit than those who are not. This review found no differences between the two groups in terms of other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medications use and symptoms).
We found 130 studies with a total of 8341 patients. Ketamine was given to 4588 patients, and 3753 patients were randomised to receive ketamine or placebo (a dummy treatment). The main outcomes were pain at rest or on movement, pain during movement, and pain after surgery. We found that ketamine reduced opioid use over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalent, compared with placebo. Pain during movement was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours by 5/100 mm. The time for the first analgesic request by 54 minutes was reduced by an average of 39 minutes with ketamine, and by a mean of 37 minutes with placebo, and the area of pain reduced by 7 cm² when nitrous oxide was used. No adverse events occurred in 52 studies, while in 53 studies there were no adverse events. We did not find any differences between ketamine and placebo in terms of side effects of ketamine. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) of patients received ketamine had an adverse event and 122/2924 (4%) received placebo.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 children in Papua New Guinea. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role in the management of blood-borne malaria. No severe or systemic adverse effects were observed at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small trial with 17 children showed no benefit or delay in malaria growth rates. In the second trial with 120 children aged five to nine years, episodes of malaria were not reduced, but there was an improvement in the proportion of children who were not treated with a drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). In the third trial with a total of 719 children, infections with the subtype of the MSP2 vaccine were reduced, while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 children). The third trial showed promise as a way to reduce the frequency of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP-specific.
This review found four studies that involved 125 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. All studies were blinded randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which are studies in which people were randomly assigned to receive one treatment group or the other treatment group. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK and Canada. Three studies compared pulsed electrical fields and one study compared a combination of pulsed and combined electrical fields. The results of the studies were not consistent, and the overall pooled effect size was small and did not suggest that pulsed electric fields may be beneficial in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures. One study found no differences in pain found in two trials. One trial found two minor side-effects. The overall quality of life was not significantly improved in any of the trials. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
This review found that there were no differences between the two groups in short-term deaths and in the number of patients who were discharged as day-procedures as well as in the time to return to normal activities and return to work. However, there was a higher risk of complications in the drain group compared with the 'no drain' group. This review found no differences in the length of time that patients spent in hospitals between the groups. One trial found that patients who received drain were less likely to have a day-time operation than those who received no drain. There was a lower risk that a patient would need to go back to work or return to their normal activities if they received drain. This trial did not provide any data from which the differences between groups could not be measured for these outcomes.
This review of trials found that there was insufficient information to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines to treat diabetes-related symptoms and side effects. There were no data on adverse events, and most of the trials did not mention whether they assessed the safety of herbal medicines.
This review found that there is no evidence to support the superiority of IAS to CAS in terms of overall survival, prostate-specific survival, or metastatic disease, but that IAS may have slightly reduced adverse events.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials which involved a total of 7,119 women who were randomly assigned to receive either an IUD or a delayed IUD. Five trials were randomised to receive IUD only, and one trial was randomized to receive no IUD at all. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company, while the other trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. We found that women who received the IUD were more likely to have a higher risk of being expelled from the uterus than those who received a delayed insertion of IUD, and were less likely to be pregnant. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved effectiveness and reduced the risk of abortion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract, which did not provide numbers and results except P values, so we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk of bias and unclear risk for bias because of missing data due to abstract only, thus we judged the overall risks of bias as high. The trial was not large enough to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effect on overall survival, fatigue, sleep and adverse events.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. We found no RCTs for children or adults. The trials varied in study design, vaccine used, vaccine duration, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analyses. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine patients (23%) were infected with varICElla compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) patients (78%). Of the vaccine patients, most only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days of vaccination; too few children received four to five days after vaccination to determine the effectiveness of vaccine given more than three days after. No adverse events were observed in the trials.
This review found that there was no difference between the trials in terms of the number of people with MRSA, but there was a small difference in the percentage of people without MRSA. There were no major side-effects in any of the trials.
This review found two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 116 women, that were too small to assess the effectiveness of home care for PPROM. The number of women in each trial was too small and the quality of life of women was not high. The review found that women who received home care were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal nursery and were more likely to have a caesareal section. Women who received care at home spent less time in the emergency department and fewer days in hospitals.
This review found that the two methods of skin closure that have been most often compared with absorbable sutures are less likely to result in wound infections, pain and cosmesis, and more likely to require re-operation.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 821 people, that compared the effects of green tea and black tea on CVD risk factors. We found that green tea was found to be more likely than black tea to reduce blood cholesterol and blood pressure, but only a small number of studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also more likely to reduce total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, blood pressure and mortality. Adverse events were measured in five trials and measured in one trial, including an increased risk of prostate cancer, hospital admission to intensive care, and a reduction in the risk of retinopathy. There are very few long-term studies to date looking at green or black tea as a way of preventing CVD.
This review found only two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 23 people with chronic asthma. No data were available on oral steroid use. The studies did not find any new studies that could be included in the review. Due to concerns over the small number of people included in both studies, the findings of the studies are not relevant to the issue of steroid reduction. This review found that there is a clear lack of data to support the use of azithioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent.
We found 56 studies involving 4068 people. Most studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found that people who exercised during or after their cancer treatment were more likely to live longer than people who were not exercising. We also found that if people exercised before their cancer, they were less likely to have solid tumours. However, we found no differences between groups in terms of the number of people who had solid tumour attacks. We did not find any differences in the numbers of people with cancer who had a heart attack or had a stroke. Overall, the evidence was of moderate quality. More research is needed to identify the best way to manage fatigue.
We found five trials with 3427 people. The trials were carried out in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the USA. These trials involved only adults (16 to 65 years of age) who were randomly assigned to receive treatment with either a hormone or a placebo. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival, but was high for other outcomes, as treatment blinding was not possible. All trials were too short to be able to provide information on the age of the patients. No data were available on men and women. We found that treatment with a hormone increased the risk of survival compared to a placebo, but did not appear to increase the risk that a second solid tumour would come back. We also found that the hormone was associated with more adverse events, such as low white blood cell counts and neutrophils. We are not sure how many women will be infertil due to treatment and which arm might be favoured. This review found that there is a small improvement in survival with the hormone treatment compared to the placebo, and that this improvement may be due to the fact that the trial was too short.
We found 15 studies that involved 1835 cancer patients. Most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies) or prostate cancer patients in two studies (two studies). Two studies involved psycho-education and patient training. In one study, women were offered a training programme. We did not find any studies on other types of care. We found that psychological, psycho-behavioural and/or psycho-psychological strategies led to lower rates of RTW compared to care as usual. We also found that training in psychological skills led to higher numbers of patients with RTW. In addition, training in psychosocial skills and psycho-behavioral techniques led to a higher number of patients who were more likely to be more physically active than were those who were less physically active. There were no studies that assessed the effects of psychological training or psycho-Behavioural techniques. There was no study that looked at the effect of training on psychological and behavioural skills. In conclusion, more studies are needed to determine the best way to improve RTW in patients with cancer. This plain language summary was written by a consumer Ben Gray from Rethink Mental Illness.
We found four trials that involved more than 13,000 women. Three trials were funded by the hospital where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a charitable organisation. The trials were carried out in the UK and Ireland, one in Scotland and one in Spain. All four trials were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which women were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. We found no new trials in the 2012 review. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Overall, the studies were well-conducted, with no conflicts of interests noted in two trials; the other two trials did not mention whether the authors were aware of which treatment group the women were receiving. There were no data on the number of babies born too early or too early, or on other secondary outcomes, such as neonatal deaths, brain injury and seizures in the neonatal periods. There was no data available for severe brain injury, and no data were available for children who were less than, or equal to, 12 months of age. The findings of this review suggest that the use of a CTG is likely to lead to an increase in the risk of caesareans, and may increase the risk that a baby is born early or is too early.
This review found that there is not enough data to support or refute the use of any particular culture medium. There has been much uncertainty about the most effective embryo medium. Most studies have been performed, but no two studies compared the same culture media and none of them found any differences between the culture media used. None of the studies provided information on the health of offspring. Most of these studies did not report their source of funding.
This review found that there were no randomised controlled trials of methods which addressed this question. The review question remains unanswered as there are no trials which have been carried out in this area.
This review found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 1006 people with NSCP. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, France, Switzerland and Italy. The review found that there was a small improvement in the number of chest pain-free days up to three months after treatment. There was also an increase in the total number of patients who were not able to work for at least three months. There were no differences between studies in other outcomes, such as quality of life, physical activity and quality of daily life. There is a need for further RCTs to provide more information about the effectiveness and safety of psychotherapy.
We found 30 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with a total of 4344 people randomised to receive one of these drugs or placebo (a dummy treatment) or another drug or no treatment. We found no data on the long-term effects of any of the drugs. We also found no information on the short-term side-effects of the treatments. Overall, we found that the effectiveness of these treatments appears to be similar to placebo, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks.
In this review, we found two studies with 1505 participants. Both studies were based in the USA and one in Canada. The other study was based in Canada and one was in Australia. The two studies were carried out in Australia and New Zealand and were funded by the US Department of Health and the Canadian Department of Public Health Service. One study was funded by a public health organisation and the other by a non-profit organisation. The second study was supported by a grant from a national health organisation, and one study did not report funding from a commercial source. The studies were not large enough to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of these programmes. No differences were observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study that assessed this outcome (skills-community group versus control: risk ratio [RR] 0.95, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.14; risk ratio -0.11 for group and 0.07 for control group). Whilst the second study found no differences between the group and the control group, this was not maintained at six month after six months. In the third study, there was an improvement in smoking in the training group at post test (p < 0.05), however this improvement did not persist at six months after the training. The quality of the studies was rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available data, we cannot be drawn as to the effect of Tobacco-related health outcomes on smoking in Aboriginal youth.
This review found one trial that involved 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. This review found that there was no clear difference between the two treatment groups in terms of the number of deaths of the mother or her babies. There was also no difference in the risk of pain crisis between the treatment groups. There were no data on other important outcomes, such as the length of time the mother spent in the neonatal nursery, post-natal haemolytic crises, and infant outcomes.
We found 67 randomised controlled trials that involved a total of 6197 people. A total of 5771 people were randomised to receive either a liver transplant or no liver transplant. The trials were at high risk of bias. We found that liver transplantation using a low central venous pressure was more likely to result in more adverse events than with the clamp-crush method. We also found that blood transfusions were lower in the liver transplant group than in the control group, blood loss was higher in the plasma group, and there was less time spent in the emergency department. We did not find any data on health, or time needed to return to work. None of the trials looked at other outcomes, such as cost of care, or the number of people who needed to be admitted to hospitals. We summarise only the data that was available in more than one trial below.
This review found that the best treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of clinical practice need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the differences of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for an average period of 8.8 weeks. We found no data on adverse effects. We did not find any data on the effect of loop duretics on the risk of death, heart attacks, or kidney damage. We also found no information on side effects. Overall, the studies did not provide a clear indication of the effects of loop drugs on blood pressure.
We found 58 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 1558 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. All the trials except one trial with 30 people were at high risk of bias, which means that there is a possibility of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way in which the trials were carried out. We found that there were no deaths in either group in the eight trials in which data were available. There was no data on the number of people discharged as day surgery between the two groups. Three trials (involving 190 people) did not report the overall complication rate. None of the trials provided information on the time to return to normal activities, or on the length of time that a person spent in the emergency department. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were lower in the control group at four to eight hours, at nine to 24 hours, and at nine days after surgery. There were no major side effects in any of the 715 people who received a localesthetic agent. The effect of the treatment on the percentage of people who had to be admitted to the intensive care units was imprecising and the risk of a major complication was not clear. We are very uncertain about the role of local anaesthesia in the management of pain in people with low anaesthesia. More RCTs are needed.
We found 74 studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of HRP-2, pLDH, and other antigens in the management of malaria infection. We found that HRPs are more likely to be more accurate and less likely to detect malaria parasites than pldH antibodies, but are less accurate in terms of the number of patients who are wrongly classified as malaria parasites. In comparison with microscopy, we found that pLDh antibodies tended to be less accurate and may be less reliable in the prevention of malaria parasites from infecting patients. In contrast, HRPs were less accurate than microscopy antibodies, and so are not useful in the treatment of malaria infections.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of time doctors spent in the care of patients. All of the studies were carried out in the UK, and were at a high risk of bias due to the small number of patients included in the studies and the absence of data on patients' preferences. We found no data on the effects of the changes on the amount of time patients spent on resources used. We did not find any data to support or refute the benefits of changing the lengths of visits to the doctor's office. Further studies are needed that focus on health outcomes.
This review found only three small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different doses of high dose versus low dose of stavudine. The studies were at a high risk of bias and the results were based on only one or more studies. All three trials were carried out in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The trials were of low quality and were of poor quality. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of high versus low doses of Staphylococcus aureus in patients with high viral loads.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1658 people with acute respiratory failure. Six of the trials were at low risk of bias, and five trials were considered to be at high risk. We found data from five trials (1370 people) that showed no effect on the risk of dying in the emergency department or in the neonatal care unit. Data from four trials with 1313 people (1313 people) and one trial with 1450 people (1450 people) showed no improvement in the risk that a person would die in the ICU. We also found data that were similar to those from the control group in aspects that were not related to the decision to open the airway (such as mode of breathing, higher pressure, lower pressure and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Data from seven trials with 1508 people were available for analysis, and we found that a decision was made to open an airway that was similar to that of a control group, but did not appear to have an effect on risk of death in the immediate post-hospital setting. We did not find data that could tell us if this decision was based on a decision made by chance, or if it was a result of the patient's own preferences.
This review was based on 15 studies with a total of 687 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. Studies were often small and were often poorly conducted. The review found that the use of 'as needed' medicines was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), and in one study, (48 patients), but not in the other two studies (51 patients). This review was unable to draw a firm conclusion for the role of psychosocial treatments in asthma due to the absence of a large enough number of studies.
We found 35 studies that involved 6785 people. The studies were not large enough to fully address our review question. We found that there was no clear improvement in response rate between the two drugs in terms of improvement in symptoms of panic attacks. We also found that serotonin reuptakes inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerable than placebo, when looking at the number of patients who experienced adverse effects. We did not find any data on side effects. The quality of the studies was very low, so we cannot be certain about their results. We need more high-quality studies to confirm the results of this review.
This review found that endoscopic stenting with plastic stents may reduce the risk of dying within 30 days of surgery, but may also increase the risk that the patient's bile is blocked before surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day deaths with plastic surgery. One published study compared metal stents to surgery and found lower costs and better quality of life with metal stenting.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 444 infants and small children. Four RCTs were conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one in Australia. The studies were carried out in the United States and one each in Australia and Canada. All of the studies were at high risk of bias, with some studies lacking details of how the study was carried out. We found no data about ischaemic damage. Overall, we found no differences between the studies in the first attempt and the second attempt. We also found improved success rates within two attempts compared with other types of guidance. However, the improvement was more pronounced in infants and children who were more likely to be older than in older children. We did not find any differences in the number of children who needed to be admitted to hospital because of ischaemia, or in the amount of blood that had to be treated with antibiotics. No studies provided information about other outcomes, such as time to admission to hospital, or the risk of a heart attack or a stroke. We rated the results of all of the trials as'moderate', meaning that further research is likely to change the results.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (RCT), which involved 80 male students, and three ITS studies, which were carried out in Canada and the Netherlands in the 1970s and 80s. The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a lower-alcohol content drank less than those exposed to films with a higher-quality content. The ITS study found no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of drinks consumed per month. In the ITS study, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 kilolitres, and liquor sales decreased by 22.49 kililitres. No other outcomes were addressed in any of the studies and no adverse effects were observed. The results from the three ITS study were unclear. There is a lack of studies that have been carried out that have examined the effectiveness of interventions that aim to reduce the amount of liquor, wine and liquor consumed by young people. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review of trials found no differences between MCT and LCT in the short-term growth and development of infants. No studies were found that addressed the long-term effects of LCT on growth and developmental outcomes. The review found that LCT was no more effective than MCT in improving short-time growth, but did not appear to be more likely to have less adverse effects.
We found one small trial (involving 34 women) that compared amniotic fluid with no fluid. The trial was at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers of women and differences in the way the trial was carried out. We did not find any trials that used trans-abdominal amnioinfusions. This review found no clear differences between the two groups in terms of the number of babies who had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth, or in the time women spent in hospital. There were no data on this review's other outcomes, such as neonatal death or severe complications. The study did not report on how many babies were admitted to intensive care. There was no clear effect on the risk of neonatal infections, but this outcome was not pre-defined in the protocols for this review. The number of women who needed caesareans was the same in both groups. No data were available on the length of time women had to be in hospital, or on the time that women were in the emergency department, or how often the women were admitted for any reason. We found no trials that assessed the safety of this treatment. We were not able to find any studies that compared this treatment to no treatment, so we cannot be confident in the results. Overall, there was not enough data to support or refute the use of amnial fluids to treat chorioamniotic infections.
This review found three studies with a total of 1620 people. The studies compared the Mini-Cog to a variety of other short-term tests and found no differences between the studies. The quality of the studies was generally poor and the studies were not well-designed, so it was not possible to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of this test. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found 19 studies involving 2521 people. The studies were carried out in the USA, Canada, and the UK. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. Studies were funded by the drug manufacturer, one study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. The main outcomes were ADHD symptoms, adverse events, and withdrawal from treatment due to side effects. Studies did not provide enough information to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of these drugs.
We found 10 new studies that met our inclusion criteria, bringing the total number of studies in this review update to 10 studies with a total of 811 people. The studies were varied with regard to study characteristics, the chronic pain of the patients, the dose of Vitamin D given, the number of patients who dropped out of the studies because of side effects, and the outcome measures that were measured. Only two studies measured responseer pain outcomes; the other studies measured the other outcomes only. Overall, the studies did not show a clear pattern that Vitamin D treatment was more effective than placebo in relieving chronic pain.
This review of studies found that the effectiveness of care delivered by health care providers can be improved by adding a patient-focused approach to patient care. This review found that when health care is delivered by a patient or by a nurse, it can lead to improved patient health outcomes. More research is needed to determine the best way to improve patient outcomes.
We found five trials that involved a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 women. The trials compared the effectiveness and effectiveness over three years of hormone treatment with other methods of birth control in women aged 25 years and younger. We found no differences between any of the methods in terms of effectiveness or effectiveness over one and three years. In one trial, women who received the LNG-IUS did not appear to be more likely to continue using it than women who were only given the IUD. In the other trial, a higher percentage of women who stopped using it because of 'other reasons' compared with women who only received the COC. The other trial found no difference between the two types of LNGs. The third trial did not show a difference in effectiveness over the three years after the birth control was given. The fourth trial compared LNG versus IUD, and found that LNG was no more effective than IUD in preventing women from continuing to use it. The fifth trial was small for two of those studies. Overall, there was not enough information to draw any conclusions.
This review of trials found that, compared to inhaled steroids, immun therapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medicines, and improves bronchial hyper-reactive reactions. There was no clear effect on lung function.
This review found no new randomised controlled trials. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six trials with a total of 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. We did not find any new trials which were included in this review. We found that the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the emergency department stay was substantially reduced by the use of lower blood pressure in the control group. The risk of long-term complications is unknown.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 1833 people who were randomly assigned to receive either propofol or sevoflurane. We found that there was a similar risk of side effects with both techniques compared with no side effects. There was a lower risk of nausea, and a higher risk of increased blood pressure. There were no major side effects associated with the use of either technique. We did not find any studies that compared the two techniques with respect to the number of patients who needed to be admitted to hospital because of adverse events. There is a need for more RCTs to provide more reliable information about the effectiveness of this technique. This plain language summary was written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert.
This review found four trials that involved 15,936 people with high blood pressure. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. Mean age was 75.4 years. The combined results from the three trials found no differences between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95% CI -10.78, -9.66 for systolic blood pressure, WMD = -4.28, 95.58, -3.98 fordiastolic blood blood pressure). Three trials found that more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to stop treatment due to side effects, but the converse was true in SHEP 1991.
This review found that PTCRA did not result in an increase in the risk of major adverse events (myocardial infarctions, heart attacks and strokes), but did not appear to be more likely to result in a higher risk of minor adverse events, such as a spasm, blood clots in the blood vessels and a blood clot in the heart.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 333 children under 24 months of age who had acute bronchial infection. The trials were carried out in Italy, Spain and the USA. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulisation of the infection-causing virus, which was given either as a daily or a twice daily dose. This review found no evidence to support the use of this drug in children who were admitted to the neonatal neonatal nursery. There were no major differences between the two treatment groups in terms of adverse events. In one RCT, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectases. Two of these patients showed differences in symptoms, such as shortness of breath, hoarseness, and bad taste.
We found two studies with a total of 181 patients. One study was a small study with few sources of bias and good methods. The other was a larger study with a larger number of patients. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health and the other study was funded by a private company. The studies were small and did not provide enough information to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of this technique. We found that surgery was faster than the control of the aneurysm in the control group, with less time spent in the emergency department and less surgery time. Only one of the two studies provided data on the time taken for the patient to be admitted to a critical care unit, with one study also reporting on the length of time the patient spent in a neonatal care unit. The second study was not large enough to draw any conclusions on the effect of surgery on the risk of a blood clot in the aortic valve. The third study did not report how the study was carried out, which may have influenced the results. The fourth study was too small to provide any information about how it was done, so we cannot be certain about the results of this review. The number of studies was small, and further research into this technique would provide more reliable information in the future.
This review found two trials that compared the effectiveness of the sponge with the diaphragm. Both trials found that the sponge did not appear to be more likely to prevent unwanted effects than was the diaper. No new trials were found since the initial review.
This review found that there were no studies that assessed the effectiveness of any non-drug or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (drugs that block the growth of tumour cells in the brain) in the treatment of brain metastases. There were a number of problems with the way the studies were carried out, but few were without high risks of bias. There was insufficient information to draw any conclusions about the efficacy of any of these drugs. More research is required.
This review found two studies that were assessed as at high risk of bias. The age range of patients was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies examined the effects of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo (a dummy treatment). Both studies were carried out in the USA and one in the UK. One study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, while the other study was supported by a non-profit organisation. The other study did not report on the effects on the other outcomes of pain, difficulties eating or speaking or taste. The results of the studies did not allow us to draw any conclusions about the effect of laser treatment on patient-reported differences in pain and taste, or on side effects.
We found two randomised controlled trials (involving 281 pregnant women and 282 newborn infants) that compared combined oestrogens and progestrogens with no treatment. One trial was based on 161 women who were pregnant with babies born early. The other trial was conducted in the UK and was based in the USA. Both trials were based on pregnant women who had received in-vitrogen and in-prolonged IVF. We found no data on this review's other main outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. The study did not report on our other secondary outcomes (low birthweight of less than 2500 g, low birthweight in the offspring, abnormal growth and development of other parts of the body, and cancer other than that of the uterus). The other study was carried out in the United States, and found that combined hormone treatment did not appear to have an important effect on the risk of women having an increased risk of having a baby that was not related to the uterus or other organs. We suggest further research in this area.
This review found 14 studies with a total of 1364 patients that compared TCAs and SSRIs with placebo. The number of patients in the control groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. The studies were short-term studies that lasted 6-8 weeks. The review found that TCAs, compared with placebo, were more likely to reduce the number of people who stopped taking their medication because of side effects. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 63% to 26% and for SSRins were from 48% to 42%. The numbers of patients who needed to withdraw from the studies due to side effects (NNH) ranged from 4 to 30 in the TCAs group and 20 to 90 in the SSRI group.
This review found that ibuprofen is a relatively safe treatment for acute migraine headaches, and may provide pain relief in about half of the patients. No new studies were found since the last version of this review. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient and occurred at the same rate as with placebo.
We found 43 trials that involved 3497 people with dry eye. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia. We found that there was no difference between any of the trials with respect to types of diagnosis of dry eye, treatments, and outcomes. However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based synthetic tears were better at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol based synthetic tears in two trials (175 people). All other synthetic tears produced conflicting results or found no difference. Our review also found that synthetic synthetic tears may be safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed as low due to high risks of bias due to inconsistent study designs and inconsistent results.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients who were randomly assigned to receive either boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleosides (nucleosides) after first-line treatment for HIV infection. This trial did not report on the percentage of patients with HIV infection after six months and time to HIV-1 infection. We found no trials that compared boosted PIs with boosted proteins with regard to the risk of HIV infection, but there was a short-term response on boosted PI-based treatment.
We found 133 studies that involved a total of 844,206 people. We found that the upper lip bite test was more accurate than the other tests in detecting the presence of a blood clot in the airway, but was not as accurate as other tests. We also found that there was no difference between the two tests in identifying a person's lungs that needed to be re-cleared, and that the lower lip test was less accurate than other tests, but not as well as the other test. We did not find any differences between the studies in terms of the number of patients who needed a caesarean section, or in the risk of a heart attack. We could not tell if the tests were more accurate in identifying people who needed further surgery, or if they were more likely to identify a person who needed another operation. We were not able to assess the quality of life of people who were admitted to hospital because of complications, as the studies did not provide enough information to tell us about this. We are not sure if the studies were well-conducted or not, and so we cannot be certain about the results. More research is needed.
This review of trials found that prophylactic prophages appear to be safe and appear to help to reduce the time spent in hospital, but the size of the effect varied substantially between studies. No adverse events were reported in any of the trials.
We found only one study that compared the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of this new approach to care with standard care. This study involved a total of 52 people who were randomly put into one of two groups: one group received standard care, and the other group was given standard care alone. The study was carried out in the USA, and was funded by the National Institute of Health, the US Department of Health and the US National Health Service. This review found that people receiving standard care were more likely to leave the study early and were less likely to engage in non-care activities in both the short and medium term, but not in the medium term. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people leaving the study before the end of the study. There were no differences between the groups in relation to other outcomes, such as mental state, service use, and costs of care.
We found eight studies with a total of 3283 patients. Five studies had a classic design in which patients were randomised at the start of the study to receive pre-abalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo (a dummy treatment) or no treatment, and one new study was added to the review. The other two studies were of more recent design designs. Studies had low risk of bias, except that one study used a method that may have led to overestimation of the effect. We found no studies that looked at active comparator drugs. Studies did not provide enough information to draw any conclusions about the effect of pregablin on pain, and more patients dropped out of the studies due to side effects than placebo. We also found no trials that compared the effects of preregabalin with other drugs, so we could not draw conclusions about side effects. Studies were generally well-conducted, although one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and the other studies did not report the source of funding. We did not identify any studies that were funded by pharmaceutical companies. We were able to identify two new studies with more recent designs, and found one new published study with a new design that was more likely to provide more information on side effects, such as dizziness, somnoliness, weight gain, and pain. Overall, we found no differences between the studies in terms of adverse events, although more patients in all treatment groups reported side effects with pregabin than with placebo.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). The trial did not report any of this review's main outcomes. The trial was at a low risk of bias and did not provide any data on any of the other outcomes that we were interested in. This review found that there was not enough data to assess the effectiveness and safety of this drug for the protection of the baby's brain.
This review found four studies that investigated the effect of smoking-reducing strategies on health outcomes in Aboriginal communities. Two studies were conducted in Australia, one in New Zealand and one in South Africa. The other two studies were based in the USA and one was based in Canada. The studies were carried out in Australia and New Zealand, with one study in Canada and one each in the UK and the USA. All studies were funded by government or non-profit organisations. The results of the studies were pooled across all studies and found that smoking was significantly reduced in favour of smoking control in the Aboriginal community. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found 13 studies involving 5686 patients. We found that PAC did not affect the risk of dying in the ICU or in the emergency department, or the number of patients who needed to be transferred to a higher level of care. The risk of death in the studies of high-risk surgery patients was 1.02 (95% CI 0.74 to 1.29). We found no differences between the two groups in terms of the cost of care, which was higher in the PAC groups. Of the eight studies that looked at the effect of PAC on the risk that a patient died before surgery, no differences were found between the groups. We did not find any differences in the costs of care between the PAC and surgery groups. Overall, the studies were at a high risk of bias. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates.
This review found only two small randomised controlled trials that involved 52 women with a broken down perineal wound at point of entry to the study. Both trials did not provide data on the number of women who resumed sex by two months and six months. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resutured group, but there were no differences between the two groups. There is an urgent need for a large, well-conducted trial to compare fully the effects of both treatment options.
We found 18 studies that involved 2521 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out over a period of time in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, China, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Spain and Italy. The review found that most of the studies were poorly conducted and were not well-conducted. Only three studies were found to be more likely to produce mild adverse events. There was no difference between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in terms of side effects.
This review found eight studies with a total of 585 patients that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of thrombolytics, fibrin sheath stripping and over-the-wire catheter exchange in the acute treatment of HD catheter problems. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, France, Spain and Italy. The review found no data available to suggest which is the best way to restore catheter function when compared to placebo, but there is no data to suggest the best dose or delivery method. The quality of the studies was low due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide uncertainty limits, high risk of bias and uncertainty in the estimate of adverse events.
We found 17 trials that involved 2674 women with metastatic breast cancer who were randomised to receive one or more drugs or no treatment or both. We found no differences in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% CI 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no differences between these two groups. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women who were randomly allocated to receive either a drug or no drug and control (control). There was no evidence of differences between the two groups in terms of overall survival, but there were more adverse effects.
This review found that patients discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of stay in hospital. More research is needed.
We found 11 studies that involved 414 people with CTS. Two studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a university, and one study received no funding. The other study was supported by a commercial company, and the other study did not report funding sources. We found that when compared with placebo (a dummy treatment that did not contain any information about the type of CTS, or how often the treatment was given, we found no differences between groups in terms of symptoms, function, and neurophysiological measurements. However, when compared to placebo, we also found that, compared to splinting, there may be a short-term increase in the chance of improving symptoms, but not in function. When compared with low-level laser treatment plus splint, there was no difference between groups, but it was unclear if the data were not blinded to treatment, and there may have been an error in the way the study was carried out. We did not find any data on side effects, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. Overall, there is not enough data to support the use of one type of treatment with greater benefits compared to other treatments for CTS (e.g. exercise and splint).
This review found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 10,000 patients. The active treatments were pravastatin, atorvastarin, simvastin, clofibrate, and conjugation of oestrogens. There was no overall effect on the risk of stroke or heart attack or stroke-related complications, but there was a small improvement in the rate of heart attacks and strokes in patients who received statins.
This review found that smoking was significantly reduced in parts of the USA and in some parts of Australia and New Zealand, but not in the rest of the world. There was no difference between these groups in terms of the number of smokers and smokers who quit smoking. There were also no differences between groups who were more likely to quit smoking and those who were less likely to stop smoking.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 people who were randomly assigned to receive yoga, no yoga, or a combination of yoga and no yoga. We found that yoga may help people to cope better with fatigue and sleep problems in the short-term, as well as when compared with psychosocial or educational programmes. Yoga may also help people cope better if they do not do their usual activities. We did not find any studies that looked at the safety of yoga, so we cannot say if yoga is harmful or not. Overall, we found no studies that were at low risk of bias, which means that we are very confident in the results.
We found one study that compared early and no early imaging with respect to overall survival and other outcomes. The study was at high risk of bias overall. This review found that early imaging of the brain after surgery did not appear to have an important impact on overall survival, but may lead to early re-operations if the tumour is found to have spread to other parts of the body. We found no data on the effect of other imaging schedules. We also found no information on the cost-effectiveness of other types of imaging strategies.
We found three studies involving 161 people with schizophrenia. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, and Australia. The review found no clear differences in effectiveness between the two drugs in terms of improvements in mental state and numbers of people who were readmitted to hospital due to relapse. There were no data available for the other key outcomes that we were interested in.
This review found that nitro-imidazole, azathioprine and infliximhab were not more effective than placebo in reducing the risk of post-operative Crohn's disease recurrences. The risk of a major complication was increased with the use of mesalamine, but was similar with regard to adverse events.
We found seven studies involving a total of 885 people who were randomly allocated to receive one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. We found that there were no differences between groups for either of the main outcomes (alcohol use, measured as scores on the Anxiety and Depression Inventory-alcohol score at three months, and withdrawal from treatment, measured at end of treatment), or for any of the secondary outcomes. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcoholic-related harm. More people in the treatment group dropped out of treatment than in the control group, and were more likely to stay in treatment. More studies were also found that compared to no treatment, more people were in treatment and were less likely to remain in treatment, and fewer people dropped out than in control groups. We did not find any differences between treatment groups for other outcomes, such as whether people were still in treatment when they returned to work, or how often they were in hospital, or if they were able to get back to work when they were discharged from hospital. We were not able to identify any studies that were at high risk of bias, as most of the studies had a high or unclear risk of systematic errors, which may have led to overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 people that compared quinine to placebo (a dummy treatment) or other treatments for muscle cramp. We found no new trials when searches were last searched in 2014. Quinine was compared with placebo (20 trials, n = 1140), vitamins E, theophylline, and the combined treatment of the two drugs, and with the addition of the drug to other treatments. We also looked at the effects of the combined drugs on the gastrocneminus muscle. We did not find any new trials in 2014, but we found one new trial when we found a new version of this review when we last looked for new trials. The risk of bias in the trials was considerable. The review of trials found that the risk of a muscle muscle muscle injury was reduced by 28% over two weeks, by 10% over 10 days, and by 20% over 2 weeks, and in the short-term period of one month. A larger number of people suffered minor side effects, mainly abdominal symptoms. One person suffered from thrombocytopena (a type of blood clot) and one person was admitted to hospital because of a blood clot in the thigh. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of this treatment because of the small number of studies that have been carried out. We do not know which is the best way to treat muscle muscle cramps. More studies are needed to better understand the best ways to manage muscle muscle pain.
We found seven trials enrolling a total of 406 people. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-related leg cramps, and four trials enrolled 322 women with muscle-associated muscle cramps. We found no trials that evaluated the effects on the number of cramps per week or the length of time that a person spent in hospital. We also found no studies that assessed the effect on the amount of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects. We did not find any trials that examined the risk of a person having a heart attack or a stroke because of a muscle-related condition.
We found one study that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and fitness training program versus usual care in a total of 14 people with SMA. The age range of the people was between 10 years and 48 years. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) in the training group (9.4 m) and the usual care group (-1.34 mL/kg/min) was not detectably differences from the change in the control group (-0.14 m, 95% CI -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). The trial did not assess the effects of fitness training on body weight. The training group showed a slight increase in muscle strength, expressed as a total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The changes from baseline in MMT total score was 6.8 in training group compared to -5.14 in control group (MD 11.94 and 95%CI -3.44 to 27.32). The study stated that training had no clear effects on fatigue, but did not appear to have an effect on other outcomes. The study did not provide enough information to determine the effect of training on health-related adverse events. We need well-designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which are designed to evaluate the effectiveness of training for SMA, in order to better understand the response to training.
This review found that surgery may provide better pain relief in the short-term, but not in the long-term. It is unclear whether this benefit is offset by longer-term complications.
This review found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effectiveness of telephone advice given by health care workers. The review found that telephone advice appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits to GP's. Telephone advice may also reduce the amount of time patients spend in hospital, but more research is needed to confirm this finding.
We found 84 studies involving 22,872 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. Most of the studies were carried out in the USA, and one study was in the UK. We found no clear differences between treatment groups in terms of drinking, binge drinking, or other harmful behaviours. We also found no differences between study groups in relation to the number of days spent in hospital, or in other adverse events. Overall, the results of this review suggest that there are no differences in effectiveness between the treatment groups, and that the effect sizes were too small, given the measurements used in the studies, to be relevant to policies or practice.
We found 29 studies that involved 2210 people with asthma. All people had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain about the results. We found that enhanced face-to-face training session(s), mult-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, online video, online game, or game) and technique feedback devices improved inhaler technique in most studies, although the number of people who showed 'good or 'good enough' technique was often too small to be sure about this. We also found that training in different ways, such as using a multi-minute video or a video-based training program, may improve technique in some studies, but not in other studies. We did not find any data about harms. Studies did not provide enough information about side effects, so it is not clear if this is a problem or not. In summary, training and training may improve asthma control in some cases, but may not have a clear impact on other outcomes. More studies are needed to confirm these results.
This review found three small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 226 patients with acute ischaemic stroke. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and the other two trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one trial was supported by a private company. All three trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The trials were not large enough to confirm or refute the benefit or harm of mannitor in acute stroke. There was no difference between the two treatment groups in the ICH trials. Adverse events were not found in any of the trials.
This review found that D-penicillamines appear to be effective in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, but may be associated with a higher risk of side effects.
We found four studies that compared the effects of Huangqi compounds with two other types of Chinese herbs. All of the studies were of low-quality. Three studies were compared to a control group that received no treatment, and one study was compared to two other Chinese herbal treatments. We found no differences between the studies in terms of side effects. We need high-quality randomised controlled trials to confirm the benefits and harms of this review.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 866 people aged four to 55 years of age with RP. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, and Australia. The three trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, the US Food and Drug Administration, and the UK's National Health Service. We did not find any data on the main outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, and no data on visual acuity at five years. None of the RCTs had data on side effects or adverse events. The quality of the trials was graded as low risk of bias for all other domains.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 414 workers, that examined the effects of job loss, work absenteeitism and work-related work problems in workers with arthritis. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. We found that job loss was reduced in one trial, involving 242 workers, and in the other trial involving 140 workers. We also found that workers who received job loss were less likely to be absentee from work and were more likely to return to work at six months' follow-up. We did not find any adverse effects in the three trials. Overall, we found no studies that assessed the effectiveness of these strategies in preventing job loss and improving work function. We assessed the results of the trials using the GRADE approach and found that there was no difference between the two RCTs in terms of how they performed on risk of bias items. However, one of the two smaller trials was too small to be very confident in the results. The other trial was not large enough to be sure of its results. This review highlights that further high-quality trials are required to confirm these results.
We found three studies with a total of 285 neonates (140 received arginine) from three countries. We found that the risk of developing NEC was reduced by a small amount in the control group compared with the treatment group. The number needed to treat for an extra benefit was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). We also found that there was no difference between the control and treatment groups in terms of the number of infants who developed NEC. The risk of dying due to any cause was similar between the treatment and control groups. No data were available on adverse events. We assessed the overall effectiveness of the studies as good.
This review found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared INCS with placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. No new trials were found for this update. The trials were well-designed and double-randomised controlled studies that studied INCS versus placebo or with no treatment. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials, INCS was more likely to improve symptoms than placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvements of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg). No major adverse events were observed and there was no clear differences between the two treatment groups and for higher doses ofINCS.
This review found no differences between the two groups in terms of mortality, length of stay in the neonatal nursery, and the risk of developing resistance to vancomycin.
This review found only a small number of studies on dressings and a single study on gauze, which suggests that gauze is better tolerated than other dressings in terms of pain and time spent in the intensive care unit. Gauze is cheaper but more likely to require more nursing time than foam.
We found seven trials with a total of 1482 women. Five trials were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. Four trials studied combined oral contraceptive pills (COCs), and three trials studied a levonorgestrel implant. We found two trials of progestin only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-renleasing implant. In 2014, we added seven trials for a new total of 11 trials. In all trials, women were assigned to one of two or more treatment groups, one group received no treatment, and the other group received a placebo (a dummy treatment). The other group was randomly assigned to receive either an oral contraceptive pill, an implant, or no treatment at all. The women were then randomly allocated to receive one of the two treatment groups or a placebo, or to receive no treatment. We did not find any data on infant growth, but one trial showed greater weight gain (grams) for the implant group compared with no method for six weeks. The other trial showed lower means (mL, e.g. at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks) and less infant growth at one year. One trial did not measure infant growth. We also found no data on breast milk volume, and one trial found that breast milk was lower for the COC group compared to the placebo group. In the other trial, a COC study showed a lower volume of breast milk compared to placebo, while an implant trial showed no effect. Of four trials that assessed infant growth and no growth, one showed less weight gain in the control group versus no method but less versus depot medroxyprogestterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. In one trial, more women received an implant compared to no method, but less compared with DMPA. In another trial, less women received the implant, and more women did not receive the implant. Overall, we found that women were more likely to breastfeed if they were given an oral birth control pill or an implant. This review found that there was not enough data to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of different methods of birth control for women. More research is needed.
This review found that red-light cameras are more likely to reduce total traffic crashes than other types of traffic cameras. More studies are needed to confirm this finding.
The review authors identified four randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 494 people aged 18 years or older who were randomly assigned to receive either warfarin or placebo (or no treatment). The review authors were able to combine data from three of the four studies, which were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia, and one study was conducted in Spain. The results of the studies were consistent between studies, although the results were not consistent across the studies. The studies did not provide data on the percentage of patients who had achieved an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. In patients with acute thromboembolistic (DVT or PE), who were 18 years of age or older, the review authors found that a 10-mg or a 5-mg dose was more likely than placebo to reduce the risk of recurrence of blood clots in the blood. The risk of major bleeding at 14 to 90 days was not significantly different between the two treatment groups, and the number needed to treat was similar between the treatment groups.
We found seven trials with a total of 555 people who had been treated for hip fracture. Three trials compared an enhanced care model with standard care. Two trials compared care led by the orthopaedic team to care delivered by the general practitioner. One trial compared care given by a geriatrician and one by a nurse. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute discharge to 24 months after discharge. We found no data from any trials on our other main outcome of health- related health-quality of life. There was also no data on other outcomes that we were interested in. Overall, we found that some of the models of enhanced care and care used in the studies may help people with hip fracture to live longer and to live more independently, and may also reduce the risk of delirity. There is insufficient information to draw any conclusion on the effectiveness of these models of care, and further research is needed to confirm these results.
This review found that home-based nursing services do not appear to have an important impact on the number of children with acute and chronic illness. However, home care may be more costly for service providers with considerable cost savings in two studies, while one study found no benefit in one study. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review found that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospitals compared to non-ICM, but may make little or no differences in effectiveness of ICM on other outcomes, such as adverse events (e.g. depression, anxiety, insomnia, and insomnia), as well as on the need to be admitted to the emergency department. ICM also may have a positive effect on the amount of people leaving the trial early, and may have an effect on employment, but the results are based on only a small number of studies. We found no studies that looked at whether ICM led to better outcomes for relapse, or if ICM was associated with more improvements in mental state. Overall, we found no differences between ICM and other interventions in terms of adverse events, but more studies are needed to confirm this.
This review found that box model training compared with no training may help trainees to perform more complex tasks, and may also improve their ability to perform less complex tasks. However, the quality of the trials was not high, and the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may have been influenced by the way the trial was run and the way it was conducted. There was no evidence that box training improved the time taken to complete the task in any of the other trials. One trial found that when box training was performed using a simple cardboard box trainer compared with the standard pelvic trainer, trainees spent less time on the task, and were less likely to have a lower error score. The quality of life of trainees was similar between the two groups in one trial, and in the other two trials. None of the effects on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of bias and risks of random errors (play of chance).
This review found only two randomised controlled trials that compared peroral glucocorticosteroid treatment with prednisone or budesonide. One trial compared biliary lavage versus saline in a total of 17 patients. The other trial compared predesonide versus prenisone in 18 patients. Patients had significantly higher serum bilirubin concentrations after treatment withprednisone compared with budesonides.
This review found that early feeding may lead to a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival, but may also lead to an increase in the risk of death.
We found 57 studies which involved a total of 34,390 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, Norway, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The main sources of bias were from the number of people who dropped out of the studies and the way in which the studies were conducted. We found that people who received online or face-to-face online or in-real-world settings were less likely to have less than one drinking day per month compared to people who did not receive online or on-world services, and less than three standard drinks per week compared to those who received no services. There was no data on whether any side effects occurred. We also found that online and face-world activities of daily living, problem-solving, problem solving, and knowledge about antecedents were more likely to be effective than those that were not. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of online and in-world contexts. We were not able to identify any data on side-effects. Overall, we found no differences between the studies in terms of quality of life, cost, or cost-effectiveness. We are moderately confident in the results of this review.
We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 people who were randomly assigned to receive benzodiazepins or placebo (a dummy treatment). The studies were only short-term studies and did not look at the long-term effects nor the risks of dependence on other medications. We found that benzodiazine may be more effective than placebo in the short- and medium-term treatment of panic disorder. The risk of a response to treatment was 1.65 (95% CI 5 to 9). We also found that the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects was higher in people treated with Benzodiazepines than with placebo. We did not find any data on the other secondary outcomes, but we found that more people in the studies reported at least one adverse effect when treated with benzidiazepines compared to placebo. Due to the lack of data, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of benzidiazine over placebo.
This review found 13 studies with a total of 1520 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. Seven studies involved 903 healthy people, the other studies involved people at high risk of falling, and one study involved people with liver and kidney problems. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at high-risk of bias for the way they were carried out. The studies were short-term studies, which means that we cannot be confident in their results. No studies were long-term, and most studies had follow-up of one year or less. There were no studies that looked at the effects of tai chi on the risk of heart attacks or strokes, and no studies looked at adverse events, costs or the incidence of blood clots.
We found 27 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which were carried out in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed us to pool the results. Twenty-three RCTs were tested by two studies in which children were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups, or to one or more control groups. We found no differences between the studies in terms of whether children were more likely to start smoking than those who were less likely to smoke. We did not find any differences in the number of children who dropped out of the studies because of side-effects. The studies were generally well-conducted and reported outcomes in a way that could be combined in meta-analyses. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias, which means that we cannot be very confident in their results. There were more studies of high-intensity programmes compared to a control group than there were for other comparator groups. Most of these studies used more intense programmes.
This review found three studies involving 451 adult cancer patients. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Canada. Two studies were funded by drug companies, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. We found no data on nausea, and no data were available for the third study. Corticosteroids were no more or less effective than placebo in reducing nausea, with a lower score on a scale of 0 to 10, compared to placebo at eight days, but no difference was found between groups. We also found no differences between groups in the frequency of adverse events, and the effects were well tolerable.
We found 10 studies that involved a total of 1345 children who were randomly assigned to receive either azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, isoniazide, oral penicillin V or vancomycin to prevent LRTIs. Three studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and one study received no funding. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. There were no differences between the studies in terms of the number of children who died or were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit. There was an increased risk of emergence of harmful bacteria in the blood, but no differences were found in other studies. In the one study of children with sickle cell disease, fewer children with pneumococcus infecting them with bacteria that were more likely to be harmful. In two studies, there was an increase in the risk that the bacteria were resistant to the drugs, but there was insufficient data to assess this. In one study, there were no data on the risk of the bacteria becoming resistant to these drugs. We found no differences in the rates of children admitted to children's intensive care units. We were unable to assess the effects on growth in children with low birth weight neonates. We did not find any differences between studies on children with HIV-infecting children and children with other infectious diseases.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 519 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. Three trials were at low risk of bias. Five trials compared nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide with each other, and one trial compared carbon dioxide to carbon dioxide. We could not combine data from two trials (140 people) which separately showed lower pain scores (a score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicated less pain) and reduced pain during the first day after surgery. One trial (70 people) compared room air with carbon dioxide, and the other trial (75 people) did not state the number of people in each group. None of the trials was at low-risk of bias, and none of the studies were at unclear risk of systematic errors. We found that there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects of nitric oxide or carbon dioxide on the risk of a heart attack or stroke, or on the need for heart attacks and strokes. There were no major adverse events, such as heart attacks or strokes, in the trials. There was also no information about the risk that a person would have to be admitted to the emergency department because of a chest infection. We did not find any data on the cost of care for a person's heart attack and stroke. We were not able to identify any studies on the effects on the risks of a person’s heart attack, strokes, or strokes. We also did not identify any trials on the costs of care, but one trial did suggest that room air may decrease the costs in people with low-back pain. We cannot be certain about the benefits and harms of room air, and further trials on this topic are needed.
This review found 14 studies, involving 303 infants, that examined the effectiveness of dexamethasen in preventing BPD in preterm infants. Eight of these studies were conducted in the USA and one in the UK, one in Spain and one each in Australia and Canada. Eight studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and one study did not specify the source of funding. Five studies were sponsored by the drug manufacturer, one was supported by a drug manufacturer and one did not report any conflict of interest. The other studies did not provide enough information to draw any conclusions. The review found that the risk of BPD was significantly increased when a lower dose was used compared with a higher dose. The risk of death or BPD and other important outcomes, such as brain injury and brain damage were not significantly different when a higher-dose was used, although this result was based on only a small number of infants. In addition, there was an increased risk of an increase in the risk that a child would need to be treated with a lower-dose of a different type of steroid called a'rescue' steroid. There was no data on long-term outcomes. In summary, the review of trials found that there is a need for a large, high-quality randomised controlled trial to determine which is the best way to prevent BPD.
This review found that corticosteroid treatment did not reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes in patients with acute rheumatic fever. Evidence on adverse events was limited to three studies.
This review found six studies with a total of 12,294 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in 79 countries. Two studies found that the number of people with trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no treatment. One study found that a modest health care programme with modest water supply did not reduce the number with which trachomas occurred in one study. The other study found no difference between the two groups with regard to the amount of trachomiasis. The third study also found no differences between the groups with respect to the need for health care. The fourth study did not find any difference between groups with regards to the risk of a serious infection of the skin. There was no difference in the proportion of people who needed to be admitted to hospital because of infection. There is a lack of data to show whether any of these interventions are helpful in the control of trchoma. More research is needed to answer this question.
This review found that cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) may help people with CFS to cope with their fatigue symptoms. However, the results of this review are based on only a small number of studies. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found only one study which involved a total of 46 people with sickle cell disease. The study was carried out in the USA and involved children and adults who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups and were followed up to six months. This review found no differences between the two groups in terms of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks, but this was not important at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks. There were no differences in the number of adverse events, such as tingling of lips or hands, between groups, but these were no more frequent than in the placebo group. We found that there was a lower (worse) number of pain days compared to the control group, but again, this was no more or less likely at the end of the study period. There was insufficient information to draw conclusions about the safety and effectiveness of vitamins and minerals in sickle cells.
We found only one study that was funded by the Australian Research Council; the United States Department of Health Board; Douglas and Lola Douglas scholarship on child and adolescent health; Nadia Verrall scholarship; and a James Kentley scholarship. This study involved 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with milder CAS of unknown cause, and compared two treatments: the Nuffield dyspraxia programme-3 (NDP-3) and the rapid syllable transitions treatment (ReST). Children were assigned to one of the two treatments. Treatments were given in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a hospital clinic in Australia. No formal analyses of NDP-3 and ReST were carried out by the authors, hence one treatment cannot be consistently recommended over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologists between one month and four months after the intervention, and thus this time point was not available for further analyses in this review. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias.
This review found four studies with a total of 268 people. One study was carried out in Brazil in both adults and children. The other three studies were in the UK in children and adults; one study was in Brazil and one in the USA in adults; and one study in Brazil was in adults. All four studies were at a mixture of low or unclear risk of bias, which means that there is a possibility of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way in which the studies were carried out. In the last study, all people had active retinochoroiditis and were treated for 45 days prior to being randomised to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazoles versus placebo. Only one study, which was based in Brazil, provided data on the effect of treatment on visual acuity. This study was judged to be at high risk of being biased due to the small number of people included in the study and the way the study was run. In this study, there was an increased risk of adverse events in treated people. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leukocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia.
This review found 43 trials involving 3749 people with mainly trochanteric fractures. The majority of the people in the trials were older people who were more likely to have had a hip fracture and were also more likely than younger people to have an operation to repair the bone. The most recent designs of intramedullary nail appear to be more effective than older designs, but more research is needed to confirm this.
We found only one study that was suitable for this review. This review found that women who received surgery were more likely to live longer than women who did not receive surgery, and were less likely to have a major complication. There was not enough information about side effects of surgery. We found no differences between the two types of surgery in terms of the number of women who died. We are not able to conclude whether surgery is better or worse than no surgery.
This review found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 244 women with PCOS who were randomly assigned to receive either a statin or a control pill. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK and Australia. Two trials (184 women) studied the effects of simvastarin and two trials (60 women) looked at the effect of atorvastirin. The review found that statins improved lipid profiles and reduced testosterone levels when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low- density lipoprotein and triglycerides, but had no effect on body mass index (BMI), fasting insulin, fasting hormone, or hormone-reactive protein (HS-CRP). There were no major adverse events in any of the studies.
We found no new studies. We found 22 studies in full, but none were included in the review. The review found that there is no data from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed treatments for vaginal bleeding. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
This review found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 745 patients, that examined the efficacy and safety of temozolomides in the treatment of glioblastoma. The review found that when given in both the first and second phases of treatment, temolomide improved survival and reduced the risk of dying, but did not improve quality of life. It did not appear to differ between arms in a single trial but certain adverse events were more common in the older population.
This review of two studies found that contract-in may improve health care access and health care use, as well as health care workers’ ability to work and work in community settings. The findings of one study were based on a small number of studies. The other study was based on three studies that were carried out in the United States, in which managers who did not receive the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more health care worker shortcomings than managers who received the training. In the other study, managers who were not given training courses were more likely to have an increase in the use of health care services. No studies that aimed to improve the ability to retain district health systems managers were identified. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the patients and researchers to the treatment group were not clearly described in two studies. All three studies were well-designed studies, and deaths occurred in two of the studies. We found that surgery was better than non-surgical treatment in terms of the number of deaths, chest pain, chest tightness, and adverse effects. However, the studies were too small to be sure of these results. The studies did not provide enough information to confirm these results, and more studies are needed to confirm the results.
This review found that cerivastatin may lower cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triglycerides, but the effect was not consistent across all trials. This review did not provide a clear indication of the risk of side effects.
We found 28 studies which involved a total of 6851 patients. We found that remote ischaemia was similar to normal kidney function, with no differences between the two groups in terms of the risk of kidney injury, need for kidney transplantation, or the need for a heart attack or stroke. The risk of serious adverse events was similar in both groups, with only two of 15 studies reporting any adverse effects (6/1999 in the remote control group and 1/1994 in the control group). The other 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. Compared to control, remote waschaemia may have slightly improved the chance of acute kidney injury using either the AKIN (8 studies, 2364 patients) or RIFLE (3 studies, 1586 patients).
We found 12 trials with 703 people who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. Eight trials were conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one in Australia. The other study was conducted in Spain, Italy, Italy and the UK. We found that there was no difference between the treatment groups in terms of fatigue and other symptoms of PSF. There was also no difference in the number of people who developed PSF in the control groups. The quality of the trials was generally poor, and some have had a high risk of bias. There were no data on the effectiveness of any of the treatments described in this review. There is a need for more high-quality randomised controlled trials on PSF, with more robust study designs and larger sample sizes.
This review found three small randomised controlled trials (involving 74 preterm infants) that compared insulin and glucose with cation-exchange resin. The trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). Only one study reported on urine output, which was not reported in the other two trials. In the study of Hu, glucose and insulin, compared to a placebo, may have reduced the risk of death. In one study of the other trials, insulin and insulin may have improved blood flow to the brain and reduced blood loss. No major side effects were noted with either of the combined of insulin and blood and glucose or albuterol inhation. The other trials have not been studied to date.
This review found that IVIg started within two weeks of onset of acute respiratory failure, compared with PE, may hastens the need for further treatment and may also hasten the need to return to normal activities of daily living. Adverse events were not more frequent with either treatment. More research is needed in mild disease and patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset.
This review found that a high fraction of inspired oxygen did not increase the risk of death or of complications, such as heart attacks or strokes. However, when all trials were combined, a high percentage of inspired blood was not significantly different from a lower percentage. In addition, a higher fraction ofinspired blood did not appear to have an important effect on the risk that a patient would have to be admitted to hospital because of complications. We did not find any differences between trials in terms of the number of patients who developed complications.
We found 25 trials (involving 3258 children) that investigated the effectiveness of oral antibiotic treatment for children with OME. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Spain and the UK. We found that children treated with antibiotic treatment were more likely to be more likely than those treated with placebo to resolve OME at two to three months after the start of the trial, and were less likely to have acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks and within six months after treatment. There was no data on the impact of antibiotic treatment on other outcomes, such as speech, language and cognition, or on the effect of antibiotic therapy on other aspects of children's well-being. None of the trials provided data on speech or language, and no data were available on how well children were able to communicate or how well they did in everyday life. Overall, we assessed most of the studies as being at low risk of bias, which means that there is a possibility of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way they were conducted.
This review of trials found that low protein intake appears to slightly slow the rate of kidney failure in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetic complications, but not in patients who respond best. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-care costs and costs. One study found that protein intake in the LPD groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/day.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 3480 people who were randomly allocated to receive one of two or more treatment groups, or to receive no treatment groups. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Germany, Spain, Denmark, Switzerland, France, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. Most of the studies were well-conducted, although one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, one by a non-profit organisation, and one by an agency with no commercial interest in the results. We found that more people who received a group-based care were more likely to make better gains than those who received no treatment, and more people were less likely to need further treatment. More people in the group group were also more likely than those in the control group to be discharged from the group. More studies are needed to determine which types of care are best for patients with more severe brain injury.
We found one trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus partial care. The trial was carried out in the USA and was funded by the US Department of Health and the UK Department of Public Health. We found no differences found between the two groups in the percentage of infants who were not fully breastfed at six months of age. The rate of breastfeeds per day on day four was slightly higher in the control group, i.e. seven times per day. No differences were found between groups in terms of the number of infants requiring admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). We found that the rate of infants needing to be admitted to the NICU on the day after birth was higher in women who received rooming in compared with those who received partial care, but no differences between groups were found in other outcomes. None of our other pre-existing secondary outcomes were available. Overall, we found no data to support or refute the practice of rooming. Further well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed.
This review found that sanchi may help people with acute ischaemic stroke, but the small number of patients and the low number of trials that have been done suggest that more research is needed to confirm this.
This review of trials found that there is not enough data to support or refute the need for any of the methods of implant placement that are more likely to be more successful than other methods.
This review found that clioquinol was no more effective than placebo in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. This review of two trials found that after 12 weeks of treatment, the drug appeared to be safe and to have a favourable safety profile. We have some concerns about the design of the trial and the way it was carried out. The planned phase III trial of PBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from the market. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate the effects of cliocinol.
This review found that people treated with PDE5 inhibitors were more likely to improve their lung function, to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD, and were 22% less likely to die over a mean period of 14 weeks compared to placebo. There was an increased risk of adverse events such as headache, flushing, and muscle aches and joint pains.
We found 22 trials that involved a total of 2193 people who were randomly assigned to receive either a nerve stimulant or a non-neural stimulant treatment. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The review found that nerve stimulators are more likely to improve the amount of pain and the time to readiness for surgery than nerve stimulants that do not stimulate the nerves that supply the nerves to the spinal cord. There were no data on other outcomes, such as side-effects, or on the time taken for the patient to be ready for surgery. Overall, the quality of the studies was high.
This review found three studies that compared the effects of inhaled steroids on children with mild asthma. One hundred and fifty-nine studies were included in the review. All three studies were conducted in the USA, one in Australia and one in the UK. All studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one by a pharmaceutical company, and one by the manufacturer of the inhaler used in the studies. The studies lasted 7-12 months. In all three studies, children treated with beclometasone were less likely to grow less than 1 cm per year compared to those treated with placebo or other inhaled asthma drugs. We are not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that are more likely to have less systemic effects.
This review found that APD did not differ from CAPD in terms of the risk of death, complications, hernias, blood clots, fluid leaks, catheter removal, or the need to be admitted to hospitals. However, patients on APD were more likely to have more time to work and to engage in other non-pharmacological aspects of their lives.
This review found that CRT was better than RT in terms of survival, progression and survival time, but more likely to be associated with an increased risk of need for salvage treatment. This effect was also seen in early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) of the disease. The quality of life of patients was not significantly different between CRT and IF-RT.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 patients. Opioids were given orally (12, n = 3040), orally (5), or intravenously (10) or intramuscularly (10). The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia, and were conducted in the United States, Italy, Spain, France, Spain and Spain. The studies compared opioids with no opioids, or with other painkillers or with no painkillers at all. We found that patients who received opioids were more likely to have less pain than those who did not receive opioids, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but major adverse events were rare. Many patients stopped taking their opioids because of side effects or because they were not able to cope with the pain. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found only one trial involving 212 people with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, given orally) with a dose of placebo (a drug containing 98% starch and 2% mineral stearate) and found no difference between the two groups in terms of complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. However, the trial was stopped early when the results of the study authors were not consistent. The trial did not report on other outcomes, such as pain, length of time spent in the intensive care unit, change in wound size or wound surface area, rates of infections, cost of treatment, or cost of care. We found no differences between the groups in relation to side effects, but none were classed by the trial teams as being unrelated to treatment. There was no difference in the risk of side effects between the treatment groups. The study did not provide enough information to draw any conclusions about the effect of ox and placebo on complete healing and side effects.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 8372 people. Four trials compared email versus standard mail and email versus usual care, and two compared email to usual care. The trials were at high risk of bias for at least one domain. We found no differences between email and usual care in terms of patient health status, health-care worker behaviour, or health-provider behaviour. We did not find any differences between groups for patient or care worker behaviour. No data were available on healthcare workers or harms. Overall, the quality of the available trials was weak.
This review found that post-Epley interventions may improve the symptoms of BPPV in just under 80% of patients. The review includes 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 855 patients. A total of nine studies used post-epley posturations as their modifications of the Epley manoeuvres. Pooled data showed that when post-posturations were compared to the control group, more patients in the control groups had to convert from a 'positive' to a 'negative' Dix-Hallpike test. There were no data on side effects, although three studies found minor side effects in some patients. There was not enough data to support the routine use of mastoid oscillations during the manoeuvres, or of extra steps in an 'aucented' Epleys.
This review found four studies with a total of 231 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were at low risk of bias. All studies were conducted in the USA, one in Australia and one in Italy. The trials were carried out in the UK, one each in Spain, one from Spain and one from Italy. All of the studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and one study did not report funding sources. In two studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes that we were interested in. The review found that the studies did not show that one treatment is better than the other in terms of symptom scores, but rates of up to 21% for treatment and 14.3% for surgery were described in all studies. Epistaxis was the most common side-effect with both types of surgery, with severe side-effects rarely. There was not enough information to show which treatment was better in relation to the number of cases of recurrences.
We found eight trials involving a total of709 people. Seven trials were from Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin American countries, and one trial was from the United States. The trials lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-controlled staple foods with no added zinc with no zinc, and four trials compared zinc-compared to the same foods without added zinc. We did not find any differences in serum or plasma zinc levels between the two groups. We found no differences between the groups in other outcomes, such as children’s growth, quality of life, or the amount of iron or copper in the blood. There was one trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour, which did not result in an improvement in the percentage of people who were not deficient of zinc. There were no reports of adverse effects of foods with zinc on signs of iron and copper. Overall, the studies were at low or unclear risk of bias. We judged the quality of the studies to be of low or very low quality.
This review found that men with metastatic breast cancer were less likely to live for more than two years and were more likely to stop treatment due to adverse events, such as breast pain, gynaecomasty and hot flashes. The risk of other adverse events such as hot flashes, nocturia, tiredness and urinary symptoms was decreased when men were treated with these drugs compared with men who were not given these drugs. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found eight trials that involved 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. The trials were carried out over a period of 10 years and involved women who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. We found that the trials did not show an effect of screening on the number of women who died of breast cancer or any other cause of death. We also found that women who received screening were more likely to live longer than those who did not receive screening. The risk of dying from any cause was similar in both groups, although the risk of death was higher in the women who had not received screening. We did not find an effect on total cancer deaths or on all-cause deaths after 10 years, but more women who would not have been recruited if there had not been screening. More women who did receive screening were less likely to have an advanced tumour than in the trials. In addition, more women had more side-effects, such as nausea, vomiting, headache and hair loss, than in those who were not recruited for screening.
We found four studies, with 522 women, that compared hCG with no priming in IVM. All four studies were at an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not considered in formal analyses. Three studies only looked at women with PCOS (n = 122), while the fourth study did not include women with HIV/AIDS. One study looked at 20,000 units of hCG compared to 10,000 of the same hormone, and found no differences in the live birth rates per woman. We found no data on adverse events such as nausea, vomiting, and vomiting. We need further studies before we can draw any firm conclusion about the role of hormone priming, and the best dose and timing.
This review found that ERT and HRT do not help women to live longer and live longer when given as short-term or longer-term (up to five years) hormone treatment. It is not clear whether ERT or HRT have any beneficial effects in subgroups of women, although it is not known whether HRT has any harmful effects in women. It remains to be decided whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause, and type of hormone treatment (type of hormone with or without hormone) and dosage have beneficial effects at a clinical level.
We found two studies with a total of 880 people with COPD. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We found that inhaled inhaled ICS (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) and LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO) were no better than LAMA for improving symptoms measured by the COPD assessment test (CAT score) nor for FEV₁ (change from baseline trough in 24-hour weighted mean on treatment day 84). We found no data for other endpoints such as flare-ups leading to intubations leading to respiratory failure, or for other outcomes such as lung function, and for other types of respiratory problems. None of the pneumonia were fatal. Compared to the TIO arm, results for pooled secondary outcomes were as follows: deaths: OR 0.20, 95% CI 0.02 to 1.73, 880 patients; COPD flare-up (requiring short-burst oral corticosteroid drugs or antibiotic, or both); infection: OR 6.12, 95%), 95% Cl 0.73 to 51, 24, and 51, respectively; mean weekly rescue medications use (results available from only one of the studies); and mean weekly number of rescue days were similar between the two treatment arms.
This review found only four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with data from four RCTs with a total of 169 patients, that suggest that antidepressants and psychosocial interventions may be useful in the treatment of patients with BDD.
In this review, we found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the efficacy and safety of cotrimoxazoles for the treatment of HIV infection in children and adults. In the small trials, when compared to a rechallenge for prophylactic HIV infection, the use of a desensitized regimen led to fewer HIV infection-related treatment discontinues and fewer side effects in HIV infection patients. No severe side effects occurred in the three studies.
We found three trials involving 148 neonates. We found no new trials for this update. The evidence is current up to May 2017. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada. The review found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of time spent in the neonatal nursery, length of NICU stay, need for pain relief and the number of infants who developed brain injury. We also found no differences between the groups in relation to the need for morphine or other painkillers. There was not enough evidence to support the use of this drug as a sedative for neonates who were admitted to the NICU. More research is needed.
This review of trials found that there was no effect on the number of people with diarrhoeas in the first week of treatment, but more adverse events were noted in people who were treated for the infection. There was insufficient information to draw conclusions about the effects in other parts of the world.
We found 23 studies (involving 4192 people) that assessed the effectiveness of plasma interleukin-six for the detection of sepsis in people with acute respiratory infections. We found no differences between the studies in terms of the age, gender, the setting, country, and the origin of infections. The quality of the studies was variable, and all studies were at high risk of bias due to issues with the index test domain in QUADAS-2.
We found 29 studies involving 5718 people. Four studies compared wound dressings with no wound dressing, and one study compared a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hyrocolloid dressings. The studies were small, had low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly described. We found no differences between the studies in other outcomes, such as scarring, pain, and ease of removal of the wound. Overall, the studies were at a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 micromg (µg) nutritional yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The other trial compared hormone (dHA) and eicosapentinenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. Both trials were at high risk of bias due to small numbers of women who dropped out of the study or were lost to follow-up. The trial did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. Women who were found to be at low risk of developing a major mental health problem, or to have other serious mental health problems, were removed from the study. No differences were found for EPA-rich fish oil.
We found 11 studies, involving a total of 5280 people. Seven studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and four studies were RCTs that compared anthracyclines with each other, and one study was funded by the National Institute of Health, and the other studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies. The evidence is current up to May 2017. We found that a longer-term treatment schedule reduced the risk of heart failure compared to a shorter-term control schedule. We did not find any differences between the studies in terms of the number of patients with a heart attack or a stroke. We also found no differences between these studies in relation to the amount of blood in the heart, or the risk that a person's heart attacks and strokes occurred. We were not able to identify any differences in the frequency of heart attacks or strokes between the two groups. We could not identify any data for children and data obtained in adults, so we could not extrapolate the results to children. Overall, the quality of evidence was low or unclear in all studies.
We found 37 studies with a total of 3110 people with TBI. Studies involved both adults and children. Most studies were conducted in the USA and one study was based in the UK, one in Australia and one in Spain. Studies were often poorly conducted and were too small to assess risk of bias. We found no studies that assessed the effect of hypothermotherapy on the number of people who died, the length of time that people spent in a coma, or the amount of time spent in the intensive care unit. We also found two studies that are still underway and two studies which are awaiting assessment. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect on the time that a person spent in intensive care, and we were not able to pool these data for meta-analyses. We were unable to assess the risk that a study was biased because of the way it was carried out, or because it was not clear how the studies were carried out.
This review found three studies that involved 519 people who were randomly assigned to receive either no treatment or waiting list care. The studies were very different in terms of treatments, participant characteristics, and measures used in the studies. Overall, the results of the studies were not consistent, and the studies did not provide enough information to draw any conclusion on the effect of these treatments on the treatment of depressive symptoms. More research is needed.
This review found that Duxil may be effective in the treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease. However, it is not clear if it is effective in other parts of the body, such as memory, thinking and thinking skills. More research is needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 960 people, that compared a drain with no drain. There was a high level of variability between the studies, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. The review found that a drain reduced the risk of having a seroma and reduced the number of patients who needed to be admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) and the length of time spent in the ICU. No differences were noted between the two groups in terms of the risk that a patient developed a fever, and no differences were found between the groups in relation to infections.
This review found that flavonoid intake did not appear to reduce the risk of colorbidity. However, it was not clear whether flavonoids were associated with an increased risk of colonisation of the colon.
This review found seven trials with a total of 1369 patients. Five trials used our first criteria of slow response, and three other trials (including one that used both) used the second. All trials had high risk of bias. None of the trials mentioned our main outcomes. The number of patients who relapsed was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%), risk ratio (RR) 1.43, 95% 95% CI 1.07 to 1.50, P = 0.006, I2 = 38%), with a risk of 0.11 and number needed to treat of nine. The end of treatment response was similar between the two treatment groups. The length of treatment did not affect the length of time patients were still detectable but decreased by ≥ 2 log after 12 weeks of treatment, and in patients with detectable HCV RNA after four weeks of therapy. In the single trial that assessed adverse events, no differences were seen between the groups.
This review found only two studies with a total of 34 people. Both studies assessed the effectiveness of EUS in the management of cancer in people with periampullar cancer. The overall risk of bias of one study was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. There was low concerns about effectiveness for most domains in both studies. Based on two small studies, it is unclear whether EUS is more effective than radiotherapy in the treatment of people with cancer found to have resectable cancer on CT scan.
This review found that lid hygiene may help to reduce the risk of infection of the eyelid margin. Lid hygiene may also help to prevent infection of other parts of the body, such as the skin, and may also improve the appearance of the skin on the skin. However, it is not clear if lid hygiene is beneficial in terms of preventing infection. More research is needed to assess the effects of lid hygiene on other treatments.
This review found only one trial with a total of 23 patients. This study was at high risk of bias. This trial did not report any of our main outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) was measured in the study. The study did not provide enough information to assess the effect of this treatment on the number of patients who required surgery. Adverse effects of the treatment such as airway swelling and breathing problems were noted in one child with severe RRP a few hours after surgery.
We found 42 studies with a total of 4220 people that compared CDUS with CDUS in the treatment of endoleaks. We found that CDUS appears to be more accurate than CDUS, but not as accurate as CDUS. We also found that when CDUS was compared to CDUS before and after the use of contrast, CDUS appeared to be less accurate in terms of the number of scans performed and was more accurate in the studies published before 2006 and after 2006. When CDUS and CDUS were compared with each other, the differences between the studies were higher in studies published in 2006 or later, and studies judged as low/unclear. We did not find any differences between studies in other outcomes, such as age, gender, and gender ratio.
We found seven studies, involving 766 women, that compared sterile water with saline, or with no treatment. The studies were at high risk of bias due to small numbers of women and the small number of treatment groups. We found no differences between sterile water and saline in terms of rates of caesareans or other complications, or in other outcomes, such as the number of women who needed an emergency operation, or the need for rescue pain. No adverse events occurred other than short-term pain, which was worse with sterile water. None of the studies were large enough to assess the long-term effects of sterile water for women.
We found 12 studies that involved a total of 1932 people who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in Germany, Italy, Spain, Spain and the USA. All studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company that made the fibrin sealant used in the studies. We found that glue was better than suture in terms of length of time spent in hospital, length of hospital stay, and the risk of complications. We also found that grafts were better tolerated than sutures, but were more likely to result in more complications, such as swelling, pain, and numbness. Due to the lack of data, it was not possible to draw any firm conclusion about the effectiveness and safety of glue compared with suture for hernia repair. More studies with longer follow-up periods are needed.
We found 32 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effectiveness of the 'package' of changes to the way in which papers were written and published in the medical literature. We found that fewer errors were found in abstracts, but increased their length. More information was found in one study and in two studies, but there was not enough information to draw any conclusions. More studies have been carried out on the effects of changing the way papers are written, but only three of the studies were RCTs. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found 15 studies that involved 721 people with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancies. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Studies were small, short-term, and most had problems with study design. Most studies used codeine at doses of 30 mg to 120 mg. There were three deaths, in all cases due to cancer. There was no data for children. We found that codeine was better than placebo, but was associated with increased risk of nausea (nausea and headache) and increased need for pain relief. The studies did not report on side effects of codeine, but only two studies measured the number of people with any side effects, and only one report on the number who developed any major side effects.
We found 12 trials that involved 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Denmark, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Switzerland, Norway, Switzerland and Italy. The trials were conducted in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The main outcomes were patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and symptoms of disease, as well as patient care and health care. We found that the effect on patient knowledge was maintained for longer than for caregivers. We also found that patient knowledge improved when a trial with high risk of bias was removed in a control group. We did not find any differences in other outcomes, such as the number of patients who used health care, or the amount of care provided by health care providers. No differences were seen in the other outcomes. The effect on patients' knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up times, but the effect was not sustained. We were not able to identify any differences between the studies in terms of patient care, child care or health care use. No data were available for patients or caregivers (or both) who were more likely to recognise signs and symptoms leading to self-care. We could not identify any studies that assessed the effect of education on patient satisfaction with care. Overall, we found no differences between studies in patient knowledge, care, health care utilisation and health-care costs. We are not sure about the effects of education and care on other secondary outcomes. We need more studies to better understand the effects on outcomes.
This review found that brivaracetam, when used as add-on treatment for patients with drug-sensitive epilepsy, can help patients to achieve seizure freedom, and can also reduce the number of patients who withdraw from treatment because of side effects. This finding is based on six studies with a total of 2411 patients. Only one of the studies involved people with more severe epilepsy, and all studies were short-term studies. The other five studies involved patients with focal onset seizures only. One study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and the other noted differences between the studies. None of the trials involved people under the age of 16. We judged two studies to be at low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risks of bias.
We found 38 studies, mostly from high-cost countries, that examined the effectiveness of different ways of communicating with parents about vaccines. We found that most of the studies addressed at least one or two key aspects that parents wanted to know about, such as the number of vaccines that were available and the time before the vaccine visit. We also found that parents were more likely to trust health workers and health workers were less likely to tell parents if they were aware of which vaccine was given, and that health workers may have influenced parents' views of health worker motives. The studies did not address parental concerns about the impact of health workers on the decision to vaccinate. We have high or very low certainty in the results of this review. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found 10 trials with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa patients who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. Two trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. Trials were mostly of poor quality and were generally of poor methodological quality. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) may be less effective than other types of psychotherapy, but this is in the context of TAU performed poorly. There was no difference in overall dropout rates between psychotherapy and TAU. No trials reported any adverse effects. There were no trials that assessed the effectiveness of dietary advice alone, but dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-complete rate in one trial (35 patients). There was one trial that reported that dietary advice may be more effective than TAU, but again this is based on just one trial.
This review includes data from three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 516 patients. The first trial was funded by a national eye institute, and the second by a German research foundation. The third trial was sponsored by a non-profit organization. Both trials were at low risk of bias. All three trials were carried out in the USA and one trial was in Germany. The second trial was a multi-centre trial in Germany, which involved 271 patients. In the third trial, only the total number of adverse events for each group was described, and adverse events were not clearly noted. The other trial was based in Germany and involved 94 patients. All trials appeared to be free of bias, and all three trials had a large number of patients who dropped out of the studies before the final analyses, while the other two trials did not report any data. None of the trials employed masking of patients and surgeons, and only one trial masked outcome assessmentors. The overall quality of life of the patients was similar in the first two trials. There were no data on adverse events in either group. The use of either perfluropropane gas, or a mixture of perfluorohexyl octane (F6H8) and silicon oil, appears to be acceptable for most patients with RP-associated PVR.
We found five studies with a total of 1819 women. The studies were at low or unclear risk of bias. There was a lower risk that women would be more likely to have a heart attack or kidney damage if they were planned early. We found that women were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) because of a high blood pressure problem. We did not find any data about the effects on infant deaths and severe complications. We also found that if women were planned to be delivered early, there was a higher risk that they would have been more likely than if they had been delivered later on. There were no data on the outcomes of infant deaths or severe complications, but this is based on data from two trials. We were not able to pool data from the two studies that we found, so we did not pool data in meta-analyses. The risk of a baby being admitted to a neonatal ICU was similar between the two groups, and the risk of caesareans was similar in both groups. No studies tried to blind women to which treatment group they were in, so this could have led to bias as women and staff may have been aware of which treatment they were receiving, and this may have influenced aspects of care and decision making. The quality of the studies was rated as high, which means that we are very confident in the results.
This review found six studies that involved 142 children. Two studies compared three times-a-week treatment with no treatment, and one study compared a three-times-weekly treatment with a two-to-three times-daily treatment schedule. Three studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and the other by a non-profit organisation. The other study did not report on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up. One study was supported by a drug company, while the other study received no funding. There were no differences between the two studies in terms of the proportion of patients who had joint bleeds compared to placebo. There was not enough information to draw conclusions about the risk of any side effects.
We found 13 trials with a total of 1824 patients. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to a common feature of the trials. We found one new study in this update. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 patients). We found that fewer patients experienced side effects than in previous studies. In two out of three studies reported survival, and in two studies, more patients survived than in the control groups. We did not find any data on side effects in the studies. This review suggests that more recent studies suggest that there may be a benefit in more recent trials.
This review found only two studies with a total of 447 women. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU dose of anti-D during week 28 of gestational age. The studies were not large enough to assess whether there is any difference in effectiveness between the two ways of giving the drug. One of the studies found that the mean IgG concentration after intravenous and intravenous injections differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL intravenous; 19.8 (8.8)ng/mL IV on day seven). The other study found that from two to three weeks post-treatment, the concentration of IgG in the blood was comparable for both routes. None of the women involved in the studies were reported to have been resistant to the RhD antigen.
This review found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients that evaluated the efficacy and safety of these drugs in preventing CVD. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The studies were randomised controlled trials in which patients were randomly allocated to receive one of two or more treatment groups, one group received aspirin or no aspirin, and the other group received placebo (a dummy treatment). The studies lasted between 365 days and 913 days. All trials were funded by the manufacturer of the drug or by a commercial company that supplied the drug, or both. All studies were well-conducted and had a low risk of bias. Data for patients on all-cause deaths, blood clots and heart attacks were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared a drug called ticlupidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any difference in the risk of death, heart attacks or strokes. Data were available in three trials (31% of total patients). Overall pooling of two trials (involving 11.2% versus 356% of patients) showed no difference in risk of stroke (11.2%) versus other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any of the trials on blood clot-related adverse events, such as heart attacks and strokes, or costs.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 people who were randomly allocated to receive either non-inspiratory support or no support. Seven trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, one trial used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and the other trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. The other trials used other types of breathing equipment, such as a breathing mask and a breathing machine. We were able to identify only one trial which was at low risk of bias. This trial was the only trial that was judged to have a low-risk of bias for all other domains. In this trial, one person stopped breathing at the start of the trial due to pain on breathing tests. Three trials used breathing masks. One trial used no support, and one trial did not report on any of the review's other outcomes. We did not find any trials that assessed the effect of NIV on the amount of sputum in the lungs, but it did improve some of the lung function and symptoms of sleep-disorder. We found no trials that compared NIV to oxygen or room air. We also found one trial that used no control of airway pressure and found no difference between the two types of control. We are not sure if NIV is more effective than oxygen and room air in terms of lung function, but we cannot be certain about this. We cannot be sure about this because of the small numbers of people included in the trials. We have not found any trials which assessed the effects of non-intervention interventions on the number of people who stopped breathing because of side effects. This review suggests that NIV may be a useful adjunct to other airway clearance techniques, especially in people who are more likely to prefer it.
We found seven studies that involved 245 people with COPD. The evidence is current up to May 2014. We found no differences between the studies in terms of gas exchange, heart rate, blood pressure, lung function, physical activity, or sleep. We also found no clear differences between studies in relation to the amount of oxygen in the blood and the amount that was lost to the lungs. We could not be certain about the effect of nocturnal-NPNV on blood pressure and oxygen, but we cannot exclude an effect that may be important. We were not able to identify any differences in blood pressure or oxygen levels, but the studies did not provide enough data to be sure about this.
We found four trials that involved 1190 women. The trials were at low or unclear risk of bias, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low, unclear, or no risk. We found that there was no clear effect on the risk of caesareans, deliveries of labour, or other complications. There were no data on other outcomes, such as infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or blood flow to the baby's lungs, and there was uncertainty about the risk that the baby would be born too early. In one trial, women who were induced were less likely to have a baby with low blood pressure, and fewer babies had a lower average birthweight, and more women had a higher risk of a head injury. In the largest trial, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were more likely in women in the group that was induced than in the control group. Overall, there was not enough information to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of inducing labour before labour. More research is needed.
We found 159 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 95,286 people. The age of people in the trials ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials involved women older than 70 years. The average percentage of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials involved 94,491 healthy people. Nine trials involved older people living on their own or in hospital, and one trial involved people living in hospitals in the USA. The other trials involved only women. The majority of trials were carried out in the UK, with one trial in Australia, one in Spain and one in Italy. The trials were of high quality, and all trials had a low risk of bias. We did not find any data on the risk of death in any of the studies. The risk of dying from any cause was similar in all trials. We found no difference between the studies in subgroup analyses of trials at low and high-risk of bias, of trials using placebo compared with trials using no treatment in the control group; of trials with no risk of error, and of trials that did not report in which group the deaths occurred. More than 8% of people dropped out of trials because of side effects, and more than 1 in 10 dropped out because of adverse events. The quality of life of the people in trials was similar between the two groups, with no difference in the risk that a person would need to be admitted to hospital because of a heart attack or stroke, or that would require a heart attacks or strokes because of an infection. We were not able to identify any trials that were at low or high-quality of life, and were at high quality.
This review found no studies on other drugs for weight loss or quality of life. There is a paucity of data on other medications used in clinical practice to treat obesity.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 734 people who were randomly allocated to receive either VGB or CBZ. We found that VGB was more likely than CBZ to lead to more instances of weight gain and fewer instances of skin rash and drowsiness, but did not appear to be more likely to reduce the risk of a seizure.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixa for with placebo in a total of 600 people who were randomly allocated to receive either a G-CSF plus or a placebo group. Two of these RCTs were stopped early due to low numbers of patients who were recruited and did not report results. One RCT with 100 patients was currently ongoing, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the lack of data, we cannot be certain that our review is biased, as two trials did not recruit a large number of patients, and one trial did not provide enough data to assess any data. The results of the analyses suggest that pleruxafor leads to increased blood counts in a shorter time.
This review found that weighted vaginal cones are better than no active treatment in women with SUI. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women prefer them.
This review found that there is not enough data to draw any firm conclusion about the impact of self-management of TTR in AF patients with OAT. More trials are needed to explore the effects on anticoagulant control in patients with AF.
This review found that PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as good as each other, but may be more likely to increase the risk of having a caesarian section. Prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment may reduce the chance of a vaginal birth in 24 hours, but this may be due to chance. The risk of uterine hyperstimulated with fetal heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%) and the caesareans may be reduced by about 10% (13.5% versus 14%).
This review found five trials that involved 231 infants that compared cot-nouring with warming of the nursery with a heated water-containing mattress versus incubators. The review found that when compared to incubators, the effect on body temperatures and weight gain was no different between the two groups. There were no data on the effect of warming of a heated mattress on infant survival, but the one trial found that this was more common in infants in the control group. There was no evidence to suggest that warming the nursery reduced the risk of infant mortality.
We found three randomised controlled trials (studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved 146 people. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally effective at exposed PDCs. We were not able to pool data for dental aesthetic, patient-rated pain, time to treatment and time spent in hospital. One study found that one surgery was due to the loss of the gold chain. Another study found no difference between the two groups. The third study found only one study that was at high risk of bias, and found two in the closed group: one study found two cases of infections and pain during alignment of the canine as a gold chain entered through the gum tissue of the palate. We found that there was no significant difference between groups in terms of the number of patients who had to be treated for dental problems. We judged this review to be of low or very low methodological value. This means that further research is likely to change these findings.
This review found that prostaglandins were no better than placebo in terms of blood loss, need for blood transfusions, and time to placement of the baby's head, but were no more or less likely to be associated with side effects than placebo. We did not find any data on the number of women who died and the need to add an additional drug. We found three studies that involved 244 women. These studies did not provide enough information to draw any conclusions about the effect of prostaglands on the risk of women needing a caesarean section or on the need for a second drug. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found six studies with a total of 355 infants. Two studies were done in the 1970s and one in the 1980s. We found no new trials. The evidence is current up to May 2017. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Italy, Spain, Spain and Italy. The review found that continuous dist decreasing pressure (CDP) is more likely to reduce the risk of treatment failure (death or use of care) and reduce the number of infants who need to be treated for a serious complication (pneumothorax). We also found that the use of CDP may lead to an increased risk of pneumothoraxis, which can lead to serious complications, such as breathing problems and heart attacks. We did not find any differences between the studies in infants with birth weight above 1500 g, as well as no differences in outcomes at nine to 14 years.
This review found that foam wound dressings do not promote the healing of foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings. Pooled data from two studies found no differences in ulcer healing (RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.92 to 2).
This review found that surgery is more effective than endoscopy in terms of pain relief and survival, but the small number of patients assessed in the trials did not allow for this to be reliable. The review also found that there was no difference between the two treatment groups in the number of major post-interventions, although there was not enough data to be sure of this.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial involved 857 patients who were randomly assigned to receive either early versus delayed post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) (n = 415) or delayed after-operative bathing (where dressing to be retained for at least 48 hours before removal and restarting of normal bathing). The only outcome that was measured in this trial was the number of patients with wound infections. There were no differences between the two groups (8% in the early bathing group and 8.8%) in the delayed bathing group.
We found only one randomised controlled trial that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but the trial had a high risk of bias. This review found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of the number of people who had no side effects, but one person in the prednisolone group died. We need further research to find factors that predict response.
We found six studies that involved 2100 people with asthma who were randomly allocated to receive a remote or face-to-face check-up for asthma. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed oral steroids for an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face-up. In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had asthma attacks that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% CI nine to 139) out of 100) in the remote control group. In the other study, there were too few people who needed treatment in the emergency department (hospital) or emergency department for asthma attacks, but we could not tell whether this was because of the way the studies were carried out, or because the results were imprecise. There were not enough data to say whether remote asthma check-ups are more effective in terms of asthma control, asthma-related adverse events or health-care costs.
This review found three studies that involved 212 people with JIA. All the studies were carried out in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The results suggest that the short-term effects look promising, but the long-term effect remains unclear. None of the studies found any serious adverse effects.
We found 19 trials that involved 2663 people. The trials were carried out in the UK, the USA, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The studies were funded by the National Institute of Health and the US Department of Health. We found no differences between treatment and control groups. Only one trial (involving 35 people) looked at the effect on the risk of re-exacerbation between two and six weeks after treatment. This trial did not show any differences between the two treatment groups. The only trial with 93 people in the ICU showed a large and consistent effect on treatment failure and on length of ICU stay.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain control groups. We found no studies that assessed the effect of whole grain diets on the risk of heart attacks or strokes, or on major CVD risk factors, such as blood lipids and blood pressure. Four studies were funded by non-governmental funding bodies, while one study was funded or partially funded by companies that produce whole grain products. Overall, we found no differences between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol. Using GRADE, we assessed the overall risk of cholesterol as low.
This review of trials found that there is insufficient information to support the use of any of these treatments. There is not enough information to decide which treatment is the best. More studies that are well-designed and adequately-designed are required to clarify the best treatment options.
This review of four studies found that a home-based nursing programme and a peer-based care plan did not appear to have an effect on the number of children who missed doses of antigens. A second study found that children on a lopinavirir-ritonavir (LPV/r) were more likely to be less likely to have a viral infection than those on a control group. A third study found no effect on CD4% or viral load. A fourth study showed that children were less likely than children on the control group to report no missed doses, but this result is based on only one small study. The third study showed no differences between the two groups. The fourth study also found no differences in effectiveness between children on an LPV/R-containing versus a non-nucleosides-containing control group, but more children were on the NNRTI-control group. In the third study, no differences were found between the control groups. No studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were not-randomised trials. Two studies were carried out in lower-income countries.
This review found that oral oral fenoproen 200 mg may help to relieve acute acute pain after third molar extractions, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomies. This review found no data to assess other doses or active comparator drugs, time to use of rescue medications, or numbers of people needing rescue medications. There were no differences in numbers of patients who experienced any adverse events between oral oral and placebo.
This review found that PFMT may improve prolapse symptoms and symptoms of prolapse in the short and medium-term, and may also improve bowel function and muscle strength in the PFMT group compared to the control group. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of PFMT has beneficial effects in terms of abdominal and urinary symptoms and reduced bowel function. PFMT appears to be more effective than no PFMT for preventing prolapse, but more research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review found 14 trials, involving 1,724 people with CSOM, that compared quinolone with no drug treatment or with no antiseptic (antibiotic) or with other treatments for CSOM. The review found that the use of quinsinolones was better than no drug or antibiotic treatment at clearing symptoms of CSOM at one week, but not at two weeks, and at two to four weeks (four trials, N = 519 people). However, there was not enough evidence to say if quinsins are more effective than antibiotics in terms of reducing the risk of serious side effects. More research is needed to confirm the benefits and to assess the risks of adverse events.
We found 21 studies involving a total of 6253 people with schizophrenia. Studies were carried out from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies carried out in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods adequately and many had concerns. In 20 studies, FRS distinguished schizophrenia from all other types of psychosis, and a specific of 81.4% (74% to 87.1%) in seven studies. In sixteen studies, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available. The use of FRS to identify schizophrenia in triage will lead to around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia. These people will still merit further evaluation and help due to the symptoms and mental state.
We found 10 studies that involved 2003 children with atopic eczema. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia, and one study was based in the UK and one in Australia. We found no new studies since the last version of this review was last updated in 2013. We identified 10 new studies, which were new to this update. There were 2003 children in the studies. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) found that children who received a group-centre-based, nurse- and dermatologist-centred, care were more likely to improve in terms of their symptoms, as well as in their health-related well-being. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects on children’s sleep, and no studies that examined the effects of other types of care. We also found one study that was funded by a grant from the National Institute of Health, which did not report the source of funding. The other studies did not provide enough information to allow us to draw any conclusion about the impact of these studies on children's health. There is a need for more studies that compare these types of treatments with other kinds of care, such as self-help.
This review found that HBOT was more likely to reduce the risk of wound breakdown and reduce the chance that the wound would break down. HBOT also reduced the chance of the wound becoming infected with infection and reduced the risk that it would need to be treated with radiotherapy. There was no difference between HBOT and other treatments in terms of side effects.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 2961 surgeons who were randomly assigned to receive either a blunt or a sharp needle. Four of the studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company and one study received no funding. We found that the use of a blunt needle reduced the risk of one glove perforating in three studies. The use of blunt needles also decreased the risk that a surgeon would need to be treated for a finger infection in one study. In four studies, a surgeon that used sharp needles also sustained one finger infection. In the other studies, surgeons who used blunt needles were less likely to have a needle stuck in the skin and were more likely to be exposed to blood and other fluids. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher than for sharp needles, their use was rated as more challenging in five out of six studies.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared trifluopazine with low-quality drugs. The number of RCTs was between 20 and 157 with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, the studies were poorly conducted and were poorly described. The results did not show any differences in effectiveness between the two drugs in terms of response to treatment (trifluoperazine 26%) and withdrawal from the studies due to any reason. There were also no differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect, such as nausea, dizziness, confusion, headache, headache and insomnia. No data were available for other outcomes such as death, sedations, pain, painkillers, pain medication, hospital admission, hospital stay, hospital admissions, and costs.
This review found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 593 infants in total. These trials compared response to feeding and feeding cues with usual care. The trials did not report any parent, care-provider, or staff views. Overall, the data do not suggest that response to feed and feed cues reduces the time spent in hospital and the time taken for infants to switch to oral feeding. This review suggests that infants fed in response to feeds and feeds may be more likely to achieve full oral feeding than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled time points. However, this finding is based on only a small number of trials. More RCTs are needed to confirm this finding.
This review found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared folic acid with placebo. The studies did not report on the number of deaths and rate of limb loss. One trial with a total of 133 people showed that there was a significantly improved in ankle brachial index (ABI) in people who received folic acids compared with placebo, and in those who received 5-methyletrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo. A second trial with 18 people showed no differences in ABI in people receiving a multiv vitamin B supplementation compared with a placebo. No major events were observed. No conclusions can be made about the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinopathies. Further, well-designed RCTs are needed.
We found two studies, involving 503 dental practices, involving 821 dentists and 4771 patients. Both studies were carried out in the four most deprived areas of Scotland. One study compared the impact of fee-for-service and an education programme on the placement of fissure sealants. The other study did not report data on measures of health service use or measures of patient outcomes. The study found no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of filled teeth, number of children having one or more teeth removed and the average number of decayed teeth. In the other study, there was no difference between the groups in relation to the cost of care. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies. We found that there was a trend towards an increase in the amount of care performed by dentists who were given a fee- for-service payment. We also found that dentists tended to see their patients less often and tended to carry out fewer fillings and withdrawions, but also tended to give more preventative advice.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not provide data. We found no difference between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other outcomes, except for a single trial. No difference was seen in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not.
This review found 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1656 people, that evaluated the efficacy and safety of probiotic treatment compared with placebo or no treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Switzerland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The review found no RCTs for outcomes as time to first relapse, need for more treatment at the end of treatment, patient preference and cost. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the number of patients who developed any side-effects. There is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials with standard methods and longer follow-up.
We found seven trials (involving a total of 696 women) which were carried out in Germany, Italy, Turkey, Iran, Malaysia and Jordan. Two trials were in Germany and Italy, while four trials in Iran were in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was in Jordan, which is a low-middle income country. The trials were randomised controlled trials in which women were randomly allocated to receive either a progesterogen or a placebo or no treatment. We found that treatment with progestogenic drugs reduced the risk of miscarriages compared to no treatment, but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are unclear if treatment with the use of progestergic drugs reduces the chance that a baby is born too early. We also found no differences between the oral and vaginal subgroups of progesterin. We assessed the results of the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and found that progestgen treatment may reduce the risk that a woman will have a baby too early, and may also reduce the chance of a baby being born too late. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that, compared to placebo, progestrogens are likely to help women to live longer and live longer but may not have an effect on their babies' growth and development.
We found a total of 83 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared laser treatment with no treatment and with deferred laser treatment. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were randomly assigned to receive laser treatment or no treatment. Four of these trials were carried out in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were not the same and no study tried to produce a sham treatment. We found that laser treatment reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. The risk of serious complications was reduced by 50% in people who received laser treatment compared to those who received no treatment (or deferred treatment). We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a benefit in people with non-serious complications, such as blood clots in the eye. None of the studies looked at near visual acuity or other important outcomes. We were not able to do a formal sub-analysis because of the small number of studies, so we could not assess the effect of laser treatment on other types of retinopathy.
We found two trials that involved 269 people who were randomly assigned to receive CPAP or NPPV. Both trials were carried out in China and Italy (one was a multiicentre trial). Both trials involved adults with acute lung failure. The trials were mostly men (67%) and the average age was 65 years. Both studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may have been influenced by the way the trials were done. The studies did not provide data on the other outcomes that we wanted to assess: gastric insupplation, fistula, pneumothoraxis, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye inflammation, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilators asynchrony. We found that CPAP may reduce the rate of tracheal intubations and may also reduce the length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (ICU), with a number needed to treat for a benefit of 11.8 mm Hg. There was not enough information to say if CPAP had an effect on anastomosis, pneumonia, infection, and sepsis, or on the number of deaths. We also found that bilevel nPPV may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after CPAP, with a reduction of blood pressure in the blood, and a reduction in the risk of needing to treat with antibiotics. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials with 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) and one trial compared spinal analgesa to pudendial nerve block (in both groups). The trials were assessed in the trials, and a number of methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analyses. In one trial, women were more likely to judge their pain relief as as good compared with women who were given ketamine, and were less likely to report severe pain during the operation. In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to purdendal nerve block, women who received spinal pain control were more than twice as likely to regard their pain control as good, and fewer women in the control group complained of nausea. No trials were found on the review's other two main outcomes of neonatal outcomes (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidity as defined by cord blood pressure less than 7.2). Overall, the review found that there is not enough data to support the use of any specific analgesic agent or method of pain relief.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 1048 people with asthma. Most of the trials were carried out in India, followed by Europe and the United States. Five studies compared yoga with no yoga, while the other studies assessed yoga with breathing, posture, and mindfulness. The trials lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in most of the studies. There were no major adverse events related to yoga, but the data on this outcome were not consistent. We found that yoga may improve asthma control, improve symptoms, and reduce drug use. There is no data on the effect on lung function.
We found 10 trials that involved a total of 249 people with IBM. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (n = 78) compared IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. A single trial of methotrexate (MTX) versus prednisone, but we were unable to perform meta-analyses because of differences in study results, with no access to the main data for re-analytic. Data from trials of ox androlone versus placebo, AZA, combined with MTX, and ARIMoclomol versus placebo did not allow us to report either normalised or percent change in muscle strength score at six months. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as being very low quality. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, longer-term, and of better quality.
This review found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 3144 people with MRSA. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, France, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The review found that, compared with vancomycin (a drug that blocks the immune system's immune system to fight infection of the bloodstream), linezergic treatment was more likely to reduce the risk of death, infection, red man syndrome, rash, and nausea. The cost of treatment was less with oral linezolic, but the average length of time spent in the neonatal intensive care unit was shorter. The quality of life of the patients was similar between the two groups.
We found eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 patients that compared PPW with no treatment. We found that PPW was no more effective than no treatment in reducing the risk of death, overall survival, and complications. We also found that there was no difference between the PPW and no treatment groups in terms of the time spent in hospital, the amount of blood lost, and the need for transfusions of red blood cells.
This review found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which involved 1862 people with acute head injury. Five of the RCTs were funded by pharmaceutical companies, and one was funded by the National Institute of Health, and the other by a pharmaceutical company. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was no difference in the risk of death in any of the studies, and no difference between the two treatment groups. However, there was an increased risk of side effects of the drug, which may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 people who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. One group received a short-term defibrillator, while the other group received the same treatment. The other group did not receive any treatment. We found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of the rate of return of blood flow to the brain, or the number of patients who were still alive at one year. We have also been unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of benefit in OHCA. We suggest that this is an area that needs further robust research through larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analyses.
This review found that the number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRHa group compared to the stop-time group. The number of gonadotrophins used was higher in the group receiving a long-term hormone treatment and in the other groups receiving a short-term hormonal treatment. No data were available on live birth rates. None of the studies found any differences between the two groups in terms of adverse events. More trials are needed.
This review found 53 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 2981 participants, that evaluated the effectiveness of interventions to reduce the number of relapse events and to improve the levels of expressed emotion within families. We did not find data to suggest that these interventions either prevents or promotes suicide.
We found three trials that involved 263 people. The trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and were sponsored by the drug manufacturer of the drug used in the trials. Two of the three trials were funded by the pharmaceutical company that made the drug. The other trial was sponsored by a pharmaceutical company. All three trials evaluated the treatment of symptopic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal artery. We found that DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for the outcomes of amputations, target lesion re-rehabilitation, and one or more Rutherford groups. We also found that patients treated with DEBs were less likely to have a heart attack and were more likely to be admitted to hospital. Data were not available for subgroup or statistical analyses to be carried out. The quality of the trials was very low due to the small number of studies and patients and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven trials that involved 922 children with KD. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 children. Trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, China, India, Italy, Japan, Spain, Switzerland, Germany, Switzerland and Italy. The studies were conducted in the UK, USA, Canada and Italy, and were funded by the National Institute of Health, the National Health Service and the US Department of Health. We found that corticosteroid treatment reduced the risk of heart problems and reduced inflammation in the blood. We also found that steroid treatment also reduced the time to normalise and reduced the need for blood tests. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of steroid treatment on the number of children with heart problems, but more studies are needed to answer these questions. We were not able to determine the effect on the length of time that a child spent in the intensive care unit, time to return to normalisation of blood pressure and time to allow blood tests to be carried out. We could not determine the impact of steroids on the risk that a person developed a heart attack or a stroke, and we could not be certain that this was a result of the steroid treatment. There were no studies that reported on other complications, such as fever, rash and infection. We cannot be certain about the effects of steroid use on other important outcomes.
We found eight studies involving 846 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which compared PIP with control groups only. Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. We found that when PIP was compared to control groups, there was no difference between PIP and control in any of the outcomes measured at post-post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the main outcomes of parental mental health, infant behaviours, infant care, and infant developmental outcomes. There was improvement favouring PIP in the percentage of infants with an avoidant approach to parenting, and in the number of infants who were more likely to be transferred to a more secure environment after PIP. We also found that PIP did not appear to have an effect on parental anxiety or distress, or on infant behavioural outcomes. We did not find any data on the effect of PIP on other outcomes, such as adverse effects (i.e. adverse effects), or on parent-child relations. We assessed the results as low or very low-quality.
We found 11 trials with 753 women in which women were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. We found one new trial in this update of a previous version of this review. In total, we found that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesareans was no more or less likely to affect their short-term blood gas values than if they were given no oxygen at all. We also found that women who were given extra oxygen were more likely to have a higher blood pressure in the blood, a lower blood flow to the lungs and a higher risk of low blood oxygen levels in the baby's blood. We did not find any data on the risk of the mother's blood being too low or too high because of lack of oxygen.
We found 12 studies with a total of 2196 patients. We found that reminder packing may increase the number of pills taken and may decrease blood pressure and blood sugar levels. We also found that reminders may reduce the amount of blood sugar in the blood. We did not find any data on other important outcomes, such as blood sugar, blood pressure, and quality of life. In one study the presence of a reminder package was found to be preferred by patients who were more likely to live in low-income countries.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effects of trimetazidine and dextrose on liver function. The trials were at high risk of bias because of the small number of participants in each trial, and the risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms. There was no difference between the groups in deaths, liver failure, or complications. Trimetazidine improved the enzyme markers of liver function compared with controls.
We found 61 studies that involved 13,327 people who were randomly assigned to receive treatment with cisplatin, carboplarin, ifosfamide, or other risk factors, or no treatment. We found that the risk of kidney damage was similar in all studies. We also found that a higher body mass index increased the risk that a person would be more likely to have high blood pressure. We did not find any differences between studies in the number of people who developed kidney damage and those who did not develop kidney damage. The risk of developing kidney damage ranged from 0% to 84%. We found no differences between the studies in terms of risk factors for kidney damage, or in the length of follow-up time. We were not able to identify any differences in risk factors that were associated with kidney damage in any of the studies. In one study, there was an increased risk of renal damage after treatment with aminoglycoside drugs and vancomycin. In another study, the risk was similar between the two treatment groups, and in the third study there was no difference between the treatment groups. We could not identify a difference between treatment groups in the proportion of people with low blood counts, low white blood cell counts, and high blood counts. In the other studies, no difference was found in the percentage of patients with low white cell counts or low white cells, and no difference in the amount of high blood cells. We are uncertain about the effects of treatment on kidney function. We cannot be certain about the benefits and harms of treatment in this review.
This review found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® (Cajanus cajan) may help to reduce episodes of severe painful crises in sickle cell disease. However, more trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 1999 people who were randomly allocated to receive PET-based or standard treatment. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Germany, France, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. The trials were published in abstract form only; hence, we were not able to assess the risk of bias. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiation) with PET-adapted treatment. One trial was published as abstracts only. The other trial was more complex. We found no data on survival, response rate, quality of life, or short- and long-term AEs. No data were available on adverse events. The third trial was not published, so we cannot be certain that it was not biased. We judged the overall quality of the studies to be low or very low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of the true effect.
We found 31 trials that compared the effects of hormone treatment on blood sugar and blood pressure in women who were overweight. We found no new trials in 2014. Many trials had small numbers of women and some had large losses. We cannot make strong statements due to having few trials comparing the same types of hormone treatments. We still know very little about women at risk for complications due to being overweight. More than half of the trials had limitations in their methods.
We found 10 studies that randomly assigned people to one of two or more treatment groups, one group received a control group and the other group received no treatment. The other group was assigned to receive no treatment at random, and the control group was allocated to receive a placebo (a dummy treatment). We found no differences between the two groups in terms of pain (29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of function) and in the number of people who needed to be treated for a side effect (24 points on an average of 24 points). Only three small studies (involving a total of 183 people) were eligible for inclusion in this review. We found that people who were randomly allocated to one treatment group or the other were more likely to withdraw from the studies because of side effects than those who were allocated to the control groups. Only five of the 10 RCTs had a low risk of bias. One of the studies was only published as an abstract and did not provide enough data for us to assess the risk of systematic errors. Overall, the results of these 10 studies suggest that land-based interventions can reduce pain and improve function in people with hip or knee OA.
We found nine high-quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 260 people with MS. The results of the present review suggest that there is an urgent need for a core set of outcome measures to be used in RCTs.
This review found only one trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial involved 75 people who were randomly assigned to receive either early or delayed surgery to treat biliary colic. The trial did not report on the number of deaths. The other outcomes were available for 28 people in the early surgery group and 35 in the delayed surgery group. There were no deaths in either group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2%) (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in any group. The complication rate was similar in both groups (0.28 and 9/40). The number of people who needed to be transferred to an intensive care unit was similar between the two groups (9/40 and 22%). There was a shorter operation time in the earlier surgery group (14.80 minutes) compared with the delayed operation time of 14 minutes in the first surgery group, and a shorter stay in the second surgery group of 14 days (1.25 days). The length of time that a person spent in the emergency department was shorter in the initial surgery group than in the later operation group. In total, 14 people required admission to the emergency departments for the above symptoms. All of the patients were treated within 24 hours of surgery. The risk of a major complication occurred in only one of the two surgery groups, and this complication was not severe enough to require admission to an emergency department. This review found that early surgery (less than 24 hours after surgery) may be better than delayed surgery for reducing the risk of dying, the length of stay in a critical care, and the time to return to work. More studies are needed to confirm or refute these findings.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 467 people. Seven of these trials were conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one in Australia. Seven trials were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, and one was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The other trials were supported by the National Institute of Health and the US Department of Health, and the other trials did not report any data on other outcomes. We found that the risk of SSI was reduced by a 76% to a 0.26% compared with a single dose of short-term (three weeks or three weeks). No reports described adverse effects related to the drugs in those trials that measured in this outcome.
This review is based on one randomised controlled trial with a total of 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was too small to assess the effect of elective preterm birth on neonatal survival to discharge from hospital. This review found that there was no evidence to support the benefit or harm of preterm births for infants with gastroschis isis. More research is needed in this area.
This review found three studies in adults, involving 122 people, that were at high risk of bias. The studies were at low risk of systematic errors, which means that their results may have been influenced by the way the studies were carried out. We found no studies in children. One study was parallel-control, and the other two had a cross-over design. All three studies were conducted in the USA, one in Australia, and one in the UK. All studies used paracetamolin as an add-on to existing treatment with strong opioids (median daily doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some people taking more than 200 mg per day). Other non-drug medications used in the studies include non-antinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressant, or neuroleptic medications. None of the studies measured any of our main outcomes: people with pain of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment time; and people with improvement of pain of no more than mild or very much improved (or similar wording). What pain reports there were showed no differences between paracetamicol and placebo when added to other treatment. There was no clear indication of differences in side effects, but the studies did not provide enough information to confirm or refute these findings. We rated the overall overall as very low-quality, because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of patients.
This review of 15 trials found that antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenHydramine, propantheine, doxepin, and suo quo wan) are often used to treat insomnia in China. Antimuscarins are often associated with adverse effects, such as nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea. However, there is not enough evidence to support their use outside of well designed randomised controlled trials.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 195 people with MS. Two RCTs looked at the effect of inspiratories versus no active control or sham training, and one RCT looked at a control group versus sham training. We found that inspiratories with a threshold device were no better than sham training at relieving the pressure in the blood. We did not find any data on side effects. We also found no data on fatigue. We were not able to provide information on other outcomes, because the studies did not provide enough information to tell us if inspiratories had an effect on other aspects of life, such as forced expiratories, increased blood pressure, and peak flow pooling. Due to the low number of studies that we found, we cannot be certain of the results. We need more studies to confirm the results of this review.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) in which 38 women were randomised to receive betamethasen (1.5 mg/day) or a placebo (no treatment) or no treatment with no medications. This trial found no differences between the two groups in terms of the risk of neonatal thrombocytopena and neonatal bleeding. This review did not find any studies on other treatments for ITP.
We found two studies, with a total of 111 patients, which were carried out in Iran. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all patients. The larger study had only a small number of patients and was funded by the National Institute of Health and the larger study was supported by a commercial company. Both studies were funded by grants from the National Health Organization and the National Eye Institute of Iran. We found no differences between the two studies on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, such as vision loss, vision loss after surgery, or vision loss at three months after surgery. We also found no significant differences in outcomes with regards to graft survival, final UCVA or keratometry outcomes. No differences were found in the DALK group of either study. Only one eye of each patient was treated as part of the trials. In the smaller study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned as planned and visual and vision outcomes were not measured in these patients. There was one case of graft failure in a DALK surgery group and one person had an atonic pupil, which means that the pupil dilates and is non-active. In patients receiving DALK, one patient had a blood clot in the eye, one had a narrowing of the blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come close, and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, the layer of tissue covering the corneal stroma and the upper eyelids. Other adverse events, of varying degrees, were observed in both treatment groups. For both types of surgery, the most common adverse events were postoperatively-induced eye problems such as astigmatisation, steroid-induced high blood pressure and blood clots in the lining of the eye.
We found 67 studies that involved a total of 8506 women who were randomly assigned to receive iron or no iron. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The review found that iron was effective in reducing the risk of anaemia and iron stores, improving blood counts, and improving health-related outcomes. Women were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment compared to women who did not receive iron, and were more likely to have a lower risk of iron deficiencies compared to those who did receive iron. Women who received iron also had a higher risk of having a higher amount of iron in their blood, and less nausea and increased blood loss. Women also had an increased risk of an increased number of women who had a low blood count and low blood counts. We did not find any data on side effects of iron. We found no data on how often iron was associated with side effects such as nausea or increased blood pressure. We also found no information on how much iron was needed to maintain normal blood counts and how often women had a lower blood count.
This review found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no difference between the two treatment arms in terms of overall survival, but there was a higher risk of side-effects, such as nausea and vomiting, and a lower risk of neutrophils in the blood.
This review found that a transverse or oblique operation has less impact on pulmonary function and is less likely to rupture (wound rupture). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreting with caution but some data suggest that a surgical operation may be less painful. The risk of wound damage and the need for analgesic use may be reduced with the surgical operation.
We found nine randomized controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 981 people, that compared MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief interventions with features from a light program and a graded ability to perform activities of daily living, short-term activities, brief interventions, and information on health-related outcomes). Five studies were carried out in Europe and four in the United States. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care, people who received MBR were less likely to have less pain, fewer sick leave days, and were more likely to return to work, as well as less time away from work. The effect of MBR on quality of life was not clear, and no data were available on adverse events. In summary, MBR may be better than if they receive usual care in terms of pain, but it is not clear whether MBR is better than other types of treatment.
We found 18 trials that involved 4843 men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The results of the trials were based on data from nine trials and one trial in Italy. Bisphosphonate treatment did not appear to have a significant effect on the number of men with pain, but may increase the risk of side effects such as nausea, increased blood pressure and increased risk of kidney damage. We found no data on side effects related to the use of analgesic drugs. We did not find any data on other outcomes, such as death, kidney damage or the need for more pain medication. We were not able to extract any data from the other trials because the methods used to measure these outcomes were not consistent across the studies. We are moderately confident in the results of this review, but we are less certain about them because of the small number of studies.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 1093 patients. Four trials were in patients with relapsed FL, and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were conducted in the USA, one in Australia and one in the UK. The trials compared HDT + ASCT versus no treatment in patients who were not treated with HDT plus ASCT. We found that HDT+ASCT is more likely to be more likely than no treatment to reduce the risk of dying from any cause, but this effect is not transferred into an improvement in overall survival. We also found that there were more side-effects in the HDT group than in the control group. No data were available on other types of cancer, such as myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplasia, and solid cancers. Overall, we found no difference between the two treatment arms in terms of survival, adverse events, and mortality.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of WDD for schizophrenia. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of people compared with placebo or no treatment. WDD also improved global and mental state, and reduced the average use of risperidone and weight gain. When WDD was compared with antipsychutics, WDD did not improve global or mental state compared with other drugs, but WDD caused fewer adverse effects. When combined with an antipsychergic, W DD was more likely to improve global and psychological state and mental health, and was less likely to cause fewer side-effects. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for bias was low or unclear.
We found three new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and one new RCT, bringing the total to 12 RCTs with a total of 799 people. We found that there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of these materials in terms of alignment or pain. There was also not enough data to draw conclusions on the adverse effects of root resurption. The quality of the studies was low or moderate. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low quality.
We found only one study of 306 older people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. The study was carried out in France and involved a total of 306 elderly people with a mean age of 86 years. This review includes just one study, which was based on data from 16 nursing homes in France. This study did not measure any of our main or secondary outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three assessment scales: the Cohen-Mansfields Assessment of Activity (CMAI; 29-item scale), the neuropsychiatric Assessment of Mental Illness (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Obs observation Scale (OS; 25-itemscale). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs one or more times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) and mean scores (evaluable items) for the other four domains: Physphysically non-Aggressive Beh behaviour, such as pacing, physical aggression, and hitting, and verbal aggression. Four of the five psychosocial assessment scales improved in the control group. For the Physythressive scale, there was no significant improvement in behavioural change between groups. We also found one study that is currently underway. We found no significant improvements in behavioural changes between groups by the end of the study. There is a need for high-quality research on this topic.
This review found that soap and water performed poorly in the risk of developing IAD in adults. We found that the use of a skin cleanser might be better than soap, and that a structured skin care intervention, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturisation, and skin protection, might be more likely than soap alone. We also found that using a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectionant, or a combined of products) might help prevent and treat IAD. No data were available on the third main outcome 'number of people who were not happy with treatment' or on adverse effects. The overall risk of bias in the studies was high.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 333 patients. The antiviral agents used in the trials were acyclovir, valomacticlovir, and valacycloviral. All trials were at unclear or high risk of bias and so we cannot be certain about the results. All studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry or by grants from the National Institute of Health, and two studies did not report the source of funding. Studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Denmark, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. The studies were of very low or unclear or unclear certainty. We found no differences in the number of patients who developed lymphadenopathies (infection of the lymph nodes) between treatment and control groups. There was a small improvement in the time that patients spent in hospital, but this improvement was not sustained when treatment was stopped. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while treatment was suppressed but this effect did not persist when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes, there was no clear benefit. The risk of adverse events was unclear in only five studies. In some studies, authors were unsure whether an adverse event was due to medications or complications of disease. Overall, we found very low certainty of the results and so further research in this area is needed.
We found four trials that involved 2250 people who were randomly allocated to receive either insulin detemir or insulin glargine. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The studies were at high risk of bias due to the way the studies were carried out and the small number of patients included in the studies. The results showed that insulin was no better than placebo in terms of control of blood pressure and blood sugar levels. Insulin was more likely to be given twice-daily in a higher dose but with less weight gain.
In this review, we found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS for abdominal pain and bloating. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. The review found that SNS did not improve bowel movements, and did not result in fewer episodes of abdominal pain or bloating compared with the control group. No adverse events occurred. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning, SNS was associated with 73 adverse events, including: pain at site of the implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and increased tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the trial carried out by Thin, 15 people with abdominal pain in the SNS group in the 'off' group were less likely to have an episode of abdominal discomfort compared with those with the 'on' group. In the crossover trial by Sørensen and colleagues, 14 people had less abdominal pain per week during the 'outpatients' group compared with that of the 'offs' group (1 per week). In the other trial by Kahlke, 13 people had fewer abdominal pain episodes in either group (2 per week) during one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ times. Four of 27 people had an adverse event due to removal of the stimator. In one trial by Vaizey, two people had more bowel movements per week in one of the two groups (two per week), and one in the other group (one per week); in the third group, one person had more abdominal pain, and one person was more likely to be more likely than the other to have less abdominal discomfort. In another trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 people had to withdraw from the crossover due mainly to complication, and two people were not able to complete the crossover because of problems with the device.
This review found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-or light-cured or a light-centre cement were significantly more likely to fail than molar bands cementing with glass ionomer cement. No other adverse events were found.
We found 66 studies published between 1988 and 2012. We found that EUS is more accurate than other types of EUS in identifying gastric cancer, but it is less accurate in detecting the presence of cancer in other parts of the body, such as the liver and the lungs. We also found that it is more likely to be more accurate in identifying the location of the cancer in which the cancer is likely to spread to other organs. We did not find any differences between studies in terms of the number of patients with cancer in the liver or in the lungs, but we found no differences between the studies in relation to the amount of cancer that spread to the other organs, or the risk that the cancer spread to another part of the lungs and in the abdomen. Overall, we found that, compared to other methods, EUS may be more effective in identifying people with gastric cancers, but more research is needed to confirm this finding.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 492 patients. The number of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average age of the patients varied between 40 and 47 years. The trials were at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. We found that day-surgery does not seem to be as effective as overnight stay surgery in the treatment of gallstones. There were no deaths in either of the groups. No major differences between the two groups were seen in the rate of major complications, such as pain, time to return to normal activities or return to work, or in the number of patients who needed to be readmitted to the intensive care unit. No differences were seen between the groups in terms of failure to be discharged as planned (failure to be admitted to the emergency department) and in the percentage of people who required admission to the neonatal intensive care units. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found eight studies with a total of 2488 patients that compared capsaicin with placebo (a dummy treatment) or with no treatment. We found four studies (1272 patients), two studies (801 patients) and one study (369 patients) that were at high risk of bias. Two studies used a placebo control and six studies used no treatment as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. One study was funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was supported by a pharmaceutical company, and the other study was not funded by a commercial company. The other studies did not provide enough information to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of capsaicins for chronic pain. For pain, we found no differences between groups, but lack of effectiveness withdrawals were somewhat more common with control than with active treatment, based on small numbers of events. Local adverse events were common, but not consistent. No deaths were judged to be due to study medications. For other outcomes, no differences were found between groups. Overall, the results of the studies were inconsistent, and were based on less than complete data.
We found three trials with a total of 6343 people with carotid stenosis. The trials differed in the methods of measuring of stenosis and in the definitions of stroke. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of an ischaemic stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, but did not significantly affect the risk of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. There was no difference between the trials in the risks of any other outcomes, such as mortality, heart attack, or brain injury.
This review found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared the effectiveness of parastomy versus colostomy in preventing parastomies. This trial was conducted in the USA and was funded by the National Institute of Health, the US Department of Health Service, and the United States Department of Public Health Service. Ten RCTs, with a total of 864 patients, were identified. The study did not measured other complications, such as other stoma-specific complications, or other complications related to the surgery. The results of the trial were not consistent between studies. The trial did not provide enough information to support or refute the benefit of one of the studied techniques over the other. Overall, there is still a lack of data to support the best way to prevent parastomatic hernia.
We found 24 studies, with a total of 2126 people who were randomly allocated to receive or receive standard care. The review now includes 24 studies that have been carried out in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. We found that there is not enough data to show a clear advantage over standard care in terms of the rate of relapse, hospital admissions, mental state, and the number of patients who were satisfied with their care. There is also not enough information to determine the effect of standard care on the risk of being admitted to hospital, leaving the study early, or on the level of mental state. There are also no data to compare standard care with other types of care.
We found 11 studies, involving 949 people, that compared an NSAID plus opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. Eight of the studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, two were at low risk for bias, and one was at unclear risk for being biased. None had a placebo only control. Eight studies compared NSAIDs as a group with other treatment, or one of the NSAIDs plus opioid was compared with opioid or opioid plus opioid. One study compared a combined opioid and opioid plus NSAID with opioid alone, and the other with an opioid plus an opioid with no opioid. We found no data on side effects. We judged results for all outcomes as very low quality. Most studies had problems with their methods that could lead to overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms. Overall, the quality of studies was very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
This review found two studies involving 287 people with sickle cell disease. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 people and the other study (involving 34 people) was only addressed one of the outcomes of the review; i.e. pain. This study found that people treated with low-molecular heparin heparins had less pain at day two and day three than in the placebo group, and also at day 4. The other study found no differences between the two groups in terms of length of hospital stay days. Two minor bleeding events occurred in one group and none were in the other group. The second study did not provide enough information to confirm or refute the results of this review.
This review found no randomised controlled trials that compared anticoagulant drugs with antiplatelet drugs.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 2066 patients. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Denmark, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. We grouped the trials into two groups: one group was compared to a non-standard dressing, and the other group to a standard dressing containing a different type of dressing. The other group was a control group that received no treatment, and one group received a placebo (a dummy treatment). We found that the control group was similar to the control groups in most of the trials. The control groups were all treated with a different dress, and in some cases with different types of dressings. We found no data on the effectiveness of any of the dressings in terms of wound healing time, but one trial found that it was more likely that a dressing containing SSD reduced the time to heal when compared with a standard dress. We also found that a dress containing two types of gauze was less likely to be infected than a standard gauze containing no dressing. We did not find any data on other types of dressing, such as dressings containing SSD or other agents. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of SSD and SSD cream. More research is needed.
We found 12 studies with 3571 people with VAP. All studies were funded by drug manufacturers. We found no differences in the risk of death, length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), length of time in ICU, or adverse events between the two treatment groups. We did not find any differences between carbapenemis and non-carbapenems for the treatment of VAP, but we found an increased risk of adverse events. We were not able to assess the benefits and harms of any of these treatments because of the small number of studies that we found.
This review found 29 studies which examined the effectiveness of policies which aimed to reduce drug use and increase health care costs. The review found that when policies aimed to lower the risk of drug-related morbidity and mortality were compared with other drug classes, drug use was decreased, with no increase in the use of other health care services. When policies were also aimed at improving health care, drug costs were reduced, without an increase in other drug costs.
This review found 19 studies with data available for a total of 4232 people. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, France, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. All of the studies compared one-to-one OHA with no OHA. Four studies compared any form of OHA versus routine OHA, and one study compared some form of enhanced OHA compared with some other method. There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of any particular OHA method. Although one small study had conflicting results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed that OHA reduced plaque at all time points. The same two studies measured the outcome of dental caries at 6 months and 12 months. None of the other studies measured dental cavities. The review found that there was too little information to make any conclusion about the benefits of one- to-one oral health care on the outcomes of plaque, infection, and dental decay. There is a need for more studies to provide more reliable information about the best way to improve oral health.
This review found that oral steroids may provide short-term improvements in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks.
This review found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were poorly designed and were too different from each other to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high number of people who dropped out of the trials further increased the risk of bias. The trials did not provide detailed data on the ALS functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up. One trial contained data in a suitable form in which we were able to analyse our secondary outcomes. No differences were seen between the two groups in this trial. No adverse events were observed in the trials.
This review found 10 randomised controlled trials (10 trials involving 1049 people) that compared prednisolone plus plasma exchange plus prednisone with no treatment, or with a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange was associated with better disease control at 1 month, while in the other trial no treatment was found. In the third trial, there was no evidence to support the use of any of the other drugs used to treat BP. There is insufficient evidence to recommend any particular treatment for BP.
This review of trials found that herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritative bowel syndrome, but more trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 12,400 women, that examined the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of LNG as a contraceptive method of birth control. The drugs and doses studied were levonorgestrel 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0.25 mg (4 trials), and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). The studies were carried out in Europe, Asia, and the United States, and were funded by a variety of sources. We found that women who used LNG were less likely to become pregnant than women who did not use LNG, and more likely to stop using LNG because of side effects. Most women liked the method in spite of frequent side effects such as nausea, vomiting, headache, and hair loss. Most of the studies were decades old and were based on only a small number of women.
We found 15 studies involving 561 randomised patients. The studies were carried out in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 examined the effect of surgery on the movement of upper first molars. Eight studies were assessed to be at high overall risk of bias; six studies were at unclear risk, and one study was at low risk. The age range of patients was predominantly males and females, although two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). In eight of the studies, there was a majority of female patients in seven studies. The number of patients who complained of side effects was not clearly different between the studies. We found that surgery was more likely to increase the number of upper molars that healed by 1.68 mm, and that the length of time that patients spent in hospital was reduced by 0.15 years. There was not enough information on side effects of surgery to determine if surgery was harmful or if surgery had any side effects.
We found 50 studies with a total of 45,285 people with CKD that compared statins with placebo or no treatment. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 people) and three studies (5547 people) that compared the effects of statin treatment with no treatment on the risk of death, heart attacks and strokes, and kidney function. The risk of bias in the studies was high. We found that, compared with placebo, statins significantly reduced risk of heart attacks, strokes, liver problems, liver function problems, and cancer in people who did not have CKD at baseline. We also found that people who had CKD were less likely to have a heart attack or a stroke. We did not find data on the effect of statins on survival of CKD.
This review found nine trials with a total of 379 children aged 2 to 19 years who were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more treatment groups, one group received a bisphosphonate or a pamidronate, and the other group received no treatment. All studies were carried out in the USA and one study was in the UK. The children were randomly allocated to one of the treatment groups using a random method that was similar to a toss of a coin. The other group was allocated to receive a placebo (a dummy treatment) or no treatment at all. Pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight studies. All of the studies were mixed. Three of the trials on CP compared the use of intratheal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). In one trial there were also eight major adverse effects; these were pain, swelling at the pump site and an epileptic seizure. At follow-up in both CP and OI trials, pain was similar between the two treatment groups. No trials were found that assessed a common analgesic in this patient group. No adverse events were found in this trial. The adverse events in the BoNT-a trials mostly involved those who received the treatment drug and involved seizures. Gastrological problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were treated with alendrenate. In the other trial there was also eight significant adverse events, which were also in the control group. Based on current data, it is not clear whether pain is an important factor in the treatment of children with cystic fibrosis with LLCs.
We found seven studies that involved a total of 1697 people with Alzheimer's disease who were randomly assigned to receive latreptine or placebo. Three studies were at high risk of bias and one study was at high-risk of bias. We found no data from the seventh study. The review found that latreretine was no more or less effective than placebo in improving memory and thinking, but may be more likely to have an increased risk of side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea. Due to the small number of studies and differences between studies, it was not clear whether latrevetine had any effect on memory, thinking, and function. We also found no difference in side effects between latrexitine and placebo, but there was a small amount of data on side effects such as headache, dizziness, nausea, and vomiting. Overall, we found no differences in adverse events, but more data were needed to confirm these findings.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (involving 735 people) that compared RIC with non-RIC in people with acute ischaemic stroke and cerebral small vessel disease. We found that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrence of stroke in people who have had a carotid stenosis, and may also reduce the chance of having a heart attack or a stroke in the brain. We also found that people treated with RIC were less likely to have a serious adverse event, but no severe adverse events were attributed to RIC treatment. In people who received RIC, the rate of death or need to be dependent on other sources of care was substantially increased compared with people who were given non-RIC treatment. We were not able to identify any trials that assessed the effects of RIC on ischaemia.
We found six randomised controlled trials (involving 204 preterm infants) that compared protein supplements with no supplements in preterm babies. We found that protein supplements increased the risk of short-term growth, body mass index, body weight, and blood pressure, as well as on long-term outcomes. No data were available about the effects of protein supplements on other outcomes. We did not find any data on outcomes after the babies were discharged from the neonatal intensive care unit, and there were no data on how often the babies had to be admitted to the intensive care department. We were not able to identify any differences between the two groups in other outcomes, such as length of time spent in the emergency department, or on the risk that the babies developed an infection of the stomach, or that the infants were more likely to have an allergic reaction to the supplements. We judged the quality of the studies to be very low, meaning that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results.
We found 45 studies that compared PEMs to no treatment. The review includes 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or as part of a multi-pharmacological approach to care for patients, PEM may have a small positive effect on patient outcomes. There is not enough evidence to determine the effect of PEM versus other types of care.
This review found 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 5271 young people. Most of the trials were carried out in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. HIV and chlamydia) and in other countries. A total of 5271 studies were screened and of these 23 RCTs were included in the review. Most studies included in this review were funded by the USA Department of Health, with one study funded by a public health organisation and one study supported by a private company. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there were no differences between the studies in terms of abstinence from or reduction of sex, but there were few differences between studies in other outcomes. There were also no differences in length, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes.
We found twenty studies with a total of 2337 people who were randomly assigned to receive brief psychosocial interventions or usual care. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, Norway, Switzerland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The review found that brief psychotherapy appears to reduce relapse rates in the short-term, but not in the medium-term. In the short term, brief psychological interventions can improve the global state and improve mental state in short periods of time, as well as reduce the number of people who are not satisfied with their daily life activities. There were no differences found between groups with regard to mental state and social functioning, nor were there differences between groups in relation to the risk of death in either group.
We found 11 studies involving 9839 people with COPD that compared LAMA with no LAMA, or with a combination of LAMA and no LABA. We found that LAMA was more likely to reduce flare-ups of COPD, improve lung function, and reduce the risk of death, but was less likely to increase the risk that a person would need to be admitted to hospital because of a flare-up. LAMA did not appear to be more likely than LABA to lead to a person’s need for a heart attack or a stroke. We also found that people who received LAMA were less likely than those who received LABA, to have a higher risk of dying, and to have less severe COPD.
We found three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. The studies were carried out in the USA and Spain. All studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, the European Health Organization, and the European Department of Health. We found no new studies for this update. We could not pool the available data because data from only one study. Heliox was given as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidify oxygen for 20 minutes. The average croup score at 20 minutes after 20 minutes may not differ between groups (MD -0.57, 95% CI -1.46 to 14.18) and mean heart rate may be no different between groups. In the second study of 47 children, children treated with heliox may have slightly better croup scores at 90 minutes after 90 minutes, but may have little or no differences overall. In one study of 29 children, we found no differences between groups in the risk of admission to hospital, or in the number of children who were admitted to hospital because of complications. The third study did not report on adverse events, such as heart rate and blood pressure, or parental distress. All children were discharged from the studies, but we did not find any data on hospitalisations, intubations, or re-hospitalisation. We assessed all outcomes in this review as of low or very low overall, because the studies were too small and were at high risk of bias.
This review found that most of the studies were of poor quality and were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may have been influenced by the way they were carried out. There were 29 groups of index tests examined, but only two featured in more than two studies. There was no difference between the studies in terms of the number of patients who had a spinal injury and the age of the patient. This review found no differences between studies in relation to the type of spinal injury or the severity of the spinal injury. However, when combined tests were used, the results appeared to be more accurate. It should also be noted that many red flags have high false negative rates; and if acted upon uncritatively there would be risks for the cost of care and outcomes of patients with LBP.
This review found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 210 adult men with urethral stricture disease. One trial compared the outcomes of surgery to remove the urethra and the other trial compared surgery to treat the urethroplasia. The other trial included 50 men who were treated with either surgery or with surgery to reduce the risk of complications. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery in the surgery group than in the control group. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men treated by surgery required further self-dilation or further surgery for stricture reurrence compared to 6 of 25 men treated with surgery.
We found six trials that involved a total of 1211 children and adults with confirmed asthma who were randomly assigned to receive ICS or no treatment. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Germany, Spain, Switzerland and Italy. The four trials involved preschool children and two studies involved school-aged children. The studies were conducted between 2004 and 2013. The children were followed up for 12 to 52 weeks, and the adults for 12 weeks. We found that ICS was better than no treatment in terms of lung function, airwayinflammation, asthma control days, symptoms of asthma, more use of rescue β-agonists and exhaled nitric oxide. No differences were observed in the risk of patients with severe adverse events, but a modest reduction in growth was observed with daily ICS compared to inhaled budesonide and beclomet hasone. In children, ICS (budesonide) was better in improving lung function compared to daily treatment. There were no differences between the two treatment groups in other outcomes, for example, in children who were more likely to have a flare-up of their asthma symptoms and were less likely to be admitted to hospital.
We found 17 studies that involved 1639 people with CKD. Eleven studies (900 people) compared dietary counselling with or without dietary advice and six studies (739 people) examined dietary advice with dietary supplements. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with kidney transplantation, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant patients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people who had CKD stages 1 to 5. The studies were not designed to assess the effects of dietary advice on death, heart attacks, strokes, or kidney failure. We found that dietary advice may reduce blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels, and may increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes. We did not find any data on side effects. Overall, dietary advice did not appear to have an important impact on the number of people who died or had a heart attack or stroke.
This review found only one study with a total of 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchial infection. The study did not report on adverse effects of the treatments. This review found that nebulisation of the airways with a combination of saline and saline water and mist in a tent was more likely to reduce the symptoms of acute broncholitis in children up to three years of age.
We found four studies with a total of 1154 people who were randomly assigned to receive a statin or a placebo. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no studies that assessed the role of statins in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. When we pooled data, we found no differences between statin and placebo groups. The main outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's dementia assessment subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. All studies were conducted in the USA and one study was in the UK. The studies were of moderate quality. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
This review of four studies found that there was no data on the effect of night splinting on the range of motion in children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Toot disease type 1A. There was no information on the effectiveness of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscle disease. In one study, there was a small improvement in some strength and function measurements compared with placebo, but not in other outcomes. In the other study, the risk of an achilles tendon injury was increased in 20 young boys who were treated with a night-time night-suppressive drug.
This review found that women who were upright were less likely to have an epidural, and were more likely to stay in the neonatal neonatal nursery. Babies of mothers in the first stage of labour were no more likely than babies in the second stage to require admission to neonatal care. There was no difference between groups for other outcomes, such as length of time women spent in labour, or other outcomes relating to the well being of mothers and babies.
We found three studies that compared different treatments for TOS, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more. The first study involved 55 people with TOS. The second study involved 37 people and compared treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injected into the scalene muscles with no treatment. The third study included in the review was at a high risk of bias. There were no adverse effects in either group. There was no major effect of treatment with the BTX treatment over placebo in terms of pain relief or improved inability to work, but it did improve paresthesia at six months' follow up. This review was limited by a lack of clinical trials that evaluated the use of other treatments.
This review found that oral steroids, splinting, electrical nerve stimulation, and physiotherapy are effective treatments in the short-term treatment of pain and function in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. More trials are needed to compare treatments and to determine the long-term effects of these treatments.
We found two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 people with CRVO-ME. One trial compared IVS treatment with no treatment, and the other trial compared a steroid injection with a sham injection. Both trials were at high risk of bias due to the small number of data that were available. We found that IVS were no more effective than no treatment in improving visual acuity in the control group, but more people in the treatment group had an adverse event. The most common adverse events observed in the IVS group were increased intra-ocular pressure, progressive cataracts, and retinal necrosis.
This review of six trials found that intranasal corticosteroid treatment may help children to improve their symptoms and reduce the size of the nose when compared with placebo. This review found that the first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclometasone (336 mcg/day) improved symptoms and reduced the nose's size. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstructed Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of children treated with placebo, whereas none of the patients treated with a placebo had improved (P < 0.01). The third trial found that 77.7% of people treated with metasone for 40 days improved symptoms, and the nose was less likely to need to be removed. The fourth trial found no differences between the two treatment groups. The fifth trial also found that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg per day) resulted in a smaller proportion of children who were treated with normal saline. In contrast, one trial did not find any differences in symptoms nor adenoid size.
This review found only one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women) that compared epidurals with no treatment. This study was at low risk of bias in three domains but was assessed to be at high risk of systematic error in two domains due to lack of blinding of women and staff, and unclear for random sequence assessment and outcome assessmentor blinding. This trial compared a control group that received epidural block instead of the anti-hypertensives, as well as all the other four drugs. Lumbar epidural block was given using 0.25% bupivaaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour for six hours. The study did not report on any of this review's key outcomes. For the mother, these were: mortality, heart attacks and strokes, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (low blood counts, low platelet counts, and low platelets), spread of blood, and pulmonary oedema. In the baby, this was: stillbirths, neonatal deaths, stillbirth in utero at or after the first week of life, deaths before discharge from the first 28 days after birth, and preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 weeks'. For the other outcomes, there were no significant differences between the two groups. For women, there was a reduced blood pressure in the mother's blood, but this did not lead to improved outcomes for the baby.
We found 16 trials that compared glucocorticosteroid treatment with placebo or with no treatment. The trials were between 25 and 70 years old, and were at overall high risk of bias. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) were included in the review. In the trials, a total of 927 people were randomly allocated to receive glucocORTicosteroids or placebo or no treatment, and 934 people were randomised to receive no treatment or to receive a placebo (or no treatment plus no treatment). The studies were between three days and 12 weeks in duration, and included in all trials men and women. The results of the trials did not show any differences in the number of people with all-cause deaths up to three months of follow-up, or in the risk of any side-effects. Due to lack of data, we cannot exclude an increase in adverse events.
This review found four studies that involved 245 people who were randomly assigned to receive training to improve on-road driving skills after stroke, or to receive no training. The studies were carried out in Belgium, France, Germany, Italy and Spain, and involved a total of 245 people. All of the studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, the National Health Service, and the European Health Service. All four studies were at a low risk of bias for most of the domains, although one study was at a high risk of being biased because of the way it was carried out, and one study did not report on the effects on vision, other measures of vision, motor and motor skills, and driving behaviours. There were no clear differences between the studies in any of the four studies in terms of the number of people who received training or no training, or at six months of age, or in other outcomes, such as quality of life and adverse effects.
We found eight studies that involved 582 people with COPD. The studies were at low risk of bias. Five studies gave oral prednisolone (30 mg in four studies, tapered in one study), and two studies gave blood. Five of the studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and one study received no funding. We found no differences between the studies in terms of the risk of treatment failure between the short- and longer-term treatment groups. No differences were found between the two groups in relation to an adverse event. We did not find any differences in risk of relapse (a new event) between the groups. Time to the next COPD flare-up did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of systemic corticosteroidal treatment. In the studies no differences were observed between the treatment groups in regard to lung function at the end of treatment. Overall, the studies did not provide enough information to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of short- or longer-time-points of treatment for COPD, and further studies are required.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT), which was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 patients. This review found that there was not enough information to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of giving red blood cells to people with MDS. We found no data on the number of patients who were admitted to the emergency department due to bleeding or infection. The study did not report on other outcomes, such as the risk of death due to infection or blood loss, blood loss due to blood poisoning, or iron overload.
This review found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 2079 participants. One study was based on the TV game show "Family Feud" and focused on infections control. This study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The other study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with case-based learnings. The effect on knowledge was similar between the two groups in the first study. In the second study, the group that received the game had significantly higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared the effectiveness of the game with respect to patient satisfaction with care was similar in both groups.
This review found that lithium was more likely to prevent relapse in the short-term than in the longer-term. However, the results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effect model was used (RR random effects 0.40, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.18).
This review found two randomised controlled trials (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment versus control) that compared the effect of the amifoster on salivary gland function and blood pressure. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Both trials had a small number of patients and did not report on the function of salivaries measured by technetium-99m at three months after treatment. One of the trials reported that two patients in one study collapsed and had to be treated by withdrawal of the intravenous and intravenous fluid. The other trial reported no difference in the risk of death from any cause, complications, or costs.
We found three studies that involved 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. The studies were carried out in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and the USA, in the USA. One study was funded by a grant from a charitable organisation, while the other study received no funding. We found only three small studies that were very small, meaning that we cannot be very confident in the results. Two studies compared parent-medication plus a parent-trained clinician with a clinician-trained control group, and one study compared a control group with control group alone. The third study did not provide any information on parental use of the strategies outside of the control sessions. The findings from the three studies found that children in the control group were more likely to use more language items or utterings with language targets in certain contexts post-intervention, but this was not maintained 12 months later. In the third study, there was no difference in parental stress scores between the groups at any time point up to 12 months. No study looked at how the parents talked to and interact with their children, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the parental group at 12 months post-treatment. We judged one study to be at unclear risk of bias, as authors did not report on one assessed outcome; and at high risk of systematic error, as they did not have a co-treatment and only parents were made aware of the target words for their children. The other study found gains for children in terms of total language, but not in other outcomes, and was not consistent between the two groups. In conclusion, we found no studies that assessed the effects of parent-management of language and language skills on children's behaviour and behaviour, and no study that looked at parental satisfaction with the care. We are very uncertain about the results, and further research is very likely to have a major impact on our certainty in them.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 148 people who had had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. The trials did not provide enough data to assess the impact on other outcomes. Due to a lack of data, we were not able to determine the effect on other important outcomes. We did find that, compared with control, people who exercised after heart surgery may be more likely to be more physically active, and may be less likely to have a greater amount of blood in the legs. We found no data on the risk of death, and no data were available on the cost of care. We were unable to assess other outcomes, such as the number of days spent in hospital, or the amount of time spent on work, or how often people returned to work.
We found five studies that involved 1130 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. Two studies were conducted in the UK, one in the USA, and one in Australia. The other study was conducted in Australia, and the other in Spain. All five studies were carried out in the same country, and all five studies involved a similar number of people. We found no differences between the two groups in the studies in relation to the effectiveness of different types of psychosocial, psychological, physical, social, emotional, psychological and psychological treatments. In addition, it is unclear if all patients received support from a chaplain or a psychological, emotional and psychological therapist, or from a psychological or psychological therapist. In one study, it was unclear if any patients received help from a therapist or a therapist's personal friend. In the other study, there were no differences in effectiveness between the trial arms. It is unclear in all the studies whether the patients in the control groups received psychological or emotional support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. This review found that there is a need for more studies in this area of care.
We found six studies with a total of 137 people. We found two studies that examined the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS). One study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, while the other study was supported by a non-profit organisation. The other study received no funding, and one study did not report funding. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia, and were funded by the National Institute of Health, the US Department of Health Services, the UK Department of Public Health, and the USA Department of National Health Service. The results of the studies suggest that tDCS does not have an effect on the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, such as headache, dizziness, nausea, and vomiting. There were no data on side effects, but there were more people who dropped out of the study and were more likely to have a heart attack or stroke. There was not enough information about side effects to tell us if tDCS was more effective than no treatment. We did not find any studies that looked at whether tDCS reduced the time that people spent in hospital, or if it was more likely that people dropped out because of side effects. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths occurred more often with tDCS than with no treatment, but were not more likely with placebo.
We found 12 studies with a total of 461 participants, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. For this review, we did not include studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (n = 32). They did not demonstrate any improvement in pain outcomes. One small study (N = 36) at high risk of biased) compared thoracic supportive block with corticosteroids, and local anaesthesia versus injections of the same agents into the space, but not at short term follow-up. The only study that measured pain outcomes showed no improvement of pain outcomes at one year. Eight small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which were at high and unclear risks of bias, found no effect on pain outcomes, and one small RCT found no improvement on pain outcome. One RCT was at low risk of biases, and the other RCTs were at unclear or unclear risks. Six studies were at low or unclear rates of adverse events, all with minor effects. Overall, there remains a scarcity of studies and a lack of data to support or refute the effectiveness or safety of this treatment for CRPS.
We found 14 studies that involved 2488 people with Bell's palsy. Most studies were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We identified four new studies at this update. We found that antiviral and corticosteroid therapy may have little or no effect on rates of failure to recover compared with placebo or no treatment, but the results were inconclusive. Antiviral therapy may be more likely to reduce the number of people who experience side-effects compared to placebo, but there was no clear improvement in this outcome compared to no treatment. We also found no clear improvements in adverse events, but these were not consistent between the studies. We did not identify any studies that were at low or unclear risks of bias in other domains.
This review found two small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 97 women, that evaluated the efficacy and safety of these drugs in the treatment of platinum-negative and platinum-positive (relapsed) EOC. One study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, and the other study was supported by a drug company. Both studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study did not report on funding from the pharmaceutical company. The other study received no funding from pharmaceutical companies, and did not provide any information on funding. The studies were not large enough to draw any conclusions about the effects of LHRH agonism on overall survival, or on side effects. Overall survival and QoL (quality of life) were not measured in this study. Adverse events were only mentioned for the decapeptyl group. There may be little or no differences in other Grade 3/4 side effects, such as nausea, headache, fatigue, and neutrophils.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials that compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with low blood oxygen levels. We found that iNO appears to have improved outcomes in term and near-term infants who do not have a hernia. Inhaled nitric oxide reduced the risk of death and reduced the need for ECMO. Infants who received iNO were less likely to require ECMO, but were not more likely to be admitted to hospital. The risk of dying was reduced by about 5% in infants who were treated with iNO compared with control. No differences were found between infants who received and did not receive iNO. In this review of trials, we found no differences between babies who received or were not given iNO, and those who were not.
This review found that lumbar supports are not better than no treatment or training for low-back pain. There is still a need for high-quality randomised controlled trials on the effects of lumbars.
We found 57 studies with a total of 16,784 catheter-infected patients. The total number of patients enrolled in the studies was unclear, as some studies did not provide data. Most studies enrolled patients from the age of 18, and most studies were carried out in the ICU, in hospitals in the USA, in the UK, in Europe, in Australia, in Canada, in Spain, in Italy, in Germany, in Denmark, in Switzerland, in Norway, in Sweden and in the United States, in India, in China, in Brazil and in Australia. The studies were of low or unclear risk of bias in most studies, except for blinding, in which the catheter was being assessed in one study and in another study in which it was not clear which treatment was given. We found that impregnant CVCs did not appear to reduce the risk of sepsis (infection of the bloodstream), all-cause deaths, bleeding, tender tissue and/or tender tissue at the site where the CVC was inserted. In addition, impregnations also did not affect the number of adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombopoietic, bleeding and tender tissue.
This review found 15 studies, which involved 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The studies took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru, and were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, and the UK. All the studies were conducted in Bangladesh and Peru and were funded by a variety of sources, including government, non-government, and non-profit sources. All of the studies evaluated were dietary, physical, and mental, emotional, social, and social, as well as physical, mental, and emotional, and psychological, and physical, health care. The main outcomes were available from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length of stay in hospital. There were no studies that assessed the effects of dietary or physical supplements on LBW or length of hospital stay. There was also no study that examined the effects on HFA, and one study that looked at the effect on length at 18 months of age. In addition, there was a study that was funded by the government, which did not provide enough information to draw any conclusions about the impact of dietary and physical supplements. In one study, there were no differences between the studies in relation to other outcomes, such as stunting. In the other studies there was no difference between studies in regard to the effect of dietary supplements or physical and physical activity on children. In another study there were not enough data to draw conclusions on the impact on health outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that foam dressings were no better than other wound dressing treatments in terms of healing of venous leg ulcers. There were no data on side effects of foam dressing compared with: paraffin gauze, knitted viscose dressing, and protease-modulating matrix.
This review found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the efficacy and safety of the drugs used to treat IBD in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Only two RCTs (involving a total of 381 IBD patients) were identified that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. One study (included in the review) compared etoricoxin (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD participants. The other study (n = 222) compared celecoxin (200 mg twice daily) (a corticosteroid drug) with placebo in participants with IBD. The results for disease exacerbations and AEs between the two drugs were unclear. After 12 weeks of treatment, the IBD exacerbations rate was 17% (14/82) in the etricoxib group compared to 19% in the placebo group. No patients in either group died, and no adverse events were noted. In the other study, the risk of adverse events was comparable in the celeoxib and placebo groups. GI AEs were increased in both groups. The risk of side-effects were not clearly different between the treatment groups.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of over 2310 people. The studies were mostly of small numbers of people (from 4 to 317) and were short-term (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials were only people with ulcers that had not spread to other parts of the body. One trial was only of people with infections, and one trial was of people without infections. Two trials were of people who did not have infections. The other 13 studies were not of people whose infections were not serious. We found that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimacterial dressing than with a non-antimacterial dressing. We considered this to be a low-quality result. We also considered this result to be low quality information. We did not find any data on side effects. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the risk of serious complications, because of the small number of studies that we found. Overall, the studies were of low or very low quality.
We found six studies that involved 5193 children. We did not find any new studies for this update. We found that children who were given zinc supplements were less likely to be admitted to hospital and were more likely to have a chest infection.
This review found 10 studies involving 33,179 children. Eight studies found no difference in the risk of acute LRTI, or in the number of symptoms of acute diarrhoea. Two studies found that there was no difference between low- and high-quality studies in children who were more likely to have a low- or a high-dose of vitamins A. However, there was an increase in symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in one study, and increased symptoms of rapid breathing and fever in two other studies. This review found that low-dose vitamins A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal protection to a high dose.
This review found that theophylline has a modest effect on FEV1 and FVC and slightly improves blood gas tensions in COPD. This benefit may be due to the fact that patients were known by the researchers to be tolerable of the drug. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be considered in this review.
We found 10 studies that involved a total of 439 children, aged 1 year to 18 years. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Germany, France, Norway, Switzerland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used a variety of methods to provide oral immunotherapies. We found that an increased amount of egg that can be consumed and tolerated without adverse events can be increased over one to two years, with almost all of the children being more tolerated and less likely to have mild-to-moderate adverse events. We also found that 1 in 12 children were more likely than one in 10 to be more tolerable of egg, and one in 12 was more likely to be less tolerable than a control group. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children, which may have been caused by the use of epinephrine or adrenalin. Overall, the studies were at high risk of bias in at least one domain. This means that we cannot be certain about the results.
We found four studies with a total of 579 people. No data were available for short-term all-cause deaths. Data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards a decreased risk of relapse in people who received an ILR implant. Cost analyses from two trials showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The mean cost per infection and the average cost per arrhythmmic infection were lower for people who were randomised to an implant.
We found four small studies that involved 275 patients with 282 hydrocephalus. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias due to the way the studies were carried out and the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies studied in this review. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of patients who were cured of hydrocoleukopenia. There was an increased number of cases of infection in the surgery group but this increase was not consistent. There is a great need for further studies that assess the effects of various types of sclerosant agents, scleroses, and injections of fluid, as well as cost-effectiveness studies.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT), involving 40 children, which compared nebulisation of the airway with placebo. This review found no differences between groups for the main outcome of percentage cough-free at two weeks. The average change in night time cough diary scores from baseline was also better in the placebo group compared to those on nebulising rhDNase. Other outcomes, such as dyspnoea (dizziness), lack of sputum scores, and lung function tests, also favoured placebo. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias.
We found 21 studies with 2658 people who were randomly assigned to receive psychotherapy or usual care. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, and Spain. We found no studies that compared psychotherapy to other types of psychotherapy. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from one to 13, and the duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. In most studies, the psychotherapy was compared to usual care or to a waiting list, or to enhanced or structured care, or no treatment. The results showed that, compared with usual care, psychotherapy led to a small improvement in symptoms of depression and anxiety, with a small effect lasting for at least two weeks. The effects were durable within and after one year of treatment, and were not more likely to persist when compared with enhanced care. No major side-effects were observed in any of the studies. Overall, most studies were at low risk of bias, which means that we are reasonably confident in the results.
We found 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), enrolling a total of 3027 patients. We found that epidurals may reduce the risk of PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery, but we were only able to combine data from 39 RCTs, which did not provide sufficient data to draw any conclusion. We did not find any data on side effects. We are moderately confident in the results of this review because of the small number of studies and because the quality of the studies was low.
This review found 28 trials that involved a total of 1742 people who were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more drugs or another treatment groups. The drugs were compared with each other or with no drug, or with placebo, or no treatment at all. The review found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of side-effects, except for one drug, which was more likely to cause more weight gain. No data were available for other drugs, such as phenelzine sulfate, topiramine, or amitriptyline, which may be helpful in the short-term treatment of BPD symptoms.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared washout with no washout. The trials involved a total of 349 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups and were randomly assigned to receive washout (either saline or acidic) or a control group (no washout). We found no data on six of the nine outcomes that we were interested in: number of catheters used, number of patients who were satisfied with washout care, or health status/measured in more than one trial group. We found insufficient data to conclude if washouts were helpful or harmful. We also found insufficient information to conclude whether washout was harmful, such as blood in the washout water, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. We were not able to identify any studies that assessed the effects of washout on the cost of care or on health costs. There were very few small RCTs that met the requirements for this review. Only two trials were added for this update (one with 40 people and one with 67 people). Only one trial was free of major problems with the way it was run, and the other with only four people was not well-conducted.
We found 30 studies that involved 18,682 people. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, France, Spain, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. We were interested in studies in which people were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups, or to receive no treatment at all. We found that most of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. We also found that some of the factors that might lead to fatigue were not consistent between studies. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of fatigue on any of the other factors that may lead to tiredness. We are not sure how many people suffer from fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer. More studies are needed to answer this question.
We found 36 trials which involved 6914 people. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Denmark, Switzerland, Switzerland and the UK. There were differences between the trials in terms of the type of antimicrobial used, the risk of infection and the number of deaths in the control groups. In the trials, there was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of patients who died. In addition, there were no differences in the risk that the infection was resistant to any of the antimicrobial drugs used in the trials.
This review found five studies in which nursing homes were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out over a period of time in the UK, USA and Canada. All of the studies looked at the effect of training in nursing homes on the use of PR in elderly people. Four studies were conducted in the nursing homes of nursing homes and one study in group dwelling units. No studies were found in communities. Three studies involved only one or two nursing homes. Two studies offered guidance for nursing staff and two other studies provided guidance for nurses. One study in a nursing home setting demonstrated an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use in the PR groups after seven and 12 months of follow up. The single study in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months, whereas PR use increased in the control group. Overall, the studies were low-quality studies.
We found four randomised controlled trials (involving a total of 416 women) that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo (a dummy treatment). Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analyses, so results include data from only two trials involving 310 women. One study was at low risk of bias in all domains. The other study had a small number of studies and low event rates. We found that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance that a woman would have a live baby if she received a placebo would be between 7% and 31%. We found no data on OHSS or side effects. We also found no differences between the groups in the number of women who would become pregnant or have a baby if they were given a placebo. We did not find any data on the risk of OHSS, and no data were available on the need for a heart attack or a stroke. Overall, there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the safety and efficacy of the drugs. More research is needed.
We found eight trials involving 291 people aged between five and 23 years. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes, but not all trials showed this. We also found that when compared with no treatment, rhGH may improve the outcomes in height, weight and lean body mass. However, this is based on a small number of trials and the small amount of data available. None of the trials measured the cost of treatment on overall healthcare costs. The major change in blood glucose levels did not lead to a change in the level of fasting blood glucose.
We found 26 studies with 1,695 workers that compared removal of the worker's asthma inhaler and reduced the amount of air in the lungs compared to continuing to use the inhaler. We found that workers who were removed from their inhaler may have better lung function compared to those who were not, and may be more likely to report absence of asthma symptoms, but may also be less likely to be employed. We also found that if workers were not removed from work, they may have had less lung function and may have experienced more unwanted effects. We did not find any differences in the number of workers who dropped out of work because of work-related health problems, or in the risk of being lost to work. We were not able to identify any studies that looked at the effect of removal from work on the cost of health care. We are not sure what effect removal may have on health care costs. We need more studies to answer this question.
This review found six trials with a total of 1758 people who were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had an average age of 73 years. All people were from the hospital and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials looked at the effect of PPI on the risk of 'lack of symptom control' (e.g. nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea), and one trial looked at whether PPI led to a decrease in 'drug burden' compared with no PPI. There were no data on cost/resource use or any beneficial effects. In people with mild GERD, PPI may lead to an increase in GI symptoms and a lower pill burden.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared social skills training with standard care. We found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisations were lower for social skills compared to standard care, and that people’s mental state was better in the social skills group. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers that were not improving, and results favoured social skills. We also found that when social skills programmes were compared to a group of people with schizophrenia who were not involved in a social skills programme, there was no clear benefit on patients' mental state, but this was based on only a small number of studies. People with schizophrenia were also less likely to be admitted to hospital, and were more likely to have problems with their mental health. We did not find any data on the effect of social skills on the number of patients with schizophrenia with schizophrenia. We were not able to draw any conclusions about whether social skills can improve other aspects of people's lives, such as physical, social and emotional well-being. More research is needed.
We found only one study that was at low risk of bias. This was the pooled results from two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 225 people with tophi. This study found that peglotics given every two weeks reduced the risk of tophi in the subset of people who received tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all people. In addition, there was a high risk of adverse events, mainly related to flare-ups of gout. We found no data on pain relief of 30% or greater, function, or serum urate normalisations.
This review found that oral IgG and IgG/IgG combined did not reduce the risk of NEC, need for surgery, or death from NEC. Oral IgA did not appear to be effective in preventing NEC.
This review of five trials found that women who were treated with platinum are more likely to live longer and live longer than women who are not treated. The risk of being dead at any time is reduced by a quarter and the risk of dying at any point in time is increased by a third.
This review found 35 studies, from a wide range of countries, that examined the effectiveness of messages delivered using mobile devices. The studies covered a range of messages, such as reminders, messages about health care, and health-related problems. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had received the messages, whereas others were hypot in nature, asking what people felt they would like from the messages. We found that clients' views of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes gave them with feelings of support, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends, although some clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the Internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also lead to a problem. Clients dealing with health problems such as HIV, reproductive health problems, and abortion care were also concerned about how the messages were delivered and how they were delivered. We also found that client views about who sent the messages could affect their views of the programme.
This review found that methadone, compared with any other drug, may be effective in the treatment of opioid dependence, although it is not clear if it is more effective than other drugs. This review found no differences between the drugs used in the studies in terms of side effects.
This review found nine studies that involved 1109 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups: one group received either no treatment, and the other group received no treatment at all. The other group was assigned to receive no treatment or receive a placebo (or a dummy treatment). The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, France, Denmark, Switzerland, Norway, Switzerland and Italy. The studies involved people with opioid-related chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who were on methadone, morphine, buprenorphine, bupropion, oxycodone and bupropine. The review found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of the number of people who dropped out of the studies. However, there is a higher risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, or with other forms of treatment.
This review found 14 studies that compared molindone with placebo (a dummy treatment). The studies were of very short duration and lasted between 10 days and three months. The review found no differences between the two drugs in terms of side effects.
This review found 20 studies involving a total of 2125 people that compared melasma treatments with placebo or no treatment. Each study involved a variety of treatments. They can be grouped into three main groups: a bleaching agent such as hydrocinone, three-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinol1 acetonide), and three-drugs, as well as less standard treatments, such as ruccinol, vitamins C and C, and skin-lighting complex like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The results of the studies were not consistent across the studies. In the studies that were compared to placebo, people rated their melasma as improved in one treatment group, but not the other. In two studies, people who were treated with antibiotics were more likely to improve than those who were given a placebo. The most common adverse events were mild and transient skin reactions such as skin irritations, itching, burning, and stinging.
This review of trials found that surgery for the first time reduced the risk of failure in the first year of follow-up. The risk of surgery was also reduced in the high-risk group and in the low-dose group. No differences occurred in the combined surgery group. There were no data on the patients' views of care, so it is not clear if this is an aspect of the treatment that is acceptable to both patients and doctors. No data were available on the differences between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the results for combined surgery and low versus high-dose of 5-FU were found to be very low using GRADE.
This review found that long-term use of inhaled steroids did not significantly reduce the rate of death in COPD patients. There was an increased risk of infection and hoarseness.
We found 80 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 5820 women, that compared NSAIDs with placebo (a dummy treatment) or with other NSAIDs. We found that NSAIDs were better than placebo in terms of pain relief and side effects, though data were very scanty. NSAIDs appeared to be no better or worse than other drugs, but data were too scanty to be sure of this. We also found that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve good pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. We did not find any data on side effects of NSAIDs, but we found that women using NSAIDs need to be aware of the risk of side effects. Overall, NSAIDs appear to be a very good treatment for dysmenorrhoeA.
We found seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 patients). In five of the studies (2417 patients), the risk of death was similar between high- and low-level groups. In the other two studies (148 patients) the number of ventilator free days was no more between the two groups. We found that in the high-PEEP group, oxygen levels were improved in the first, third, and seventh days. The risk of barotraum was similar in both groups, although in two of the three studies, the authors used a lower tidal volume and high levels of pneumatic ventilation. We also found that high-pneumatic ventilators were no more likely to have an adverse effect than those in the low-pneumonia group.
This review includes 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. The review found that all HES products increase the risk of kidney failure and need for dialysis in patients treated with other fluid products. The risk of meeting urine output and kidney failure based on RIFLE-R (risk) was in contrast in favour of HES therapy, with an increased risk of AKI in people treated with HES treatment. No difference between subgroups were seen between sepsis versus non-septis patients, and between low versus high versus low doses of fluid.
We found nine studies that involved 682 people with CKD. Seven studies were judged to be at low risk of bias due to the small number of studies that were available and/or all outcomes that were related to this review. Two studies were considered to be free of bias, and one study was judged to have no bias. We found no data on all-cause deaths or cost of treatment. No data were available on patient-reported morbidity or cost. Only minor adverse events were observed in the studies. Overall, we found insufficient data to support the use of Rheum officineal to improve SCr and BUN levels in CKD patients.
This review found that IQCODE can be used to detect older people who are likely to be at risk of Alzheimer's disease. The quality of the studies was generally poor, so it was difficult to assess the quality of life of people in the studies. There was also a lot of variation in the way the studies were done, which may have affected the results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 91 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. All three studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may have been influenced by the way the studies were carried out. We found that there was no difference between groups in terms of motor function, or in the range of movement, up to six months after the stroke. There was also no difference in children and those with lower limb spasia, or after other types of treatment. No studies examined the effect of the intervention on 'passive function' (e.g. caring for a damaged limb), caregivers' burden, or the person's personal goals for treatment. There were no studies that looked at the effects of the treatment on other outcomes, such as motor function and spasia. Overall, we found no differences between groups for motor function or spasia in the short and the longer term.
This review found four trials, involving 136 patients, that compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. Two trials compared the treatment of chronic HBV with HBIG alone, and one trial compared the combined treatment with the newer antiviral drugs. The trials were open-labeled, and none of the trials were adequate to show a benefit in terms of the number of patients with HBV recurrences.
This review found 10 studies that involved 1019 people who were followed up between three months and 10 years. All studies had a high risk of bias. The review found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of blood sugar and blood pressure, but one study found that insulin (with or without metformin) may lead to poorer blood sugar control compared to insulin alone. No differences were found between the treatment groups on side effects, although one study showed that insulin maintained a lower blood sugar level than insulin. One study showed no differences in fasting C-peptide levels in the insulin group but decreased fasting blood sugar levels after one year. In one study, there were no data on adverse events.
We found 70 studies with a total of 44,958 people who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, Spain, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Italy. The results of this review suggest that no differences were found for WF or MF. No effects were found on GFF or MC. Binge drinking at four or more months: results pooled with IFF, WF, MF and GFF were similar, with no differences found for GFF and MC. Quality of life was similar in all studies, although in some studies there was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be ruled out as a possible cause of these findings. Overall, the risk of bias of the studies was low, which means that we cannot be certain about the results.
We found three trials with a total of 492 people who had received 530 THA. One study (81 people) compared outcomes for people who were given hip safety training versus no training. The other study (265 people) looked at whether people were more likely to return to work if they were not given training on their own. The study did not measure pain, function, re-operations, or total adverse events. The third study (146 people) found no differences between groups in terms of the number of people with hip dislocations, or in the risk of needing further surgery. The fourth study (147 people) was funded by a charitable organisation, and the third study was supported by a non-profit organisation. Due to the lack of data, we are not able to conclude whether training on how to work and how to care for other aspects of daily life, such as eating, bathing, and bathing, improves function. We are also unable to conclude if training in how to carry out other types of work or how to do other tasks helps people to cope better with their daily life. There is not enough information to support or refute the use of a program that aims to help people to return home more quickly after a THA operation. More studies are needed to assess the effects of training on function, pain, and other outcomes.
This review found that LNG-IUD may reduce the number of women with pain after surgery in women with endometrial hyperstimulation.
This review of 24 studies found that changing the number of available food options or changing the location of foods or drinks could lead to a small increase in the amount of food and drink that people eat and drink, and may also reduce the amount that they consume. This review found that when food and drinks were placed farther away from home, there may be little or no difference in how much food or drink people eat or drink. When food was placed further away, the effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the product(s) was available; and when the study was at high risk of bias.
This review found that PEP did not appear to have an effect on the risk of HIV infection, but it was more likely that patients stopped taking PEP because of side effects. More research is needed to determine the effectiveness of PEP.
This review found that CBT is a useful approach to the treatment of chronic pain. CBT has small effects on pain and mood, but not on pain or mood, when compared with active controls. CBBT has no effects on mood, although there is a small effect on psychological symptoms, such as anxiety and depression. CBTT has weak effects in reducing pain, but only after treatment, and when compared to treatment as usual/wait-and-wait list. Cognitive behavioural therapies have small effects in relieving pain, with some improvements at six months of follow-up, but have no effect on mood and psychological symptoms. There is no need for more randomised controlled trials on the effectiveness of CBT.
We found 15 studies that involved more than 260,000 people. Ten studies were conducted in Finland, one in Ireland and one in the United States. The other studies were carried out in Spain, Italy, Germany, Spain, Switzerland and Italy. All of the studies were at high risk of bias, meaning that there was a possibility of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out. We found no differences in salt intake between men and women. We could not identify any adverse effects of these studies. The number of studies was not large enough to permit other subgroup analyses, such as the type of program, how much salt was given, how often salt was used, and how long it lasted.
We found seven studies that evaluated the efficacy and safety of medications for the treatment of sleep bruxism. All studies had a small number of patients, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine, levodopa, and triedptophan were compared with placebo. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of unclear risk. The results for each of the drugs were based on data from one or more studies. The review found that amitriptine reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took a placebo (5/10) as well as in those who received a placebo. Clonidine may have reduced blood pressure in three of 16 patients. One study found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of adverse effects. The quality of life of people treated with a placebo was similar, with no differences observed between the treatment groups.
We found 10 studies that involved 1015 people with ARDS. The studies were heterogeneous in nature and varied in a number of ways, such as type of omega-3 fatty acid (eicosapentaenoic acid), docosahexaenoian acid (DHA), gamma-linolening acid (GLA), and antioxidant (antioxidant). All studies were carried out in the USA and one in Australia, one in Spain, and one each in Spain and Italy. The review found that the risk of death was similar in all of the studies. We are unclear of the effects on the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) and on the number of days spent on ventilators, as well as on the amount of oxygen in the blood at day four. The risk of adverse events such as cardiac events (e.g. heart attacks, strokes, and blood clots) was also similar in the studies, as was the risk that a person would have a heart attack or a blood clot, or that a patient would have an allergic reaction to the treatment. We assessed some studies as having high risk of bias due to weaknesses in their methods.
This review found 33 studies that compared the effectiveness of methods of eliciting AE data with checklist-style questions or rating scales. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, France, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. The evidence is current up to May 2017. The review found that more AE data were identified in studies that were more likely to be identified when an initial open enquiry was used, while some less severe AE outcomes were only identified with a follow-up question. There was no data on AE outcomes, but we were able to suggest some effect measures as a risk ratio of the percentage of AE patients with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of AE data in studies using a less complex approach compared to checklists, with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit AE data may affect the accuracy of AE outcomes.
We found 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We found a single study that met our selection criteria. This study was at a high risk of bias due to the small number of participants and the way the study was carried out. The study found that when people with epilepsy were supervised for no more than 24 hours, they were less likely to have a night-time seizure than if they were not supervised. We also found one study that found no difference in the number of non-SUDEP deaths, or in how often a person shared the same bedroom, or when a special device was used to monitor a person's location. We did not find any studies that assessed the effects of other current treatments, such as seizure-detection devices, safety pillows, safety pills, SSRIs, early surgery, and opiate and adenosine antagonist drugs.
This review found seven studies, involving 208 people, which were designed to assess the efficacy and safety of this treatment technique. The age of people in the studies ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease symptoms. Six studies enrolled people who were stable, whilst one study enrolled people with an infection. One study was funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study received no funding. The studies were carried out over a period of four days and lasted between four and two years. There were no studies that compared this technique to any other form of airway clearance technique. There was no difference found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for one study in which the technique used was described as being the preferred technique of the people in one study over other techniques. Six of the seven studies measured the amount of oxygen in the blood and three studies measured sputum weight. The review's main outcome was the most common outcome measured by all seven studies. Only one study measured the level of oxygen required for a person to breathe in one second and found no difference between the two techniques. Only three studies assessed the number of people who needed to be admitted to the intensive care unit, and found a decrease in oxygen levels, although this was not consistent in all of the studies. None of the other outcomes were used in any of these studies. More studies are needed to confirm the results of this review.
This review found that psychotherapy based on CBT guidelines is more likely to help people with GAD to cope with their symptoms and improve their quality of life, as well as to improve their overall well-being, than other types of psychotherapy. More research is needed to determine the best way to treat GAD.
We found 12 trials involving 1,856 women. The trials were carried out in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. In five trials women had had three or more randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and in seven trials women suffered two or more RCTs. Eight of the trials compared treatment with placebo and the other four trials compared no treatment. In the trials, women were randomly assigned to receive either a placebo or no treatment, or a control group that received no treatment at all. We found that there may be a small decrease in the number of women who have a third or more of their first trimester of pregnancy, compared to control groups. There may also be a slight improvement in the rate of live birth or stillbirth. We did not find any data on other secondary outcomes, such as neonatal death, low birthweight and stillbirth, and no data were available on the secondary child outcomes of teratogen effects or admissions to a special care unit. We are not sure about the effect on the risk of preterm birth. The quality of trials was low or very low.
We found 14 studies with 1298 women. Nine studies (704 women) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 women), compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychological treatment. For the most part, it was unclear if the studies were well controlled for bias within their studies. We assessed risk of bias in the studies as a result of poor study design, incomplete reporting of study details, and a lack of data on other outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, we found that CM and MIB did not significantly affect the risk of pre-term birth, neonatal complications at birth, or low birth weight. The results did, however, suggest that neonates were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit when CM was compared to control.
We found 31 studies with a total of 27,071 patients. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for many domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the approach reduced short-term net adverse events (i.e. assessed during hospital admission and up to 30 days of follow-up) as well as the risk of death, heart attack, bleeding, and access to the emergency department. The approach had a lower risk of all-cause deaths, but was less likely to lead to a shorter-term heart attack.
We found only two studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not able. We did not pool data due to differences between the two studies and the settings. The two studies measured 31 outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. One study compared palliatives with no palliations, and found no differences between groups in terms of the number of deaths, for example, heart attacks or strokes. The other study compared a palliation plan with no treatment, and did not find any differences in the risk of death, but did not provide enough information to be sure about this. In the other study, the palliator was more likely to be available on discharge in the control group. We found no data on other outcomes, such as the need for a heart attack or stroke, or the need to be admitted to the intensive care unit. In this study, palliators were more likely than control groups to discuss feeding options, but we cannot be certain about this result. We concluded that there is not enough data to assess the effect of palliatory care for people with Alzheimer's disease. There are six studies that we expect to include in future versions of the review.
This review found three randomised controlled trials that involved 1166 women who were randomly assigned to receive either chemotherapy or radiotherapy for breast cancer. The review found that chemotherapy and radiotherapy did not appear to have a major effect on the risk of the cancer coming back or of the tumour coming back again.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 622 overweight or obese people. The RCTs were carried out in a variety of countries, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP with placebo, and one trial compared the effect of CrP alone versus placebo. We found no clear differences between the studies in terms of body weight, body mass index (a measure of body fat) or change in waist. We also found no differences between studies in relation to side effects. Overall, we found no firm differences in effectiveness and safety between the included studies.
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 people who were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be readily read or analysed. The outcome data available were not consistent across studies. The results of one study suggested that a zinc oxide mesh dressing may be more effective than a plain mesh dressing in terms of time to wound healing between groups. Another study found that a sugar-soluble antibiotic, Triclosan, may reduce the time to healing of wounds when treated with a honey-soaked gauze, compared with a standard sodium hypochlorite treatment. The other study found no differences between the two treatment groups in relation to the number of patients who were treated with other antisepts. We found no clear differences between groups in regard to the length of time it took for the wound to heal. There was no data on the amount of time taken for the wounds to heal in the honey group. The third study showed no differences in the time that the wound took to heal when the wound was treated with an antibiotic, or with a placebo, compared to a placebo. The fourth study showed that the skin of the skin was more likely to heal with a sucralate cream, but this was based on only one small study with a small number of people. The study also found lower wound pain scores in the sucralfet group. This review found that there is currently no firm conclusion on the benefits and harms of any of these treatments. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will change this conclusion.
This review found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1049 women. The trials were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, Italy, Spain, Spain and Italy. The review found that there was no convincing support for any of the techniques used in the trials. There were no trials that assessed the effectiveness of any of these techniques.
This review found 10 studies that involved a total of 439 people. Six studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), five studies were non-randomised trials (1182 people), one study was in Bangladesh, one was in South Africa, and three studies were in Canada. Seven studies compared wheat flour with folic acid alone or with other micronut nutrients. Three studies evaluated maize flour with or without other nutrients, and one study compared maize flour plus other nutrients with no nutrients. In one non-RCT, wheat flour had no effect on the incidence of total neural tube defects. In another study, women who consumed maize flour were more likely to have higher levels of serum folate and plasma folate compared to women who did not consume maize flour. In the third study, pregnant women who received maize porridge were less likely to be pregnant and to have lower levels of plasma and haemoglobin. In two studies, serum and plasma were higher among women who were given maize flour and plasma. In a study of children, there were no differences in the amount of red blood cells and white blood cells in the blood, and no differences were found between the two groups. Women who were fed maize flour did not have higher plasma and red blood cell counts compared to those who were not. In three studies of maize flour, women receiving maize flour had lower plasma and higher plasma levels, but no differences between the groups.
This review found two randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,124,483 neonates that assessed the effects of neonatal screening on lung function and quality of life. Both trials were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The other trial was supported by the US Department of Health and the US Food and Drug Administration. The review found that neonates who were screened were less likely to have low blood counts and were more likely to live longer than those who were not screened. The risk of dying from any cause was similar in both groups. In one study, the risk of developing pneumonia was lower in the group that was screened than in the control group. In the other study, there was no difference between the two groups.
We found five trials, involving a total of 7314 people, that compared 'lower' versus'standard' blood pressure targets in people with high blood pressure and low blood pressure. Only one trial (ACCORD-H, ABCD-N,ABCD-2V, and a subgroup of HOT) examined the effect of lower blood pressure on the risk of stroke, heart attacks, and kidney failure. The other trials examined the effects of lower versus standard blood pressure, and found no differences in risk of heart attacks or kidney failure, but there was a trend towards a trend to lower non-cardiological risk of death. There was a high risk of bias for every outcome examined in favor of the 'lower blood pressure target in the trials.
This review of trials found that the use of non-removing devices to treat plantar foot ulcers is more likely to result in a reduction in the number of ulcers than with dressings alone.
We found five randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 235 people who were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. Two trials were carried out in the UK, one in the USA and one in Australia. Two studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one by a university, and one was funded by a non-profit organisation. The other study was supported by a grant from a commercial company. We found no studies that assessed the effects of psychosocial, psychological, emotional, social, or psychological, and/or social-behavioural (e.g. emotional, intellectual, and social) treatments on the effect of these treatments on our main outcome. We also found two RCTs that were at a low risk of being biased, which means that their results may have been influenced by the way in which the studies were conducted. We did not find any studies that measured the effects on mental, emotional and social functioning. We were not able to pool the results of the studies because the results were not consistent across the studies. We assessed the studies using GRADE for mental and emotional health outcomes and found no differences between control groups. More studies are needed to confirm these findings. There is also a need to conduct research into the effects and safety of non-drug strategies for people with breast cancer.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, involving 343 people with schizophrenia. Only short-term data were available. Results from the trials found that, in terms of the mental state scale Brief psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS); no clear differences were observed. Chlorazine appears no worse or better than piperacetidine. In both treatment groups, around 60% experience some sort of adverse effect. No clear differences in numbers of people leaving the study early for any reason was observed. No trial provided data for change in adverse symptoms or costs.
This review found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 207 patients that compared the benefits and harms of colonic stenting in the treatment of colopoietic colostomies. The review found no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of deaths between the groups. There were no differences in the 30-day deaths between two groups. No differences were found in the risk of complications in both groups. The quality of life of the patients was higher in the colonic group. The mean time to complete the operation/operating time was 113.93 minutes in the colic group compared to 143.85 minutes with respect to blood loss.
This review found that the plasma expanders assessed in this review reduce rates of OHSS in women at high risk. There were no data on live birth rates. Adverse events appeared to be rare, but were too poorly described to reach any firm conclusion.
This review found 10 studies that involved 484 patients. The review found that there was no difference between any of the agents studied and placebo in the treatment of telangiectasia of the lower limbs. There was also no difference in the effectiveness of any of these agents compared with placebo. There were no data on side effects, but there was a small amount of data from one study that indicated that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was more likely to cause side effects compared with POL, heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo, and that POL was no more painful than placebo. More research is needed to identify the best agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results.
We identified seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 241 patients. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Spain, Italy, Spain and Italy. The studies were of moderate methodological quality and were poorly described in most studies. We found no studies that assessed the effect of any of the drugs on the risk of death, heart attacks or strokes. We also found no RCTs that assessed other drugs, such as sodium bicarbonates or aminophylline, and no trials that compared these drugs with placebo. We did not find any studies that compared other drugs with other drugs that are more likely to be beneficial in the treatment of hyperkalemia.
We found 29 studies, enrolling a total of 3392 people, that were randomised controlled trials (studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared antimiotic and non-antibiotics with standard sealing solution (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Spain and Italy. The review found that antimiotic lock solution (antibiotic and no antibiotics) may reduce the risk of CRI compared to control solution, but the effect on thrombotic events is unclear. Antibiotics and combined antimiotic-non antibiotics may decrease the chance of developing a blood clot in the vein, but this effect is unclear for other types of antimiotic solution. The quality of the studies was low or very low.
This review found 15 studies that involved 1098 people with CMV. Of these, six studies examined the effects of pre-emptative treatment versus placebo or standard care, eight studies looked at preerptive treatment versus antiviral proptylaxis, and one study looked at oral versus IV preeruptive treatment. The evidence is current to May 2017. The review found that pre-prescribing CMV to prevent CMV reduced the risk of CMV disease but did not reduce the risk that CMV was caused by other causes. There was no difference in the risks of all-cause deaths, graft loss, acute rejections, and infection of the liver. The quality of the studies was generally low, and all studies were at low risk of bias. Only one study provided information on how the study was carried out, and the other studies did not provide enough information to allow us to assess the quality of life of patients.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 140 people, that compared sweet potato with placebo (a dummy treatment). All three studies were performed by the same trialists. All three RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato versus placebo on blood sugar control in people with blood pressure problems. There was a trend towards a reduction in blood sugar levels at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato compared to placebo. There were no major adverse effects, but the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high.
This review found that the active cycle of breathing technique was similar with respect to other types of breathing techniques, but was no more effective in improving lung function, sputum weight, and number of lung attacks. More people preferred the control of the breathing technique over airway oscillator devices, and were more likely to be satisfied with the use of high-frequency chest compressions. There were no differences in lung function and the number of pulmonary attacks between the control group and control group. More studies are needed to better understand the effects of the active cycles of breathing on other outcomes.
This review found that brief co-incubations of sperm and oocytes may lead to a lower risk of a live birth rate and a higher risk of the need for a caesarean section. More trials are needed to confirm this finding.
This review found that a short-term increase in the risk of lung injury and death was observed in five studies involving a total of 694 infants. Long-term complications were not reported in any of the studies.
This review found that TFU has been applied in many patient groups. There is a large variation in the ways the TFU was performed (e.g. the health care professional, the health professional's partner, the patient's friend, etc.). Overall, there was no difference between TFU and control groups. No adverse effects were observed.
We found 38 trials that compared different strategies to improve the number of people who returned to trial sites for trial follow-up. The trials were carried out across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare settings and communities. The review found that, compared with a control group that did not receive any financial support, people who received financial support were more likely to return to the trial site and were less likely to respond to questions about their health and well-being. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of money they received and the amount they received in return. There were few trials that looked at other strategies that aimed to improve people's satisfaction with trial outcomes. We found that people who were offered financial support and were also more likely than those who were not to receive financial support to return the questions they were asked. We also found that if people were offered a non-financial support, they were more satisfied than if they were not. We did not find any trials that assessed the effectiveness of other strategies, such as letters, reminders, or a telephone survey. More research is needed to confirm the results of this review.
We found eight studies that involved a total of 829 patients. We found that the ProSeal airway made a better seal than the Classic airway, and may be more likely to be quicker to insert, but may be less likely to require more time for the device to be used. No studies were large enough to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effects of the airway devices in terms of failure to insert the device, use of an alternative device, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflations, regurgitations, coughing, and increased pressure in the lungs. None of the studies looked at the effect of the device on nausea, and no data were available on side effects. Overall, there were very few events.
We found 19 studies with a total of 1453 children. The children were aged between four and 18 years. The average age of children in the studies ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen studies were funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was funded by a private company, and one study received no funding. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland and Italy. We found that children were more likely to improve in pain at zero to three months after treatment compared to those given placebo. There was also less pain at three to six months post-treatment. There were no differences between the two groups in other outcomes, such as the number of children who needed to be treated with extra pain medication, or the amount of time children spent in hospital. We were not able to identify any studies that looked at children's other secondary outcomes, for example, how well children did in school, or how well they did in other aspects of their lives. We judged the results of the studies to be based on only a small number of studies, which means that we cannot be certain about the results. We did not find any studies which looked at the other outcomes that we were interested in. We also found only one study of low FODMAP diets and only one trial of fructose- restricted diets.
This review found 22 studies with a total of 4490 people. All studies were randomised controlled trials (studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysedable outcome data. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias, except for one study that was at unclear risk of systematic error. The studies were very diverse, and were based on very small numbers of people. The results of the trials were mixed, with effects showing a small to medium effect in the short-term and medium-term, and in the longer-term. Studies did not provide enough information about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes.
We included 85 studies in our review. The studies took place in 41 countries, in rural, urban, and semi-Urban settings. Forty-six studies explored the views of healthy pregnant women, 17 studies explored a range of healthcare providers, and 22 studies included the views and concerns of both women and healthcare providers. We found 52 findings in total and analysed these into three domains: social context (11 findings, five moderate or high- confidence); service design and delivery (24 findings, 15 moderate or low-confidence); and what matters to women and staff. The third domain was sub-separided into two areas; personalisation of care, and knowledge and safety. For women, initial or continuous use of ANC depends on a belief that doing so will be a good result. This is a result of the availability of good- quality local services that are not required on the payment of formal fees and that allow staff to take the time needed to care for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Women’s views of the value of ANC depend on their beliefs about pregnant as a healthy or a risky state, as well as on local sensitisation of women to potential risks. Healthcare providers also require to be trained and educated to do their job well, so that they do not need to demand extra formal funds from women and family, to increase their income, or to fund basic needs. Such care also depends on organisultural norms and values that overtly value kind, caring staff, who make informed, socially-appropriate links with women, and who can recognise and respond to risks when they arise.
This review found 16 trials that involved 3361 patients with aneurysmal SAH. The review found that the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia was reduced by a small amount, but the effect on the number of patients needed to treat was unclear. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nimodine.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 739 children. The first study was funded by the National Institute of Health, while the second study received no funding. The third study was supported by a grant from a pharmaceutical company, and the third study did not report funding from any source. All studies had some problems with their methods, which may have led to the overestimation of the benefits and underestimation of harms. We found that treatment of high-risk patients with intermediate- and low-risk of dying from any cause was more likely to result in a higher risk of side-effects, such as kidney damage, infection and sepsis, than in the control groups. We also found that the risk of death was similar in both treatment groups. No data were available on the effect of treatment on overall survival, but when the results of the studies were added to the analyses, we found that when treatment was compared to no treatment, the benefit of treatment was similar between the treatment groups in terms of event-free survival. We did not find any data on the effects of treatment in relation to other outcomes such as adverse effects, but the results were not univial in all studies. This review found that myelopoietic treatment appears to be more effective than no treatment in the treatment of patients with high- or low- risk of dying of any cause. The best study design to answer these questions is a RCT.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 632 people. The average age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The percentage of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the percentage of people with stage III liver cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up period was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause deaths and increased tumour response, despite a higher rise of total bilirubin. We are also very confident in the results of the RCTs.
This review found no randomised controlled trials that examined the effects of increased versus standard dietary intake for preterm infants with CLD/BPD. The review found that infants who were given a higher amount of milk feed and/or fluid were no more likely to achieve the pre-designed feed volumes and that there was no difference in growth, breathing problems, oedema and the need for diuretics. One study showed that infants in the control group had improved growth and breathing problems up to three months of age. The other study found no difference between the two groups in the other group in terms of the amount of feed and or fluid.
We found 13 studies enrolling 2341 patients that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of Doppler imaging techniques compared with other techniques. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and differences among the studies was noted. The results of the studies were based on data from nine studies with a total of 2049 patients. We found that Dopper imaging techniques reduced the risk of accidental puncture of the blood vessels and increased the number of attempts needed to insert the catheter. No data were available on deaths or patient-reported outcomes. No differences were found between the studies in terms of time to success, number of times to first-time attempts until success, or time taken to insert a new catheter, or on the risk that the patient would need to be admitted to the emergency department because of a blood clot in the vein. We also found no differences between the two techniques in relation to the amount of blood that was left in the blood after surgery. We concluded that two of these techniques offer small gains in safety and effectiveness when compared with a landmark technique for subclavial (arterial puncture, haematoma) or femoral vein placement.
This review found that physiostigmine was no more effective than placebo in improving the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. More patients in the physiotherapy group withdrew from the trial due to side effects, and more people in the control group withdrew because of side effects.
We found 13 trials with a total of 16,112 people who were randomly assigned to receive a fibrate or a placebo (a dummy treatment). We found that fibrates were more likely to reduce the risk of stroke, heart attacks, and blood clots than placebo. We found no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of people who had a heart attack or a blood clot. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in the proportion of people with any adverse events. We judged overall risk of bias to be low.
This review found that women who received TA were less likely to have more blood loss than women who did not receive TA. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL was less common in women who had received TA versus placebo or no treatment, and less likely in women with CS. More women in the group of women with TA were more likely to be admitted to hospital and had more minor side effects than in women without TA.
We found 12 studies (involving a total of 2494 children and adults) that compared the efficacy and safety of the drug with placebo (placebo) and with rimantine (an antiviral drug). We found no studies that assessed the effectiveness of rimantenine in children. We also found two studies that evaluated the safety of this drug in adults. We did not find any studies that examined the efficacy of amantine in the older population. We found that, compared to placebo, the drug was less likely to be associated with an increased risk of flu-like symptoms in children, but did not appear to be more likely to cause any adverse effects.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 1512 women. In seven studies the women were having IUI and in two studies women were trying to conceive from sex. In the other two studies, women were also having a hysteroscopy. The studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of accuracy. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA and one study was based in the UK. We found that women who had an IUI were less likely to have a live birth or a live baby than women who did not have a IUI. Women who had hysteroscopically performed in the cycle prior to IUI did not appear to have more women who were more likely to be pregnant than those who were not. When women had surgery in the same cycle as the IUI, there were no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of women who became pregnant, or in the risk of needing a caesarean section. Women had less pain during the operation. No women had more bleeding after the surgery. Overall, we found no differences in the rates of miscarriages, ectopic pregnancies, or other unwanted events. We are not confident in the results of this review. More RCTs are needed to confirm or refute these findings.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which were at high risk of bias. The studies involved 3905 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups: one group received standard care, and the other group received no care. The other group was assigned to receive no care at random. We did not pool the results from one study (involving 834 people) because the results were not consistent between groups. We were not able to identify any differences between groups in terms of the number of patients who were admitted to hospital. We found no differences between the studies in other outcomes. Only one study reported on adverse effects. The study found no major adverse events and 64 minor adverse events, the most common of which were oral cavities (not defined) and dental staining. Overall, the quality of the studies was low or very low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review found that budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) is more likely than placebo to induce an improvement in the response to lymphocytes and histology in patients treated with chemotherapy or radiotherapy. No adverse events were noted in the bismuth subsalicylates study. Adverse events in the mesalazine study include nausea, nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. The other 3 studies were judged to be at low risk of bias.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 3259 patients, that compared self-management of blood glucose with usual care. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, France, Switzerland and Italy. The interventions were compared with a control group that received usual care or no care, or with no care at all. We found that when blood glucose is over one year, the overall effect of self-care on blood sugar control in patients who are not using insulin is small up to six months of follow-up and subsides after 12 months. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not consistent. More research is needed to explore the impact of SMBG on blood glucose and blood pressure, as well as the impact on blood pressure and other outcomes.
This review found that there is not enough research to support the use of psychosocial treatment for people with AsPD. Eleven studies with a total of 471 people were identified, although data were available from only five studies with 276 people. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample, and one study was funded by an agency with commercial interests in the results of the study. The results suggest that, compared to the control group, psychotherapy plus usual care was more likely to improve drug misuse in one study, but not in the other. The effectiveness of psychotherapy and standard care was also limited by the small number of people who were involved in the studies, and the poor quality of the studies. In the third study, the effectiveness of the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxication’ program was similar to that seen in the control groups, with no difference in effectiveness between the two groups. No study was found to be more likely than the control studies to show a difference between the treatment groups in terms of effectiveness in other outcomes, such as satisfaction with care and satisfaction with treatment sessions.
This review of randomised controlled trials found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of lack of cure or persistent symptoms. There was an increase in adverse effects in children and adults.
We found five trials involving 162 randomised patients that compared penicillin (50,000 units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). Adverse events and the percentage of patients achieving clear or almost clear skin were not measured. One trial (N = 50) assessed long-term azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamins C. At six weeks of treatment, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there were no differences between the two groups in the number of patients who achieved clear or nearly clear skin. At eight weeks, 18% versus 0% of patients in the placebo group reached PASI 75 at the end of 48 weeks, and 0% versus 1% of those in the no treatment group. One patient in the control group had minor bleeding. At 24 weeks, one person in the treatment group had no major adverse events, and 10 out of 30 had nausea and discomfort, but not in the other group. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of antibiotics (systemic antibiotics) compared with no treatment. One study was declared funding by a drug manufacturer. None of the trials measured our effectiveness main outcome, time-to-respiratory resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at 24 months of treatment.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 933 people with MS. Eleven RCTs were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Spain. Eleven trials tested vitamins D and D₃, and the other in Australia, Canada, Denmark, and Canada. One trial was funded by the National Institute of Health, one study was supported by a pharmaceutical company, and two studies did not report funding sources. We found no data on time to first treated relapse, number of people who needed hospital admission because of symptoms of MS, or on the risk of being admitted to hospital because of side effects. One study found no effect on fatigue at 96 weeks' follow-up. Seven studies found no effects on cytokine levels, four on T-lymphocytes and one on matrix metalloproteinases, with no clear pattern of change in these immunities. The other two studies showed no effect of vitamins D on HRQOL. The trials did not provide enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on other important outcomes, such as the number of patients who required hospital admission due to side effects, or the risk that a person would need to be admitted for any reason.
We found 62 studies, involving 4241 people, that compared oral morphine with other opioids, or with other painkillers. Studies were old, often small, and were largely carried out for patient-centred reasons. The main outcomes for this review were patient-reported pain and pain relief. The review also showed the wide range of study designs, and inconsistent in cross-over designs. Pain relief did not differ between oral morphine and other opioids. A small number of people did not achieve good pain relief with morphine. Adverse events were common, predictable, and about 6% of people stopped treatment with morphine because of tolerable adverse events.
We found 14 studies with a total of 1260 people with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of people in the studies ranged from 16 to 88 years; and most of them were women (approximately 70%). The studies were carried out over a period of three to 15 months, and the follow-up after surgery ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies compared open surgery versus steroids (two studies) and compared surgery plus steroid injected versus steroid injected alone (one study). We found no differences between the two groups in terms of the number of people who had a flare-up of symptoms, but more people had pain on the palm of the hand in the steroid group compared with the open surgery group. We also found that more people who received open surgery were more likely to have side-effects compared with those who received steroid injected. We found insufficient data to draw conclusions about the risk of complications, such as infections, tendon injury, flare-ups, and fat necrosis. Overall, the studies were at low or unclear risk of bias and were at high risk of systematic errors in the design of the studies.
This review found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 931 people, that compared the effects of radiotherapy with radiotherapy plus PCV versus PCV alone, or with PCV plus temozolomides. The studies were generally at low risk of bias. One study found that PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve survival of people with AO or AOA.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials compared intranasal steroids versus placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast versus placebo (n = 103). One trial was not published as a randomised controlled trial. We also found one trial in which the children were not randomly allocated to receive either oral or placebo. We found no data on the number of children who needed surgery to treat OSA as an outcome. We are unclear about the effect of oral and intravenous corticosteroid drugs on the risk of OSA in children. In contrast, children who were given intravenous or intravenous steroids had a lower risk of AHI compared to those in the placebo group (2 studies, 103 children). We are also unclear about whether children who received intravenous antibiotics were more likely to have lower blood counts of apnoeas, hypopnoea (shortness of breath), and low blood counts during sleep (nadir blood pressure), or were less likely to be exposed to oxygen (low blood counts). We also had concerns about bias in one trial. Adverse events were assessed in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly spread between study groups. The quality of the studies was generally low. This means that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three cohort studies (CCTs), which involved a total of 1291 children. The RCTs and CCTs were funded by the National Institute of Health, and one study was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The other two studies were supported by grants from pharmaceutical companies. We found no data on bleeding episodes: one child had an ischaemia-haemorrhagic stroke. None of the studies looked at other adverse events, and none occurred. The studies did not report on the number of children who had a blood clot in the brain, or on the amount of blood that had to be removed because of blood clots. In one study, no data were available on other outcomes, such as major and/or minor bleeding episodes, or the risk of death as a result of VTE, removal of CVC due to VTE or post-thrombosis (a type of blood clot). In the other studies, there were no data available on any of the other outcomes. The quality of life of the children was similar between the two groups, and in one study only one of the treatment groups received AT supplements and the other group did not receive AT supplements. In the third study, in which AT supplements were added to AT supplements, children were less likely to have a bleeding episode, and were more likely to be admitted to hospital. This review found no major effects of systemic treatments compared with no treatment for VTE in children with CVCs.
This review found that CSFD did not have a beneficial effect on the risk of spinal cord injury. CSFD reduced the risk that a person's spinal cord would be damaged by aneurysm.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 662 people, that compared NB-UVB with other treatments for psoriasis. We found that when compared with oral PUVA, the clearance rate for PPP was unclear. In three other RCTs of CPP, there was insufficient information to draw conclusions about the clearance rates. In one RCT, there were insufficient data to make a conclusion about the effectiveness of re-nitrogen plus retinoid in terms of clearance rate. In another RCT in people with PPP, one trial found that there were no data on withdrawal due to adverse events. Pooled data from these three studies suggested that withdrawals due to side- effects were not substantially more likely between the two groups. In the third trial, two left-right body comparisons were inconclusive, and one trial was inconclusive. In people with CPP and GP, no data were available on the clearance of PPP compared with other treatment options. In summary, re-NB-UVBs and PUVA are comparable in effectiveness for treating PPP.
This review found that biofeedback and physical exercise may enhance the outcome of treatment for faecal incontinent bowel problems. However, there is a need for larger, better-designed trials to confirm these findings.
This review found that using a urinary catheter compared with not using one resulted in a higher risk of re-catheterisation if a catheter was not used after surgery. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubtic one was used. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggest that fewer people need to be re-cleared from the urinary tract if the catheter is removed before surgery.
This review found 10 studies that involved a total of 3340 people with mania. Seven studies were compared with placebo, one with lithium, and one with haloperidol. Two studies were also compared with other drug treatments (lithium) and one study was compared with no treatment. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each treatment in eight of the trials) may have influenced the results. The overall risk of bias was unclear. The review of trials found that aripiprazol was more likely to reduce manic symptoms in adults and children at three and four weeks of age, but not at six weeks or at 12 weeks. A higher drop-out rate was seen in the lithium study, and more people required treatment with other medications. No data were available on other drugs, so the precise place of aripinrazole in treatment remains unclear. A reduction of manic symptoms was noted at three weeks, but no data on other medications was available. A lower drop-off rate was observed in lithium studies, and a higher risk of side effects, such as nausea, and increased blood pressure.
This review found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effectiveness and safety of locking of the infected blood vessels in children with cancer. No RCTs or CCTs were published on the effect of locking the blood vessels alone. No adverse events occurred in any of the cohort studies that assessed this outcome. We found no differences between ethanol or urokinase or ethanol lock treatments with regard to the number of children who were cured, the need to be admitted to the ICU, or the need for sepsis.
This review found that advice on pain and stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics did not appear to be effective for relieving pain, but may help to improve function and global perception of work and work-related stress. This review also found that self-care strategies did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain at short-term follow-up.
This review found no studies meeting the study design requirements for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies were found that met the review requirements. The results of this review suggest that communications with people who are at risk of CJD or vCJD may be more effective if they are tailored to their needs, and that they are more likely to be delivered in a way that is more consistent with their preferences. However, there is not enough information about the best way to communicate with people at risk.
We found one randomised controlled trial that compared opioids (prolonged release oxycodone and naloxone) with placebo. This review found no differences between groups for daytime somnoliness, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps during the night. More patients in the drug group than in the placebo group were treated with opioids compared to placebo. The major side effects of opioids were abdominal problems, fatigue, and headache.
This review found 15 trials that involved 1022 adults with distally displaced fractures of the distal radius. These trials were carried out in the USA, UK, UK and Canada. The trials were of variable quality and were generally of poor quality. There was not enough information to confirm a better overall outcome for the group of patients. There were a number of side-effects, such as pin-track infections, but most of these were minor.
This review found that early removal of ureteric stents may reduce the risk of a urinary tract infection (UTI), while it is unclear if there is a higher risk of MUC.
We found five studies that compared crowns with fillings. Two of the studies compared PMCs with open sandwich restorations. One study compared PMC (fitted using the Hall Technique) versus other treatments. The other study compared two types of crowns: PMCs versus a stainless steel crown with white veneers. No RCTs were found that compared other methods of fitting preformed metal crowns (i.e. Hall Technique versus standard technique). Some of our outcomes were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or withdrawal from the studies, patient preferences and costs. Crowns versus fillings All studies used PMCs. The risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the short term (three studies, with 346 teeth in three studies, and two with Hall Technique). In the long term, the risk of pain was lower for crowns fitted using a Hall Technique. It is unclear whether there is a benefit when crowns are fitted with the Hall technique. In one study, crowns compared to fillings were less likely to lead to major complications, such as bruising.
This review found that PEP compared to other methods of airway clearance may have a place in the care of people with CF. This review also found that when PEP was compared with HFCWO, adverse events were only in the flutter group. In one study where infants performed either PEP or PDPV, this was more severe in the PEP group. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the design was either concealed or concealed.
This review found that CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was better than placebo (a dummy treatment) for inducing a reduction of Crohn's disease symptoms and a reduction in the risk of dying from any cause. However, it is unclear whether this benefit was due to the fact that it was also associated with a higher risk of side effects, such as infection, and cancer. More studies are needed to determine the long-term effectiveness and safety of CZPs in Crohn’s disease patients.
This review found that the effects of drug treatment for heart failure in people with CKD are unclear. The effects of drugs such as adenosine-converting enzyme inhibitors, dopamine, nesiritides, or serelaxins on death, hospital admissions, heart failure or kidney function, blood pressure, and blood sugar levels were unclear due to sparse data or were not available. In chronic heart failure, the effects were unclear. In acute heart failure (three months to five years), the effect of drug treatments on improving heart failure and kidney function was unclear. We were not able to assess the effects on the risk of hyperkalemia, as there were few studies and we were unable to provide data for this subgroup. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease the risk that a person needs to be admitted to hospital because of a heart attack or stroke, and may also decrease the need for blood transfusions.
This review found three studies that involved a total of 1945 women. The women were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups, one group was given either a blood pressure monitor, and the other group was not given a monitor. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, and Canada. All three studies were conducted in the United States and one study was based in the UK. The review found that there was not enough data to support the use of one form of tocodynamic therapy over the other for women who were given an epidurals. The risk of neonatal outcomes was similar between groups: Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, blood pressure less than 7.15, and need for more than 48 hours in the neonatal neonatal nursery were similar in the two groups. There were no deaths in the trials and no neonatal deaths occurred.
We found two studies that involved 54 people with CVI. Both studies were at high risk of bias; hence, these results should be interpreting with caution. One study found no differences between the two groups in terms of muscle strength, and the other study found that muscle strength at slow speed was lower in the control group. We were not able to pool the data. The other study did not provide information on the risk of venous leg ulcers, risk of surgery to treat symptoms of CVI, or the number of people who were able to walk on their own. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size of the studies, we could not be able to confirm indirect results and we were not confident in the results.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplement of the knee is a safe treatment for knee OA. The evidence is current up to May 2014. The review found that hyaluronan and hylan are a useful treatment for OA, and may be more likely to be associated with more side-effects than other drugs. More research is needed to confirm the effectiveness of HA products in the treatment of OA and to assess their safety.
This review found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 women. Four RCTs (involving 1881 women) compared misoprostolin with placebo (a dummy medicine). The other trials were too small to assess impact on outcomes. The review found no differences between the two groups, although women who received a dose of misopropol (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) were more likely to have more blood loss of at least 1000 mL compared with women who were given oxytocin. Two trials tried to test the effects of hormone and hormone-like hormones, but were not large enough to compare them with each other. One trial also tried to compare the effect of hormones on the amount of blood lost, but was too small for us to be able to draw any conclusions. The role of hormones in the treatment of women with PPH is not clear, and further studies should focus on the best way to treat women who fail to respond to uterotonics.
This review found that routine short-term use of cysteine supplements may improve the balance of nutrients in the blood. This review of randomized controlled trials found that there was no significant effect on the risk of death by 36 to 36 weeks' gestation, or on the risks of serious complications, such as low blood sugar, and low blood counts.
We found 77 trials involving 6287 people who were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more treatments or no treatment. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. All trials were at high risk of bias in one or more domains. Only one trial was at low risk of biased in all domains. The source of funding was not given in 39 trials. We found no differences in the number of deaths in either group. None of the people who received no treatment were more likely to die than those who received only one treatment. There were no differences between the two treatment groups in the two trials which were funded by parties with no vested interests in the results. The number of people with major side-effects was not significantly different between the treatment groups. We were not able to identify any differences between any of the treatments in relation to health-care costs. The risk of death was similar in both treatment groups, and no differences were found in the other outcomes. We did not find any differences in risk of major side effects between the treatments. We could not identify any studies which were fully or fully funded by drug manufacturers that would have benefited, based on the results of the trial. We are not confident that any of these treatments are effective in the treatment of NAFLD. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review found that CSF testing of CSF biomarkers may be more likely to identify Alzheimer's disease than other biomarker tests, but may not be as accurate as other tests. We were not able to properly assess the effect of CSFs on the risk of conversion to Alzheimer’s disease because the studies were few and small. We did not find any studies that assessed CSFs for ‘other diseases’, so we cannot be certain about the effects of CSFS on other diseases. We found no studies that compared CSFs to other tests, so it is not clear if CSFs are more accurate than other tests in detecting other diseases, or if CSFS are more effective than other types of tests.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which involved 170 men. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. All studies were conducted in the USA, one in Germany and one in Italy. All men were male and had undergone surgery to remove the tumour of the prostate. We found that propofol was no more effective than inhalation in reducing the amount of blood in the eye after surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause deaths, breathing problems, heart attacks and strokes, blood loss, length of stay in hospital or costs. Overall, we found no studies that addressed the other outcomes that we were interested in.
We found 14 studies, involving 1,601,515 study participants. We found that women who were given a steroid were less likely to have low birth weight, low birthweight babies, and low Apgar score when compared with women who did not receive a steroid. We also found that when women were given potent to very potent steroids, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the risk of having a baby born too early or too early. We did not find a difference in the risk that women would have if they were given more potent or less potent steroids. The risk of a baby being born early was similar in women who received more potent and less potent steroid drugs, and when women received less potent and more potent steroids when they were pregnant. There was a lower risk that a baby would be born early or would be too early if women were only given less potent or more potent drugs. We were not able to determine if this was due to the fact that women were more likely to be too young or too old, or because of other factors, such as the way in which the babies were born or were too old. We could not identify any studies that looked at the effects of women on other important outcomes, for example, how often the baby was born early and how often it was too early, or if the baby's head was too close to the penis. We are not confident in the results of this review. More studies are needed to confirm the results.
We found four randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which involved a total of 611 (612 eyes) that compared the use of steroid drugs with no steroid drugs. The trials were carried out in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of patients was 611, ranging from 30 to 500 per trial. All trials compared the treatment of bacteria in the eye with either no steroid drug, or with a placebo (a dummy treatment). The trials lasted from two months to one year. The largest trial was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which compared steroid treatment with no treatment. The trial did not show a significant effect on visual acuity, infiltration/scar size, or adverse events. One trial found that the steroid group was 53% slower than the placebo group to re-epithelialize, but did not find a significant improvement in time to return to normal vision. We found no data on cost of treatment. None of the three small trials found any significant improvement between the two treatment groups. In the largest trial, more patients in the control group experienced increased pressure in the eyes. We did not found any reports on cost. The other trials were too small to detect a strong effect of steroid treatment, but may be due to lack of power to detect an effect.
We found four trials that involved 450 people with ischaemic stroke who were randomly assigned to receive either a blood transfusion or a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. We found no differences between the two treatment groups in terms of the number of people who died, but there was an increase in the percentage of patients who died at the end of follow-up. We did not find any differences in the risk of serious complications between the treatment and control groups. We were not able to identify any differences between treatment groups with respect to the risk that a person would need to be admitted to hospital because of a blood clot in the brain.
This review found one study that was carried out in the UK, which involved 120 children younger than five years of age. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children, such as the number of mothers in full-time or part-time work, or the amount of children who were paid more than £200 per week. This review found that there was no clear benefit of day care for children in higher-income countries. No other measures of child developmental or psychological outcomes (e.g. mental health, emotional well-being, and social functioning) were measured in this study. There was not enough information to determine whether day care improved or worsened children's abilities to perform everyday activities, or whether children were more or less likely to drop out of school because of problems with their behaviour, or if they were more likely to get into trouble with other problems. There is a need for more high-quality studies that compare day care with other types of care.
This review found that none of the 30 scoring indices have been fullyvalidated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts histopathology Index have been the most likely to be tested in clinical practice. In order to identify the best way to treat UC, more research is required.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared nailing versus plating in 213 people. The trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of bias due to the way it was carried out. The average age of people in the trials ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials that compared surgery with other types of treatment. Overall, there is either no data on the use of surgery or the best treatment for distal tibial metaphyseaal fractures in adults. We are very unsure about the results for all outcomes. Pooled data (173 people, 3 trials) for the need for reoperations or physical therapy for adverse events favoured nailing (4/90 versus 10/83; RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.12 to 1.12), but the risk of a better outcome after plating (10/83 versus 9/83). The risk of reoperation was similar between nailing and plating. Based on an overviewrative risk of 100 re-operative operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate placement in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to be re-operated after nailing. In one trial (85 people, three trials) there was no significant improvement in pain between the two groups.
We found 11 studies with a total of 38,742 people. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 people), and three studies compared two types of blood pressure control (3632 people). The risk of bias varied greatly between studies. The pooled risk ratio was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 patients; 3 studies; 28,630 patients; 4 studies; 3632 patients). We found that BPLDs were more likely to reduce the risk of recurrence of blood clots than placebo, and were less likely to be associated with major complications, such as heart attacks and strokes. We found no difference between the two groups in the number of patients who had a heart attack or a stroke. We also found a reduction in the risk that a person would need to be treated with an ACE inhibitor (an inhibitor that blocks the production of an inhibitor of an enzyme that increases the body's ability to control blood pressure) or a diuret (a drug that reduces the amount of fluid in the blood). We did not find a difference between groups in terms of the number who would need surgery, and those who would have to be admitted to hospital because of heart attacks or strokes.
This review found that B-Sitosterol may improve urinary symptoms and blood flow measures. However, their long-term effects on prostate size are not known. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We found 26 trials that involved 62,815 people with asthma (including 2,599 children). We found no differences between the studies in terms of the number of people who died and those who did not. We found that people who were not taking inhaled steroids were more likely to die from asthma than those who were taking an inhaled steroid. There is also a clear increase in risk of asthma--related deaths in patients not using inhaled corticosterotics in the two large studies studied. There was no difference between the two largest studies in children, but the risk in children remains unclear due to the small number of children studied.
This review of two studies found that there was no benefit from thyroid hormone treatment in preterm infants. The review found no differences between the two studies in terms of the need for breathing support, time spent in the intensive care unit, length of time on a breathing machine, need for neonatal care, or the need to be admitted to the neonatal nursery.
We found 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 1828 people, that compared non-absorbables with placebo or no treatment for liver disease. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias, and one RCT was at a high risk of systematic errors. The review found that non-abdominal disaccharide drugs may help to reduce the risk of liver damage, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analyses. We also found that these drugs may also help to lower the risk that a person’s liver gets infected with hepatitis C. We did not find any data on the effect of these drugs on other outcomes, such as liver failure, liver infection, and bleeding. We found no data on other important outcomes, for example, blood loss, liver infections, and blood clots. None of the trials examined the effects of non-habdomyolytic effects of lactulopoietin, which is used to treat liver damage.
This review found 65 studies that involved a total of 3598 children and young adults who were randomly assigned to receive either bisphosphonetics or other treatments to treat bone disease. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death, heart attacks and strokes, or blood loss. Studies also did not provide information on other outcomes, such as the risk of kidney failure, or the need for heart attacks or strokes. The review found that, compared to placebo (a dummy treatment containing no active ingredient) or no treatment at all, treatment of bone disease in kidney transplant patients may prevent fracture and bone pain. It was unclear whether any other drug class decreased fracture events, and it was not clear whether other drugs had any effect on skeletal, heart attack and stroke outcomes. Bisphosphinates may reduce bone pain, but may increase the risk that the bone is too low and may lead to a higher risk of low blood counts and low white blood cell counts.
This review found no study that measured all of the outcomes that we were interested in. We found four trials with a total of 317 people. The trials were at a high risk of bias in at least one domain. Three trials studied oral sodium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol per day. One trial studied intravenous sodium, and one trial studied a combination of intravenous and intramuscular sodium (parenteral) (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). There was no difference in handgrip strength in three trials (113 people) in which a single outcome was amenable to meta-analyses. No major differences in adverse events were observed. The quality of the trials was variable.
We found 15 trials that involved 3057 people with acute rhinusitis. The trials were carried out in the USA, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland. We did not find any new studies for this update. Antibiotic treatment can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive infection instead of placebo or no treatment. Infection was higher when a fluid level or total opaculation in any sinus was found on a blood test. Infections were less likely in children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with more severe sinus infections. In one trial, one person developed a brain infection. Overall, risk of bias was low.
This review found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 2515 patients, that compared two types of lymph nodes with each other in patients with tumour of the stomach. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2. Data were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Data for DFS were available for only one trial, and data for survival were not available. The review found that D2 was more likely to be better than D1 in terms of survival, although the risk of dying after surgery was higher.
This review found that oral naloxone did not perform better than placebo or no medication in terms of the number of people who were re-initiated in the studies, but results come from only from two studies.
We found two studies that were part of the same large multi-centre trial that involved 351 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the effect of changing fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to normal liquids. The second study looked at changing fluids with a chin down head posture. Both studies were carried out in the UK and were funded by the National Institute of Health, the National Health Service and the UK Health Board. We found no trials on changes to food. No trials on other types of fluids were found. The other study, which was part of a larger trial involving 260 people, was also based on data from people in the first trial. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of deaths, but there were more deaths in the second trial. In the second study, there were a greater number of cases of infection in people who received honey thick liquids than in those who received nectar thick liquids. There were no deaths in this trial. Neither trial looked at how much fluid was given or how often it was changed. We are unclear about the effects of changes to fluids on the health of people in this review as too few studies have been carried out. More studies are needed to confirm the results of this review.
This review found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials involved 396 women. There were no differences in rates of live birth rates, rates of OHSS (low blood counts, low white blood cell counts, high blood counts and low sperm counts, and other complications. One trial found that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the group of women who received standard IVF than in the control group. Findings on treatment costs were unclear and more data are awaited.
This review found that Tai Chi is safe to practise in people with COPD. We found 12 studies that compared Tai Chi versus usual care and compared it to other types of care. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year and involved a total of 984 people who were randomly assigned to receive Tai Chi or usual care. All studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and three studies used methods of blinding that may have influenced the results. Tai Chi was compared with usual care, and compared with other treatments (i.e. breathing exercises or exercising). We found no differences between Tai Chi and other treatments for COPD, and showed no differences on symptoms nor on other outcomes. No adverse events were observed. We are not able to determine the impact of Tai Chi on lung function, muscle strength, and mental and emotional well-being in COPD patients. More studies are needed to address these topics.
We found 72 studies that involved 2470 people who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia. We found that time since onset of stroke, symptoms of disability, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influences of outcome. This review includes 35 new studies that were added to the original version of this review. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to lack of information. The results of the studies were not consistent between groups in terms of the goals of treatment and the types of devices used. There were no differences between groups for gait speed or balance. There was a trend suggest that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total treatment) was preferable as were customised video programs. Twenty-three studies measured for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those were mostly mild. Overall, we found no differences in effectiveness between groups.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 1330 people, that compared fluoroquinolone treatment with no treatment in the first-line treatment of TB. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, and Australia. All of the trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. We found no data on treatment failure, but one trial did not report on the number of people who were not well enough to be certain about this. The other trials did not provide enough information to be sure about the effect of fluorocinolones on death, sputum conversions, or side effects. We are not sure if fluoroinolones added to standard treatment reduces the risk of death or relapse, or if there is an effect on side effects, but we do not know if there are any differences between the two groups. We do not have enough data to be confident about these results.
